 My Life as a Fake springs from a real life event.  After World War II, two conservative poets in Australia who disliked contemporary poetry (Eliot, Pound) decided to pull a stunt on a literary magazine -- named Angry Penguins (what a great name).  They wrote poetry in the modern style (in one case transcribing an army pamphlet on mosquito control into verse, an example that is repeated here) and submitted it under a false name to the literary magazine, whose editor became convinced that he had found an Australian genius, and published the poetry.  They came forward, everyone laughed at the editor, and he was prosecuted for publishing obscenity. Peter Carey takes this episode and uses it to write a novel that is funny, grotesque, and tragic.  Set decades after the hoax was exposed, the novel is narrated by a middle-aged editor of another literary magazine who meets the originator of the hoax, and becomes convinced he has in his possesion great poetry.  But who wrote it?  The hoaxer, Chubb, seems incapable of such great work.  Complicating things are that somehow the person he invented as the author of false poems, Bob McCorkle, has come to life as a real person who haunts his creator in the manner of Frankenstein's monster.  The narrator hangs around Chubb trying to get the poetry, and having to listen to his life story -- never knowing what's true or not. Thus, he has done far more than take the real events and make minor changes to produce a work of fiction.   The book works both on the level of the story it tells, and on the level of the issues it raises.  Perhaps the most important is the relation of art to its creator.  Could great poetry be created by someone who had the intention of writing bad verse?  Certainly that is what some think happened in real life.  The two poets who pulled of the hoax on which this book is based never wrote anything as good as the "false" poems they wrote as a joke.   This book was a finalist for the Booker prize.  The judges for this prize (they change each year) have shown consistent ability to pick books that are both readable and intelligent.  If you like this book, you might try Carey's book on Ned Kelly, which won the Booker prize.     