 The Teeth of the Tiger represents Clancy's effort to get himself out the corner into which he has painted himself in the Jack Ryan novels.  By making Ryan the President, Clancy made it impossible for the character to move around and pull of the heroics of the earlier books.  In Rainbow Six, Clancy turned to John Clark and kept Ryan offstge.  Here, he swtiches the focus to a new generation of characters -- two nephews of Jack Ryan and Ryan's son, Jack Jr.  While this a good idea -- none of the original characters were getting any younger -- the plot of The Teeth of the Tiger strains plausibility, even for a thriller. In his earlier books, Clancy portrayed the CIA as highly capable. Now it is described as bureaucratic nightmare, incapable of fighting terrorism.  Instead, now former President Jack Ryan (before he resigned the Presidency for reasons that aren't clearly explained) created a self-supporting, very small organization designed to identify and kill terrorists.  Ollie North testified that William Casey actually considered the same idea -- he thought that by taking the profits from Iran-contra, he could create a version of the CIA that got no federal funds and thus could function without Congressional oversight.  Here, the organization that is created is so small that it is ludicrous to conclude that it could accomplish anything.  The organization gets its information by evesdropping on NSA-CIA traffic.  Somehow, two or three people (most of the time one person, Jack Ryan, Jr.) is able to ferret out of this immense amount of information the names and location of terrorists.  And then the organization's two (yes, two) field agents are able to quickly find them and kill them. The book is filled with other implausibilities -- to get Jack Ryan Jr. involved in the action, it is suddenly decided the two agents need backup, although they've had no problems up to that point. Junior is sent to back them up even though he has absolutely no field training. Readers should be aware that this book appears to be the first in a series; much of the first third is spent setting up plots for which there is no resolution, and the main villain has not been identified by Ryan Jr. and company by the end of the book. There are a few set pieces that Clancy will enjoy -- a shootout in a mall, the details of how people can be smuggled in the U.S. and other examples of Clancy's research.  But if this had been Clancy's first book, I don't think he would have had much of a career.     