 Lit Life is Kurt Wenzel first novel, and is centered on three characters:  Kyle Clayton, whose first novel was a huge success, but has written nothing else for years; Richard Whitehurst, who is called America's most underrated writer, having failed to achieve success despite a lifetime of hard work and respectable reviews; and Whitehurst's wife Meryl, who after decades of marriage to Whitehurst sees their relationship dying as a result of the writer's failure to achieve the success he has dreamed of.  Clayton and Whitehurst could not seem more different -- Clayton has spent the years since his first novel getting drunk and chasing women, while Whitehurst has shown an almost monkish dedication to his work, to the point that he is alienated from his wife and daughter.  However, the differences between the two result in a relationship.  Clayton has long admired Whitehurst's work, and Whitehurst admires Clayton's work and envies his fame.  By the time the two meet, that fame has gone sour -- Clayton finds himself listed in an article in New York magazine as one of the 100 most obnoxious New Yorkers.  Whitehurst persuades Clayton to spend the summer with him in the Hamptons, and this intrusion into Whitehurst's settled life has consequences that no one could have expected. This description of the plot makes the book sound like grim reading.  It is not.  Clayton's escapades at throughout the book, as he gets drunk, behaves (at times) badly, and ponders the possibility of agreeing to product placement in his next book are all very funny.  The last idea is not as fanciful as it sounds; a noted British novelist agreed to such a deal (I don't know if Wenzel anticipated it or not).  While Wenzel has some interesting things to say about the life of a writer, he does so in a way that has broad appeal -- this is not a navel-gazing book.  And Wenzel is quick to see the humor in his other charactes as well.  The book is best described as a satire. Wenzel is a highly skilled writer.  He moves the vantage point of the novel from Clayton, to Whitehurst, and to  Meryl to show how the characters view themselves and each other.  This is an effective way to flesh a character out.  And Wenzel handles his three main characters well -- none of them are stereotypes.   The book moves smoothly from comedy to tragedy, with an very effective ending.  I look forward to Wenzel's next book.     