 The main character of "Pale Horse Coming" is Earl Swaggert, who was also the subject of Hunter's last novel "Hot Springs."  In an effort to rescue his friend attorney Sam Vincent, Swaggert finds himself in a prison located in a mythical Mississippi county known as Thebes.  Vincent, by the way, behaves with almost unbelievable stupidity throughout the book, especially for someone who spent most of his life in the South.  Swaggert, being nearly superhuman, survives the brutal treatment in the prison, escapes, and leads a party of gunmen back to destroy it. Anyone who has enjoyed the past Swaggert books by Hunter will like this one.  Hunter (whose other job is film critic for the Washington Post) throws in many references to other books and to films.  Thus, the prison is undoubtedly named Thebes so that Hunter can refer to the Greek play "Seven Against Thebes" several times in the novel.  There is also a subplot taken almost directly from Faulkner's "Absalom, Absalom."  The use of seven gunmen brings to mind "The Magnificent Seven" and "Seven Samurai."  Finally, those familiar with the shooting world, may recognize the real life models for the gunmen.  Not being so familiar, the only one I could identify is based on World War II hero Audie Murphy, who went on to star in a series of B western movies in the 50s. Much of what readers have come to expect from Hunter is present in this novel -- lots of gunplay, discussion of the details of shooting, and lots of action.  I rate it below "Hot Springs," "Point of Impact," and "Dirty White Boys" because there are a number of slow sections in the book -- particularly at the beginning where Sam Vincent has to really work at getting himself in trouble so that Earl Swaggert will have to rescue him.  Not all of the gunmen come across as individual characters, and I had trouble keeping about half of them straight, although the remainder were clear enough.  Some of the literary baggage seems a bit much, particularly the borrowed subplot from "Absalom, Absalom."   Still, these were relatively minor weaknesses in and should not discourage anyone who likes Hunter's books from buying this one.  He provides enough excitement to keep most readers hooked.  Even when Hunter is not at his best, he is still far above most writers in his genre.     