 If you look at the reviews for this book, you will conclude that it must either be a masterpiece or a waste of paper.  It is neither.  Harrison has a lot of interesting ideas but does not, in my opinion, totally pull them off.  The book is narrated by Bill Wyeth, whose rapid descent from a successful New York real estate lawyer to near bum is covered if the first chapter.  Through a terrible mistake, for which he is not responsible, a child dies, and his powerful father uses his power to ruin Wyeth.  In quick succession, he loses his job, his wife, and access to his son.   When he has reached the bottom, he wanders into a steak restaurant that seems to be an island of sanity in a world that has turned on him.  He develops a crush on the woman who runs the restaurant, Allison Sparks.  There is a mysterious room which is invitation-only that fascinates him but to which he cannot gain access.  Then one night he is asked by Allison to help her boyfriend, Jay Rainey, close a real estate deal.  He does, reluctantly, and as a result, (1) finds himself doing things that, while not clearly criminal, could be and (2) starts being threatened by a series of thugs for reasons he cannot understand.  All of this leads him to uncover Jay Rainey's secrets as a way of saving himself. The obvious influence on this book is the Great Gatsby.  Rainey shares a first name (Jay) with Gatsby, an obsession with trying to reclaim the past, and a possibly criminal background. Indeed, Wyeth comes on a list of activities made by Rainey of what to do each day that is almost identical to a list made by Gatsby, although for different purposes.  Of course, nothing is what it seems a first or even second glance. By the end of the book, Harrison is tying up numerous plots, including Rainey's past and future, and the mysterious Havana Room.  I found the resolution somewhat forced.  Additionally, I often figured out what was happening well before the narrator, which is annoying.  The secret of what goes on in the Havana Room was a let-down. And the ending was a little too hopeful for what had gone before. Nevertheless, this book is not a waste.  Harrison is trying to write more than a run of the mill thriller.  The use of the Gatsby theme is effective, and the ultimate secrets about Rainey's past are moving.  Violence plays a part in the book, but it seemed realistic in that it was not carefully thought out but almost accidental.  While the book is not perfectly plotted, it offers the reader interesting characters who, like Gatsby, are pulled back into the past.     