 As interesting as this book is, it cannot be considered the definitive work on the controversial Cook.  Bradford Washburn is one of the most important names in American mountaineering.  His photographs rival Ansel Adams.  However, in publishing this book at 91, with a co-author, he seems to have failed to source his material.  Robert M. Bryce published several years ago an exhaustive treatment of Cook and his claims.  He consulted Washburn, who wrote him a note warmly congratulating Bryce on his work when the book was published.  However, when this book was published, which lacks footnotes, Washburn failed to credit Bryce in any way.  This was a complete error, as his co-author admitted; he submitted a bibiography that identifies Bryce as a source. But when reached by the Washington Post, and asked to explain the omission of Bryce's book, Washburn told the Post, "I don't know Bryce" and "to the best of my knowledge I've never laid eyes on his book. But you've got to remember you're dealing with a 91-year-old guy here." The sad fact is that Washburn is probably telling the truth based on his present memory, but that memory is just not very good.  Washburn's coauthor admits that he "naturally" drew facts and sequences from Bryce's book, since it was both the most comprehensive and the most recent biography of Cook.  The entire controversy is well covered in a February 4. 2002 article in the Washington Post.  Apparently the omission of any mention of Bryce was due to someone who lives at Washburn's retirement home retyping the bibliography. There is no doubt that Washburn drew on a vast amount of his own research for this book, although how much he wrote and how much was written by his coauthor is not clear.  It is also clear that he reached his conclusion concerning Cook's false claim to have climbed Mount McKinley long before Bryce started his work.  This is not a case of deliberate plagarism, and it not clear that Bryce's text was copied.  However, it is unfortunate, that such a distinguished career ends on this note.   Nevertheless, if you are really interested in this subject, and Cook is very interesting, you need to read Bryce's book.  He has footnoted his sources, discussed the matter at greater detail and  his conclusion seems irrefutable.     