 Most readers know Peter Hamilton from his Night's Dawn trilogy, published in this country in six volumes.  Pandora's Star is the first volume in another sprawling (and I do mean sprawling) series.  The book begins with the discovery that two distant linked solar systems have been isolated by a force field.  Because the observation is made visually, this means that the event occurred hundred of years ago.  This event leads the Commonwealth, an organization of the human planets, to investigate.  Whoever could put a force field around such a tremendous area would be very possible.  And what is the motive?  Is the force field meant to keep others out, or those living in the system in?   In a break from Hamilton's early books, as Pandora's Star opens, humanity does not use star ships for faster than light travel.  Rather, wormholes are used to link distant worlds.  Thus, one of the first things that must be done is to build a ship capable of faster than light travel.  Other aspects of Hamilton's future are near-immortality, a terrorist group obsessed with the idea that an alien has taken over the government, and various alien races that seem indifferent to human population, and whose motives are not apparent.   Those who've read Hamilton's Night's Dawn trilogy will not be surprised at his practice of introducing many characters and separate plot lines that will (one hopes) converge eventually.  Some of these plots are so separate from the main plot as to seem to exist only to establish background of the characters.  Indeed, at time the books seems to consist of short stories set in the same future but having no other connection.  For example, we follow a police inspector investigating a 40 year old murder case relates to the main plot in a tangential (at best) way.  This means that some of the characters can disappear for hundreds of pages at at time.  While this can be irritating, the diversity of Hamilton's plotting makes it work for me.  I much preferred this book to his last one, Fallen Dragon, which was (for Hamilton) quite focussed on mainly one character. That Hamilton could produced two different but richly detailed visions of the future in Night's Dawn and Panddora's Star is very impressive.  I hope he can keep this up. I have one complaint about Hamilton's style that might strike others as pedantic but it drives me crazy.  He consistently links independent clauses not with a conjunction, but a comma.  To some extent this method duplicates the way people actually talk.  However, he's been doing it from the beginning of his career, and having read thousands of pages of his, I am beginning to get tired of it.   Of course, it is hard to judge a trilogy by the first book.  No matter how good it is, one's opinion of it will be affected by later installments.  In Night's Dawn, Hamilton painted himself into a corner with his plot, and the ending was not entirely successful.  Fallen Dragon's ending had even more of a deus ex machina quality.  We'll have to see about this one.  Pandora's Star ends with a huge cliffhanger that will have readers waiting for the next installment.     