 I have read all of Stephen King's other books, including the earlier volumes of the Dark Tower series.  As much as I like King, the Dark Tower series -- particularly the last two -- could use some serious editing.  The Wolves of Calla has three plot lines going.  Of these one -- the confrontation with the wolves of the title -- is resolved in this long book.  The other two are left hanging in midair at the conclusion.  This is frustrating, even though King has stated he has written the remaining two books in the series in rough draft, and they are to be released in 2004. It's interesting to contrast this book with King's excellent "On Writing."  One would have to conclude that Wolves of Calla should be much shorter.  Far too much of the story is dragged out at extreme length; in "On Writing," King advised that a second draft should always be 10% shorter than the first draft.  If he followed this rule, then I would hate to see the first draft of Wolves of Calla.  Indeed, the entire series has been written at great length.   It would be one thing if the book ended with a well-written confrontation with the Wolves.  However, that confrontation is disposed of in a few pages, despite the hundreds of pages leading up to it.  King really doesn't seem interested in it.  At one point, Roland says that the shooting will be over in 5 minutes, and that seems accurate.  King's real interest here seems to be setting up plots for the upcoming two books.   However, I am not saying that this book is a waste of time.  Anyone interested in the series will have to read it.  And there are sections that are well-written and engage the reader.  I never had much of a desire to put the book down.  When I did finish it, however, I did not take much from the book. And economy has never been one of King's virtues.  He seems to enjoy cramming his novels with as many incidents as possible, even if they stray from the main plot line. I have often found these tangents, while stucturally awkward, one of the pleasures of reading King.  Sometimes they work here, sometimes they don't.   Certainly King is stretching himself in the Dark Tower series.  If this were the only thing he had ever written, I would expect he would have had difficulty in getting it published.  This is not a criticism of the series; much of the problem would have been his original mixture of Western and Fantasy elements in the same book.  Most publishers want fiction to fit neatly into genres, and King refuses to do that. Anyhow, while this book is an improvement over its predecessor in the series, it hardly ranks with King's best.  It's worth a read, if only to keep up with the series -- which will be an amazing length when completed.  Let's hope he returns to form for volumes VI and VII.     