 Led Zeppelin had the reputation of being one of the best live bands in its time.  While its albums could vary from the great (Led Zeppelin IV) to the confused (Houses of the Holy), their live shows were terrific.  But it has been 30 years since these shows were recorded, and many people's tastes have changed.  So how do these CDs hold up today? To start with positive statements , the sound quality is excellent.  Similarly, the performances of most of songs are of album quality -- this is not a case of an artist or record company scrapping the bottom of the barrel to make some money by releasing something the band would have never put out in its prime.  The acoustic songs, which the group tended to drop from their later performances, also work very well.  The song selection is good, and everything on disc 1 is excellent. The weakness of the CD shows up on discs 2 and 3, with the inclusion of a 25 minute version of Dazed and Confused, a 19 minute version of Moby Dick (mostly a drum solo), and a 23 minute performance of Whole Lotta Love.  While the inclusion of this material accurately reflects the group's performances, they seem self indulgent today.  The structure of the jam songs is weak (in contrast to extended performances by the Allman Brothers, where live performances seemed well-thought out), with some weird sounds thrown in mainly to sound weird.  I think you had to be there to appreciate them.  It is hard to imagine that many people are going to listen to Moby Dick more than one or twice.   Still, the band is great shape througout the CD; Page is consistently inventive, Plant in fine voice, and John Bonham is, well, John Bonham -- a somewhat heavy handed drummer but perfect for this group.  John Paul Jones was always something of a cipher -- that may be unfair, but he did not contribute much to the group's live performance. If you are a Zeppelin fan, this CD set is essential.  If you are a more casual listener, the fine performance of the group and the fairly reasonable of the group makes this a good addition to your collection.     