 Odd Thomas is a very jarring novel to read.  Koontz has chosen to write in the first person, trying to give a voice to a 20 year old high school graduate with supernatural powers.  The problem is that Koontz has no skill at approximating the speach of a 20 year old.  At times the character sounds like he's 12, at times 40, at times like he is from another planet.  Some of this can be defended by the weird experiences of the character, particularly those involving his psychic powers.  But even so, he should sound at least somewhat like a real person.  The dialogue of his girlfriend is just as bad.  The awkwardness of was so great that I found the book hard to finish. The plot is also predictable.  There was only one plot twist I did not see coming, and since it doesn't occur until two thirds of the way through the book, it was hard to stay interested.  The evil of the villains is just assumed -- you hardly get to know them and so their motivation is described in a couple of paragraphs at the end of the book.  Given the enormity of what they try to do, and their ability to plan so long to carry out their goals, you would expect to know more about them.  But then Koontz may not have anything to say -- fleshing these characters out may have been too difficult.  Finally, Odd Thomas's psychic powers seem arranged to avoid thinking of ways around plot difficulties.  Whenever Thomas needs to know something, he has a power that allows him to do so.  When it is important that he be in the dark, he finds his powers limited. Koontz does deserve some credit for trying something new.  While I felt that the form of the book doesn't work, Koontz is trying to stretch himself and not write the same book over and over.  Also, Thomas mostly gets by on his psychic powers; although he uses physical force on two occasions, he doesn't do anything that remarkable in either case and thus is believable.  In other words, he is not, in addition to being psychic, an action hero.   For those of you who agree with the generally favorable reviews of this book, it looks to me that this could be the start of a series.  So if you like this sort of thing, you may see more of it.     