 T.J. Stiles' biography of Jesse James is in the "Life and Times" form.  As Stiles admits, it is impossible to really know Jesse James.  Much of his life passed in obscurity. While letters attributed to him were published in the newspaper, their authenticity has always been open to question.  Stiles is careful to report what is reliably known about James, but to note any contrary facts that call into question his conclusions about what Jesse James actually did or said. Because neither he nor any members of the gangs he belonged to provided an account of how the groups worked together, it is impossible to know how dominant Jesse James was until his last years, when death, capture, or loss of interest removed most of his contemporaries from the scene.  At this time he had to rely on younger men like the Ford brothers, which proved his undoing. Stiles sees James as a product of his times, the Civil War.  Unlike the large battles of the East or even what is considered the Western theaters of the war, the Civil War in Missouri was mostly a small-scale but brutual conflict, with murder of unarmed civilians the norm.  In contrast, for all of the hatred that Sherman that incurred as a result of his march through Georgia and the other Confederate states, few if any civilians were physically harmed; the damage was done to property instead. Jesse James served with some of the most brutal leaders in the war, and most of the men he and his comrades killed were murdered, not killed in combat.  Stiles is careful to point out that Jesse James also suffered at the hands of Union forces, being beaten as teenager and seeing his stepfather hanged (but not killed).  Even given this mistreatment, it is hard to justify James' actions during and after the war. Stiles's biography is likely the best that we will have about Jesse James.  One can argue about how much politics played in Jesse James's motivation, but Stiles makes a convincing case that he was strongly motivated by a hatred for the North.  This may have been the prime reason that he and other engaged in the disastorous attempt to rob a bank in Northfield Minnesota; one of the owners was a Northern soldier who had been governor of Mississippi during the reconstruction. As for the negative reviews that are contained here, Stiles's has thoroughly identified his sources.  Thus, those who are experts in this area (and I do not claim any expertise) can judge the basis for any statements he makes in the book.  In the end, he presents a convincing picture of Jesse James as someone brutalized by the Civil War and who found that enjoyed the brutality.  Stiles also shows how Jesse James became more than a common robber because he was politically useful in the struggle for control of Missouri in the aftermath of the Civil War.     