 The Da Vinci Code is really two different books pushed together.  One of the books is awful and the other is unbelievable.  The awful part of the book is the thriller.  The main characters, like all main characters, are trying to uncover a mystery while be chased around by an appropriately bizarre killer (a super-strong albino Catholic fanatic).  This part relies on some of the oldest cliches in mystery/thriller writing, including the dying man leaving obscure clues as to who killed him instead of just writing the killer's name.  He supposedly doesn't do the latter because the killer might be watching him, but his behavior in leaving clues behind is so bizarre that if his killer was watching he would have to realize something was going on. For a thriller to work, we need to care something about the characters.  That's impossible here because the main characters have no personalities.  One is a man and one a woman, but there doesn't seem to be the slightest thing interesting about them.  They are in no way distinctive human beings.  There are comic book characters with more depth than the ones you find here. Thrillers of course turn on the characters trying to uncover some mystery, or acquire something that someone evil wants.  That gives the writer the excuse to have his characters being chased around, shot at etc. until the conclusion.  Alfred Hitchcock famously referred to the thing that is being fought over as a "McGuffin."   Normally no one cares that much about the McGuffin.  Here, the McGuffin takes over the entire book.  The McGuffin here is the Holy Grail, which is very different than any would think who knows it only from Arthurian romances.  And it is Brown's explication of what the Holy Grail "really" is about that is driving the sales of the books.  Brown bases his theory on sources that have been known to be false for centuries.  However, it appeals to a certain segment of the population, and most people will uncriticly accept what he has to say.  For anyone with access to archives of the New York Times Book Review section, I suggest that they read the back of the Book Review for 2/22/04 for more on Brown's sources. Normally I wouldn't care about what wacky McGuffin the characters in a thriller were chasing -- I like the X Files for years without ever believing in aliens -- but here it is Brown's statements about the Holy Grail that are responsible for the success of the book.  This success is not deserved. I gave this book 1 star only because Amazon does not allow you to give a book no stars.     