 The reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups: (1) those who have had the product for a few weeks and (2) those have had the product for a few months.  Those who have had the Nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it. The price is way below an iPOD of the same size. The Nomad is only sligtly larger than an iPOD.  The sound quality is very good.  The controls are somewhat harder to use, and there are some oddities about the software tagging system, but most people can live with this.  Because of the large capacity of the Nomad, owners can load hundreds of CDs on to it.  For most people, they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection.  Having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific.  They fall in love with the product. And then it breaks. Usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires.  Typically, the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others.  The Nomad is sent back to Creative Labs.  They decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period, Creative will charge you to fix it.  In my case, the bill was $81, about a third of what I paid for it.  Like many others, I had not abused the product, and had tried to take care of it.  If my level of care wasn't good enough, I had to expect that even if I paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two.   I'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed, and will not hold up to normal use.  The headphone jack seems to be a major problem.  The one other thing I observed while I had the Nomad is that the front cover, which is taken off to have access to the battery, seemed to come undone very easily.   The headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire.  Even if it hasn't expired, Creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty.  And most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase. This means that you will have the Nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it, and get used to having it.  So when it breaks, as it will, you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the Nomad.  You will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back.  You will have a very expensive paperweight. There are not a lot of good options out there.  Most people say buy an iPOD, but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery.  My suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops.  Maybe Creative will come out with a better design, although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again.  Maybe more competitors will bring out similar products.  And maybe the answer is to buy an iPOD.   Whatever you do, don't buy this product.  You will be sorry if you do.     