 Since I first reviewed this translation a few years ago, my view has subtly changed.  While the bulk of my comments remain unchanged, I have revised this review a bit to reflect my current thoughts.  The Revised English Bible, successor in lineage to the New English Bible, as a very interesting read, though like most modern translations, it leaves me feeling rather unsure of the text.  There are too many "little changes" that mean a lot to me in style from the NEB that I cannot wholeheartedly recommend this as an individuals principal Bible.  First, the good points.  The REB is quite nicely typeset, and is eminently readable.  The selection of fonts, sizes, and pagination is outstanding, though I have to admit to perferring the 'paragraph style' of the old NEB.  The return to verse numbers in a more traditional location (i.e., in the verse itself) is welcome.  The margin versification of the NEB was pretty confusing at times (the Jerusalem Bible got it right by adding a dot in at the beginning of verses that started in the middle of a line).  At one time, my favourite part of the NEB was that, while the text of regular conversation was in full-blown contemporary English, the prayers and psalter were, insofar as possible, rendered in traditional - yet readable - language.    The loss of the traditional language prayers of the Bible was of immense sadness to me at that time, because I was using the traditional Book of Common Prayer with my NEB.  Over time, my viewpoint on this has changed, and I welcome the modern language in the psalter and the prayers of the Bible.  Sadly, however, Psalter of the REB has many problems that take away from the poetic nature of the Psalms.  I also found the Creation account to be rather poorly phrased.  The use of inclusive language is noticed and somewhat bemoaned by me, but I am somewhat conservative on that account, so take that as you will.  For those seeking a poetic translation, I would highly recommend the Jerusalem Bible, but the REB is a useful translation with many good points.     