 For the past decade, I have admired David Bercot's desire to spread the message of the Early Church in the modern world.  His teaching ministry has drove me deeper into the world not only of the Scriptures, but of the Early Church as well.  I have listened to his various tapes and read many of his books, and was thrilled to obtain a copy of this edition, "A Dictionary of Early Christian Beliefs".  First, a housekeeping note, the manuscript was prepared at a point when Bercot was an Anglican priest, but he isn't anymore.  As I understand it, he is a part of the Society of the Good Shepherd, which is essential a Primitive Christian denomoination unto itself.  Any charges of bais, therefore, on the grounds of him being an Anglican should be dismissed.  Throughout his writings, Bercot often states that he accepts the Apostles' and Nicene Creeds as benchmarks of Orthodoxy, and thus this book is going to reflect a lot of material that meets that benchmark head on.  I have read a lot of criticisim of this book, but let me tell you, it's unwarranted.  Bercot was attempting a monumental feat, to collect quotes in topical form from the Early Church.  There is no way that he was going to get everthing.  What you have here is a representative, but quite extensive, sampling of the Early Church Fathers.  Some have criticised him for not including writings from the early historians of the Church, but one must realize that is is virtually impossible to take a small snippet from those historical records and put it in a proper context.  It is far easier to do with Polycarp, Ignatius, Origen, and other writers.  In the end, however, as I believe that Bercot himself would tell you... this is just a tool, a resource.  It is not, and never will be, a substitute for the ten-volume set of the Ante-Nicene Fathers.  To really, truly, properly study the early Church, one must read the ANF, especially the first few volumes, of one will be lost.  This is an excellent topical index (and is particuarlly notable for the inclusion of topical scripture as well as patristic quotes), and is far superior to the Index volume of the ANF, but still will fall short if you are attempting to study the Early Church.  In my own personal use, I use it as an index to the ANF (each quote is followed by the volume and page number on which it can be found) and as a quick reference when away from the ANF set.  I keep one with me most of the time, even on vacation.  It is simply one of the best topical indexes there is, and I highly commend it to all.     