 The Red King is a very well written novel that, while loaded, is easily comprehendable.  Well, it's at least comprehendable to me.  The story is a follow-on from two previous efforts from the authors, one set aboard the Starship Excelsior titled "The Sundered" (Published in 2003) and the first book of the Titan series, "Taking Wing" (Published earlier in 2005).  As such, this book, while readable if one hasn't perused the previous books, is a much better read if one has.  Since much has been discussed already concerning the plot, let me simply add a few points.  In spite of other reviews to the contrary, the plot does not bog down at all.  If one is looking for a murky, boring read from a Star Trek book this month (October 2005) I would suggest Michael Jan Friedman's "Death in Winter".  I can say quite safely that this novel - particularlly the last 125 pages, are pageturner material.  I don't quite rate it as high as, say, a David Mack or Keith R.A. DeCandido novel, but it's pretty close.  The Romulans are so well written that it makes me sad that the Titan's mission is taking them away from the Romulan Empire with the next book, "Orion's Hounds", which is due out in January (from a different author, Christopher Bennett, who penned the excellent original series novel Ex Machina earlier this year).  Now, on the ongoing rant that seems to accompany the works of Martin and Mangles - the Gay topic.  Get over it.  Marin and Mangles, in their early effort "Rouge", a part of the Section 31 novel series, established for Star Trek novel canon that Lt. Sean Hawk, the flight control officer who was killed in Star Trek: First Contact after being 'borgified', was homosexual.  Ranul Keru, who has figured in both Titan books was depicted in "Rouge" as Lt. Hawk's gay partner.  When I reviewed that novel, I roundly criticized Martin and Mangles because I didn't find him to be believable, not because they included a homosexual in the mix.  It simply floors me that someone includes one person who happens to be gay in a book and suddenly everyone starts screaming about how the authors are trying to shove something PC down people's throats.    I am on record as believing that homosexuality is a choice, and as a Primitive Catholic priest who subscribes to a rather literal reading of Scripture, I don't in any way condone such practice, but the fact of the matter is that my beliefs and views cannot be forced on others.  People choose, regardless of the opinions and beliefs of people such as myself, to follow where their passions lead them.  That is a part of life.  There are several hundred thousand practicing homosexuals in the United States today - some of whom we encounter on a daily basis, never knowing their sexual choices.  DEAL WITH IT FOLKS!  It is a fact of life, and if you are really going to be so thin skinned about it, one wonders why an individual would want to read a Star Trek novel anyway.  Finally, the whole idea behind the Titan concept is to show that Infinite Diversity exists in Infinite Combinations.  We are stronger together with our diverse skills and points of view than we are separate.  This is a fundamental point in Star Trek, dating back to 1966.  It is certinaly not a spirit of political correctness that flows from this book; it is a spirit of preserving the Star Trek universe and moving it forward - exploring the human spirit and seeing where it will go.  Sure, I didn't care for the percieved potshot at biblical literalists and conservative Christians that featured into the novel (see my review on my website, www.fatherrob.org, click on the blogs and such, and visit my SciFi blog), but I still enjoyed the novel.    Folks, just get over the whole gay issue.  One or two people is not shoving something down our throats.  This is Star Trek.  Star Trek's message has been tolerance and compassion.  If you are interested in rigid, intolerant, dispassionate SciFi, well... may I suggest a change in genre to you?  This is a good book, folks.  Enjoy it!     