 If you've never listened to Blues Traveler before, start now with 'Bastardos!'. If you've given them a chance before and didn't like them, give them another shot with 'Bastardos!'. This album is one of the strongest to be released this year, and quite possibly Blues Traveler's best. And Blues Traveler is one of the few bands in the jam band community that have released some very solid efforts ('Blues Traveler', 'Four' and 'Truth Be Told' to just name a few), but this one, in my opinion, tops them all. Even 2003's 'Truth Be Told' was a healthy establishment of the "new" Blues Traveler (while 2001's 'Bridge' was exactly that; a transition from the old to the new - bridging the gap between what was and what will be), but 'Bastardos!', in my opinion, still tops it. John Popper usually, as many other artists do, writes a lot about lost and unrequited love, but the first song alone, "You Can't Stop Thinking About Me", shows how his songwriting style is changing. "Amber Awaits" features the most interesting guitar riff and bass line I've heard in a long time. The perfect and rather fitting segue of "Money Back Guarantee" and "Can't Win True Love", are both packed with incredible emotion and raw power. "Leaning In" showcases Popper's amazing vocal abilities and delivery. "She And I", probably the album's epiccenter, prominantly features a 3-piece horn section - something completely new for the band. This track also showcases newbie Traveler, keyboardist Ben Wilson, with a truly mezmerizing solo. "Rubberneck" offers up a completely original (and hilarious) song subject; something that needs to be heard to be believed. The album ends gracefully with "The Children Of The Night", one of the band's most heavily produced songs. This album may be lacking the classic "hard driven, angry" Blues Traveler song, such as "Crash Burn", "Defense and Desire" or "You're Burning Me", but the entire band (as they all had a big part in writing for the album) have a lot to say that nothing is lacking at all.     