 I also was one of those customers that broke a prop on my first flight.  I noticed that after doing the minimul assembly of the plane that the rudder was not strait in the nuetral position but off slightly to the left.  With no way to adjust this (instructions incorrectly tell you to use trim tabs on radio but radio trim tabs do not function as this is not a proportional radio) I attempted a flight anyhow.  Yep you geussed it - tossed it up it banked to the left and hit the ground - smash - broken prop.  After some colorful language I got the pliers out and bent the control rod to the rudder a little to make sure the rudder was exactly strait and in the middle when the controls were in the nuetral position.  I also made sure that when the battery was installed it was pushed back toward the wing as far as it would go and twirled the extra wire in front of it to make sure it stayed there.  Popped the remaining prop on and went back to the field.  This thing now flies like a champ.  I got about 12 minutes out of it before the engine started to cut out.  Second flight I got around 15 minutes.  Get around 15-17 minutes (depending on amount of gliding I do) now on a regular basis. This plane only needs very small input to steering or you will induce a spiral to the ground.  Trimmed correctly it will fly perfectly strait with or without power and lands on it own with no inputs from the user.  I found this for under $45 through a bargain site (Bargain Blog) and am ordering a couple more since they are so cheap and fly so well.   I'm an old guy and can see where child would have a problem flying this (it's easy to get confused when it's directly overhead or flying at you and many people steer the wrong way and cause a death spiral and crash).  The nice feature of this plane is let go of the controls and it rights itself and glides strait allowing you to get your bearings and get control again.  For those that have a problem with it climbing and wanting to stall you can just apply a little left than right rudder before it stalls and it usually will just power strait again rather than stall.  I had some fun chopping the power at the top of a stall (you need to be flying into a breeze) and then just as soon as it starts to dive applying power and steer it into the wind again and it will almost do a loop.       