 Just recently invested less than 50 bucks to set up a home network using the DI-604 router from D-link. After using it for a while I wanted to unleash my HP Laptop from my office desk in the evening and join the rest of the world outside my basement. I picked up the DI-614+ router and a DWL-650+ wireless card to go with it. Following the instructions carefully I plugged the router in, moved all connections from the old router to the new one and ran the set-up wizard. Everything worked like a charm. All three of my computers worked exactly as they did without any needed changes. Next I installed the DWL-650+ card drivers on my HP PIII laptop (1.06 Ghz, 512 Mb, Win XP). Turned off the laptop, installed the card, turned on the laptop, finished new hardware installation and my instant messenger programs logged on the second the install ended. I am now sitting in my bedroom typing this review. I have the router in the corner of my basement and get no worse than 55% signal strength on the opposite end of my 3 bedroom brick ranch. I also upgraded the firmware from version 1.1 to version 2 on the router just to make sure I get the best performance. I can tell no difference in my speed between the wireless card or having it plugged directly into the router. I have noticed the need on both this router and the DI-604 that the cable modem I have (Toshiba) needs to be turned off and turned back on twice every time the routers are reset or turned off. My Roadrunner speed right now is hovering between 275-320 Kbps. Only issue I have with the thing is the plug is on the side of the transformer and is a space hog on a power strip. I like them alot better when the transformer is in line with the cord and has a regular plug. Overall I'm extremely happy with it!! Update - 2 months later and this router has never lost a connection.  Only time down has been for a power outage during a storm.  Wireless signal is great.  I moved the router more to the center of my basement and fiddled with the location of the antenna's and have fantastic coverage everywher in the house.  I even installed a 230 foot cat5 cable to my parents home and hooked up my dads computer next door with it.  Now have 3 wired computers and my laptop hooked to it without any problems.  I also received my rebates already from D-Link.  Extremely pleased with this product     