 Purchased the T1220 CPU...as part of a system bundle. Completed my system with a FS740 Compaq monitor and Canon S300 printer. This system only comes with 128 MB/RAM so I also picked up a memory upgrade of another 128 MB and because I was going to put this on my home network I needed a network interface card (NIC). Got unit home and opened up unit (very easy two thumb screws remove the side of unit) and popped in the memory module (another simple task that emachines provides instructions for in manual) and popped the network card in (3 PCI slots in this machine one populated with modem so only two open slots available) Turned on machine and memory and NIC were instantly recognized. The Celeron processor running @1.2 GHz is able to run through the majority of games and applications available without a hitch. I was suprised at how good the graphics were with the built in graphics card (Intel direct AGP)that shares system memory up to 11 Megs (another reason for the instant memory upgrade) The Keyboard had good feel and the mouse looks and feels good too! Can't comment on speakers as I didn't use them but they look like cheap run of the mill items (Compaq monitor came with JBL platinum speakers) 56 K modem works well as does the 48x CD-ROM. If you want to add a DVD or CD-RW there is an open expansion bay and instructions in the manual on installing one. Other pluses include 4 USB ports (2-front, 2-back), Game/Midi port, 9 pin serial port and Parallel port. All connections are color coded for ease of identifying. Even has headphone and mic ports on both the front and back. New emachines cases are much better loooking than they used to be as well. Overall a great bargain to get you into a current system with Win/XP. (Make sure you send in your rebates!) Update - Just installed a Pinnacle PC/TV tv tuner. Installed and works fantastic. System still chugging along on our home network. Update 2 - Have installed a logitech clicksmart 310 camera for use as a webcam.  Works great.  Also added a Hi-Val 32x10x40 CD burner.  No problems with burner installed without drivers and works perfect.     