 Here is the License Agreement: Student License You are not entitled to use the Office XP Standard for Students and Teachers software product unless you meet one of the following three criteria:  1. Full or part-time student.  You must be an enrolled student at an accredited K-12 educational institution or higher education institution organized and operated exclusively for the purpose of teaching its students. To be qualified as a student of a higher education institution (an institution requiring its students to have completed their K-12 educational requirements) you must be enrolled and, at the time of your acquisition of the Software Product, carrying at least six credit hours. In order to be considered an accredited institution, the institution must be a public or private K-12 school, vocational school, correspondence school, technical school, scientific school, junior college, college, university or other institution which is both (i) organized and operated exclusively for the purpose of teaching its K-12 or higher education students; and (ii) institutionally accredited by a Regional Institutional Accrediting Agency recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education, including:   Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools  North Central Association of Colleges and Schools  Western Association of Colleges and Schools  Southern Association of Colleges and Schools  New England Association of Colleges and Schools  Northwest Association of Colleges and Schools   Accreditation by a National Institutional or Specialized Accrediting Body alone does not qualify an educational institution as accredited for purposes of determining your status as a Qualified Educational User. 2. Home-schooled student.  You must be a K-12 student, or under the age of eighteen (18), attending to your primary education through a legally recognized home schooling program in your state and either (i) such program belongs to a nationally-recognized home-schooling organization or (ii) you obtain a letter from your local school district which expressly recognizes your home-schooling program as an acceptable alternative to attending an accredited educational institution. 3. Full or part-time faculty or staff of an accredited educational institution.  You must be employed by an accredited educational institution, as defined in Qualification Paragraph 1 above, as faculty or as staff performing administrative duties primarily related to the education of such institution's students, on at least a part-time basis. Part-time shall mean at least twenty hours per week are spent by the user performing such faculty or staff duties.  To determine whether the educational institution which you attend or for whom you work is properly accredited hereunder please contact your educational institution and inquire as to its accreditation status. Erroneous accreditation information obtained from your educational institution shall not be a defense to a charge of non-qualification. So in a nutshell this program is: For noncommercial, educational use only.  For qualified educational users only.  Nonupgradable.  Nontransferable.  Has installation support only.  Has a nonperpetual license that is tied to the eligibility of the user     