 STP grew. What else can you say? The first album was somewhat limited to grunge...this album is different. It still has grunge efforts, but they  have a more extensive range in this one. Buy this CD if only for the  hits: "Interstate Love Song" held it's own with the group's other  SUPER hit "Plush" from "Core." ILS stayed number one on  the charts for 17 weeks and is one of the most known songs of the 90s. The  same can be said about "Plush" and it could take hours to figure  out which one really was the bigger hit...however any group that could  produce two songs that were so damn popular deserve to be in the hall of  fame. Two other smash hits on this one: "Vasoline," a simple  but excellent grunge anthem that secured STP's success, and "Big  Empty," the song everyone would know from "The Crow"  soundtrack. "Big Empty" is the better of the two...and I would  bet my LIFE that anyone would recognize it in the first five seconds of the  song. The cool slide guitar work and mysterious lyrics secured The Crow's  platinum status. Topping that off with one of the catchiest choruses of all  time, "Big Empty" is reason enough to by any album. Thankfully,  this album trimmed the filler from "Core." In the grunge  category, there is "Meatplow," a wonderful rocker with cool but  meaningless lyrics, and "Lounge Fly" which kinda sounds like  Alice In Chains in its own weird way. Alternative rockers are the  majority here: "Still Remains" is a preview of the mysticism  that would be all over their next (better) release, "Tiny  Music..." while the same can be said about "Pretty Penny"  and their latest release, No. 4. "Silvergun Superman" is one of  STP's finest tunes, and is basic rock and roll that could have been  released in the 70s. It's chorus is classic STP...incredibly catchy, even  to the harshest critic. "Unglued" is a groovy alt-rocker that  was actually a minor hit with FM radio. Scott's lyrics really fit the mood  of the music ("Moderation is masturbation, what is what and what makes  you feel good?") and it will leave you wanting more. Such comes with  "Army Ants," with it's mysterious opening and catchy riffs it is  also one of the best STP songs ever recorded. The solo is  amazing. Surprisingly the only one I'm not crazy about is the final song,  "Kitchenware and Candybars." The lyrics are good, the guitar is  so-so, but it seems to repetetive to match up with the rest of the  album. Although the critical acceptance didn't come until their next  album (which is far more ambitious and original than this one), this was  the height of their popularity, selling nine million copies and containing  some of the biggest hits of the 90s.     