 ...heavy metal band of all time. Period. This, their first album in ten years, is another classic from those Oyster Boys from New York. Here we have Eric Bloom and Donal Roeser on vocals and guitar, and Allen Lanier  of course on keyboards. The real discovery here is Chuck Burgi and Daniel  Miranda, taking over the Bouchard rythm sections. It's kinda not right  without Albert Bouchard, who is undoubtadly the most active member in Blue  Oyster Cult history, but we must do.  Now, onto the songs: "See  you in Black" opens with a BANG and totally blew me away. I dont  really like John Shirley's lyrics, but the theme is good anyways. Very  heavy song for BOC. "Harvest Moon" is another classic solo  effort from Donald "Buck Darma" Roeser, who is responsible for  all of Blue Oyster Cult's huge readio successes (the big three). He penned  "Dont Fear the Reaper" and "Godzilla" on his own, and  shared writing effort with Richard Metzler on "Burnin' For you."  The only radio hit Roeser took no role in was "Goin' Through the  Motions" (an Eric Bloom solo) "Power Underneath Dispair"  is another good one, and I really like the lyrics here. Classic  BOC. "X-Ray Eyes" has some of those psychedelic lyrics that BOC  has been known for throughout the years. I bet you no one in the metal  scene today, even James Hetfield or Dave Mustaine, could think of lyrics  that cool. "Hammer Back" is a classic.  Period. "Damaged" see hammer back. "Cold Gray Light of  Dawn" is one of my favorites on the album, opening with a great solo  and sounds like a rock and roll masterpiece from the 80s. Really good stuff  in this song. "Real World" is my favorite on the album. I  really love the guitar, it sounds like they distorted an acoustic. The  lyrics are good as well and Roeser's voice is perfect. "Live For  Me" is a VERY, VERY good song and I found myself listening to it over  and over again.  "Still Burnin'" Another classic. A heavier  song from BOC and I really enjoyed Eric's rythm guitar work  here. "In Thee" is the only Lanier penned song on the album and  its from the older days of BOC. But it's a live playing to a small crowd  and is acoustic-only (none of the drums or guitar solo) but its a really  good close to an excellent album. Do not heisitate to get this album. I  listen to it many times a day. The songs "Real Word", "Cold  Gray Light of Dawn" and "Harvest Moon" are not only the best  on this album, but they are three of the best Blue Oyster Cult songs of all  time.  In case anyone is wondering, the best BOC songs are as follows  (according to me anyways): Buck's Boogie (D. Roeser) 7 Screaming  Dizbusters (A. Bouchard/J. Bouchard/D. Roeser) We Gotta Get OUt of This  Place (BOC) ETI (D. Roeser) Dont Fear the Reaper (D.  Roeser) Dominance and Submission (A. Bouchard/E. Bloom) Transmaniacon  MC (A. Bouchard/D. Roeser/E. Bloom) Real World (D. Roeser) Godzilla (D.  Roeser) Death Valley Nights (It REALLY is good) (A. Bouchard) Burnin'  For You (D. Roeser/R. Metzler) Cold Gray Light of Dawn (E. Bloom/D.  Roeser) Stairway to the Stars (A. Bouchard/D. Roeser) Harvest Moon (D.  Roeser) Cities on Flame (D. Roeser/A. bouchard) Take Me Away (E.  Bloom/A. Nova) and of course the immortal Astronomy written by the  Bouchard brothers. (I know I didnt include Pearlman in any of the songs but  he has done NOTHING for BOC and he takes credit for everything they do) If  ANY BOC fans would like to share their favs with me I am at  corndweller@hotmail.com     