 With "Bleach," you were living through Kurt Cobain's grungy, unstable Seattle life. With "Nevermind," complex issues were addressed and Nirvana hit it big (or huge).  "In Utero" to me  is pretty much a backlash at the media. There are some radio friendly songs  on here, but even those seem like they would hurt the average pop  listener's ears. This can be proven when looking at the static-filled solos  (particularly the one in "Serve the Servants), the frenetic pacing of  some of the songs, or the fact that the music is so heavy it sometimes  drowns Cobain's voice out completely. This is my second favorite Nirvana  album. "Nevermind" was so great, so classic, so heartfelt...that  nothing the band could do would match it (for me, at least). However, this  is great in a different way, and as anyone could tell from listening to the  bands that debuted after this album (for instance, Bush), this was the most  influencial record of 1993.  Standouts include the following: Serve the  Servants is a great, instantly catchy album opener. The lyrics are among  some of Kurt's best (as he later said they were about his father), and the  riff is irrestable. A great solo for grunge fans. Heart Shaped Box is the  biggest hit off of the album. A depressing, solemn musical masterpiece  coupled with empathetic, regretful lyrics prove to be a winner here.  Instantly recognizable from anyone who owned a radio in 1993. Rape Me is  also a huge hit from the album. The riff is standard but great, and  Cobain's angst filled lyrics against the decieving music business are  perfect for the music. Dumb is an acoustic number. It has a melodic cello  in the bridge with some good bass lines by Chris Novaselic as Cobain spouts  out lines of contradictions and hangovers. One of the more listener  friendly tracks. Very Ape has a cool lead throughout the stabbing guitar  riff, and is a definate return to the pre-Nevermind era.  Pennyroyal Tea  is another listener friendly cut, but what's so great about it is the  standard slow song melody is met with strange Grunge lyrics from Kurt, so  to sort of creep out any bandwagoner fan. Much better than a later version  done on "MTV Unplugged." Tourette's is similar to that of  "Territorial Pissings" from Nevermind. It's about a minute and  twenty seconds of pure noise, and yet it's still somehow...you know,  awesome! A great concept for a punk song. The album closes with All  Apologies, the second most recognizable track from this CD. Lyrics of mourn  and regret are sufficient for the great guitar riff, and Kurt sounds  remarkably similar to *gasp* John Lennon in his final lines..."All in  all is all we are." Sounds much like Lennon's "Working Class  Hero," and the angst is there as well. Grohl's backup vocals help a  lot here, sounding similar to that of Staley/Cantrell's harmonies (of the  fellow Seattle grunge group Alice In Chains). A great closer. All in all  those songs make the album much more than worth your money. The group  followed up on Nevermind very carefully...they didn't alienate the audience  it brought to them, but it wasn't poppish enough to be considered a sellout  album. This, perhaps for the first time, mixed real punk rock/grunge with  the mainstream...and it worked. 1. Serve The Servants (A-) 2. Scentless  Apprentice (C+) 3. Heart-Shaped Box (A) 4. Rape Me (A-) 5. Frances Farmer  Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle (C) 6. Dumb (A) 7. Very Ape (B+) 8. Milk  It (C) 9. Pennyroyal Tea (B+) 10. Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (C+) 11.  Tourette's (B) 12. All Apologies (A)     