 This album contained more recognizable hit singles than any debut should be allowed to have. It showed STP's promise that would soon be fulfilled  with later albums like "Purple" and "Tiny Music..."  along with "No. 4". Sure they were passed off as Pearl Jam  wannabes, but then again this album sold as many copies as Pearl jam's  debut and yeilded more hits than that of "Ten" (released a year  before this). Though they deny the term "grunge," this is a  Grunge album. To their credit, this is the only grunge album they  made...even "Purple" contained songs that were more Alternative  than Grunge. This one, though, certainly is... Onto the review: unless  you were nowhere near a radio throughout the past 8 years, you'll recognize  the hits on this album within seconds. "Plush" is arguably the  best, most known STP song ever. It's so catchy it's disturbing...the lyrics  and harmonies blend in with catchy guitar chords, extraordinary bass and a  Bonham-esque drum line. If this were the only good song on  "Core," the CD would still have 5 stars. Really, people...it's  that good. But there are more. While the lyrics to "Sex Type  Thing" and "Creep" are among the most famous words of the  last decade, the hooks are just as well. Tell me you've never heard  "I'm half the man I used to be" and I'll say you're lying.  Equally known are the songs "Dead and Bloated" and "Wicked  Garden"...making this a CD with 5 HUGE radio hits. The rest isn't  half bad, either..."No Memory" and "Sin" go as well  together as Pink Floyd's "Brain Damage/Eclipse." "Naked  Sunday" are some of the only STP lyrics you could understand at a  glance without interpreting them yourself..."Piece of Pie" is a  nice but not-to-noteworthy grunge rocker..."Crackerman" isn't the  best or worst STP song by far..."Where the River Goes" is a good  closer. Inexcusable filler of the album award goes to: "Wet My  Bed." Either that's Weiland's attempt at creating a Jim Morrison-esque  piece for his album (even Weiland said he was worried people would say he  was a Jim wannabe because he was listening to a lot of Doors music at the  time), or it is just there to make the CD longer. Either way, I doubt it's  at the top of any STP fan's "favorite list." BUY THIS CD!  It  is well worth the money. It went on to sell almost ten million copies,  coming close to matching "Nirvana" and "Pearl Jam"  while surpassing "Alice In Chains" and "Soundgarden" by  far...it's funny, because critics saying "STP were wannabes of those  bands" surely didn't show.  However, do not make this your only STP  CD. They have improved on each one so far, and by now "Core" is  just a sample of how great their other albums went on to be.     