 This album is so complex, so riveting, so inexplicitly mysterious...it is impossible to put into words. I know a lot of people say Morrison was such a burn-out, he had nothing going for him, blah blah. Jim Morrison  tested at genius levels in High School. His poetry seemed illiterate and  self-indulgent to those who were not smart anough, and were too blunt, to  understand his poetry.  Jim's voice is soothing and relaxing at times,  and howls in rage at others.  Moving on to the musical section of the  Doors, Ray Manzarek, possibly the best keyboardist in the history of rock  and roll, bursts into melodic leads throughout and makes the songs truly  wonderful. Robby Krieger, the most creative member of the doors and  really the best bottleneck/flamenco guitarist ever, leads a chaotic and  enjoyable second hand to Manzarek's keyboards. Robby's near FIVE MINUTE  jazz solo in "Light My Fire" pretty much sums it up. This guy can  play. John Densmore is without a doubt the most unrecognized drummer in  Rock and Roll history. He plays Latin and Jazz beats, and is never above  adding in an excellent drum lead-in at the end of a riff. His playing is  extraordinary on "The End" but really he is majorly responsible  for the songs being as good as they are. Being a drummer myself, I know  John wasnt fond of playing the bass drum, but he definately makes up for it  in his snair/single tom beats. Every song on this CD is perfect. From the  bassy guitar opening to "Break On Through," to the pop-charm of  "Twentieth Century Fox," this CD has it all. Songs about deep,  depressing aspects in life ("End of the Night" and "The  End") to songs that include Morrison poetry ("The Crystal  Ship" and "Soul Kitchen") to those simple pop songs about  girls that were trademark sixties ("Twentieth Century Fox,"  "I Looked at You" and "Light My Fire"). There is Jazz  solos (such as in "Light My Fire"), and some excellent blues  (such as "Back Door Man"). Nothing can compare to this album.   Here now are my favorite studio Doors CDs, in order: The Doors The  Doors/LA WOMAN The Doors/STRANGE DAYS The Doors/THE SOFT PARADE (very  under-rated) The Doors/WAITING FOR THE SUN The Doors/MORRISON  HOTEL Although EVERY SINGLE Doors CD is great. Let me tell you this: The  Doors never did a bad song. They will forever be remembered as the GODS of  60s Rock and Roll. Forget The Beatles. Forget The Stones. Forget Jopplin.  They were all great bands, but they were poster boys. Jim Morrison's lyrics  were real, they had emotion. This music is truly something sacred,  unmatched by all immitators.  "There are things known and things  unknown, and in between are the doors." -Jim Morrison     