 I got into the Kottonmouth Kings about a year ago. The first song I heard of their's was "Dog's Life", and since it sounded so much like Sublime (one of my favorite bands), I bought their first album. Let me first say that I hate about 95% of rap. I've heard it all, underground rap, rock rap, pop rap, all the rap you can think of. Nothing against the people who like it, I just really can't stand much of it. But these guys can do it. I never thought I would like any group that had so many rap elements, but they changed my mind. I do love punk rock though, and there is enough in KMK to keep me satisfied. Though there is no "Spies" on this album, there is still enough here. "Peace Not Greed" features Jack Grisham of TSOL singing "Abolish government...it's nothing to me...forget about God...he's not here to see..." As Daddy X said, "that's punk rock history right there." Lots of KMK fans do not like this one because Saint left. Saint, okay, he was alright, but he was not the only thing good about Kottonmouth Kings early stuff. And as far as now, I think Johnny Richter absolutely blows him away. Saint's not forgotten, but he isn't missed, as far as I'm concerned. This album is much better than Royal Highness, which was a great album in itself. The cool thing about KMK is each member brings something different. Brad Xavier ("Daddy X") is the punk rocker, the crazy guy. He's not as present in the songs as the other MCs, but he's still there. "D-Loc" (Dustin Miller) is the straight up rap guy. He's got a cool voice and writes great lyrics. Johnny Richter is the slow-tempo guy, he's got great flow and is laid back and trippy on most of the stuff here. Too Rude (Dog Boy) brings the reggae influences to the forefront on the songs he's in, and Spike X ("Corporate Avenger") is all about anarchy and inspirational speeches. DJ Bobby B and Lou Dog are a perfect musical section for this band. Wether the Kings are doing punk-funk-rap (Here We Go Again), punk rock (Peace Not Greed), trippy inspirationals (We The People), rap-metal (Crucial), or straight up hip hop (King's Blend), they can do no wrong here. These guys are tremendously talented and intelligent, and much more original than most critics give them credit for. Wether you're looking for a group that is intelligent in their exposing of the lies in society or a group that just wants to lay back and enjoy the weed, you can't go wrong with KMK. If you're into this, check out Brad X's old punk rock group Humble Gods (you might be surprised how truly great this band was), Corporate Avenger's new album, and anything with Too Rude.     