 Nirvana changed music as we know it. Now that I said that, I want to get on to the songs before I talk about Cobain as a guitarist/songwriter. 01-Smells Like Teen Spirit: This, as you should  know, is a very good and well written song, with lots of genuine anger and  energy.  02-In Bloom: A very good song as well, with funny lyrics and a  nice bassline as well. This song is easy listening for grunge and punk  fans, I liked it upon first listen. 03-Come As You Are: Another radio hit  from this album, with trippy music and lyrics; really psychedelic and cool,  I found myself listening to this song over and over. Among the best lyrics  Cobain has ever written. 04-Breed: An absolute joy to hear, I just cannot  get enough of this song. The verses are so so, but the chorus absolutely  ROCKS. 05-Lithium: The third radio hit from this album, with good lyrics  and sounds just like your average grunge hit...sounds a lot like those  posers Bush. 06-Polly: A nice acoustic balance, easy listening even for  those who do not like Grunge; Cobain's voice is perfect in this one,  too. 07-Territorial Pissings: IMO the best song on the album, it  literally JUMPS out at you and speeds up more and more until the final  crash. Though the song is short, the lyrics are great and the music is  heavy as hell. 08-Drain You: My second favorite from this album, a bit  more tame but no less Nirvana than any of their other stuff, nothing bad  here at all. 09-Longe Act: A very good alternative hit and the FOURTH  radio hit from this album, the lyrics are excellent and it is as catchy as  any pop song. 10-Stay Away: A good song, but the album's only weak point.  Even though it is a good song, it simply cannot hold up to the other  ones. 11-On a Plain: A narcissistic song by Cobain that is as catchy as  any of their stuff, and rocks all the way. Definately a high point, no  question. 12-Something in the Way: The work of a true poet, really an  incredible ballad...Cobain's voice needed a bit of work on it, but it's  still great. 13-Hidden Song: An ANGRY song by the Nirv and IMO is  excellent to jam to. Overall, this album is damn near perfect.  Now  onto Cobain...he may not have been the GREATEST guitarist ever, but at  least he played solos (even with their simplicity) as opposed to a group  like Korn, who relies on power chords. Cobain is a good singer for a grunge  band, too. No, he wasnt the greatest, but he was very good. Another  standout is David Grohi, one of the best drummers in the past 20 years. He  can REALLY play well, even if he does overdo somethings sometimes. He  deserves a lot of credit for the songs being so good.     