 We had George Eliot, the Bronte sisters and Jane Austen to give us exquisitely memorable characters and now we have Ann Packer. She not only gives us characters such as the main character, Carrie, who is the first person narrator but Carrie's two lovers, Mike and Kilroy. Don't forget the rest of the cast. All of them are unforgettable. I am still imagining them a week after I finished the novel, something which is the test of a good book. Kilroy says at one point, when Carrie is worrying about the age old question of "loves me, loves me not" that he was just "blown away" by her (this from a cynical man who isn't blown away by anything until then). I thought to myself, "I'm blown away by her too. I'm in love!" In love with Carrie the character and Ann Packer, the writer.  Ann has it all as a writer. Not only does she get her characters and her dialogue down pat but she also has smell, sight, taste and sound all just right. I have walked around Manhattan just like Carrie has and I have visited Madison, Wisconsin, Carrie's home town. Ann Packer's place descriptions are as real as the cities themselves.  Oh, the story. I almost forgot about the story in savoring the characters and the places sentence by sentence.  The story is so true to life, I ached from watching the events unfold. It is a page turner but different from a crime novel page turner. There is more at stake here. Old fashioned things like love, honor, duty, morality, goodness are all up for grabs in this story but all of them are put down there in the details of the story. Ann Packer resists the temptation to preach. She lets her characters speak for themselves and she does the same thing with her story. This story unfolds by itself with the same brutal honesty Carrie has about herself.   I liked the ending. I liked everything about this book. It's going to be on my Christmas list for all kinds of people.  Thank you, Ann, for working so very hard on this book. I hope you do the same for your next and your next and your next.     