 Flannery O'Connor and Oscar Casares have more in common than being great artists. Both of them came through the prestigious Iowa Writer's Workshop. Both of them would be labeled regional writers. Flannery's characters inhabit the white southern Bible belt. Oscar's people, Anglos and Mexicans alike, live in the city of Brownsville, Texas, on the border, Oscar's home town.   Their resemblance to each other continues all the way through to the fact that I read their stories over and over and see something new and wonderful every time I do.  In his "Acknowledgements," Mr. Casares says, "And Cristal showed me the good that comes from love and patience." And Oscar, in his stories, shows us the good that comes from love and patience. Love and patience are what Flannery O'Connor shows us. In her case, the love and patience comes always from God. Grace is everywhere in her stories and so, too, is grace everywhere in "Brownsville." What Richard Giannone says of Flannery O'Connor can also be said of Casares: "The yearning for ultimate meaning always runs beneath the surface, erupting in ways unbelievers do not or cannot acknowledge."  Of course neither of these authors preach about grace. They invent authentic characters and sit back and watch. We watch with them. And listen with them. Both have uncanny ears for dialogue and the sharpest eyes around for the telling detail.  In one story, "Mrs. Perez," "[the new bride on her honeymoon in the photo] wore the nervous smile of a young woman who has just realized that she's boarded the wrong train." His stories take us to a fireworks stand just outside Brownsville, the front yards of an Anglo and a Mexican-American across from each other, a bridge over a Brownsville resaca where "letting go" takes on several different meanings, a back yard on a dark night where an old man from "the other side" confronts one tall tree after another, noisy carnival rides past a boy's bedtime, the sneaky burial of a dog, the homecoming of a young husband full of beer, the warm bed of a yearning adolescent with Dallas Cowboy pillows and covers, and in the last story, believe it or not, a black bowling ball speeding down the aisle of a Jiffy-Mart.   In each story he affirms the pull of divine grace. Without Flannery O'Connor I might not have spotted this, but I still would have enjoyed the stories. Enjoying his stories, I am sure, was Mr. Caceres' intention, but I wouldn't put it past him to have the same vision as Flannery O'Connor's.  I can hardly wait for his next book.     