 This is an honest attempt at scholarship into an area of human rights not  often explored:  the persecution of religious people around the world,  sometimes by other religious people, simply because of religious belief.    Reading this as a Catholic, however,  I was struck by its anti-Catholic  tone.  According to Paul Marshall, there is religious persecution going on  world-wide and evangelical Christians seem to bear the brunt of it.  This  religious persecution is carried out by every religion under the sun -  except, curiously enough, evangelical Christians.  There are stories from  all over the world, stories enough to accuse the author of anecdotal  research only, instead of convincing data.  I also noticed another weakness  in the book, which must come from the author's bias.  He defines religion  only as it is defined by evangelical Christians. He doesn't consider the  Catholic martyrs in Central America, such as the six Jesuits, their  housekeeper and her daughter, as victims of  religious persecution.  To  most of us Catholics, they are martyrs and their blood, too, cries out.   (We are called Roman Catholics in this book.)  Mr. Marshall considers  liberation theology as outside of his definition of religion. I also think  he over-simplifies the persecution of Protestants in Chiapas by the  Catholic majority. In Chiapas, as in other places,  people often view  Protestants as foreign, and aligned with the powers of oppression, apart  from any of their religious beliefs.  Among many Catholics here in the  States, it was widely believed during the long agony of El Salvador that  the Reagan administration strongly  favored Protestant missionizing efforts  in order to Americanize and pacify Indian and peasant populations. They  deliberately subverted liberation theology whenever they could.  This led  to a climate in which Arcbishop Romero could be assassinated, as well as  the four Catholic women church workers raped and murdered by Salvadoran  troops in 1980. They were clearly religious martyrs but the  position of  the Reagan administration and apparently Mr. Marshall, was that they were  "political" and "in the way."  The four women chose to  stay with the Salvadoran poor and for that they died. To many of us who are  not evangelical Christians, that was a profoundly religious act and  dangerous enough to attract martyrdom at the time.  Another Catholic martyr  not mentioned, Father Stanley Rother in Guatemala, said one time that  "to shake the hand of an Indian is a political act."  I can think  of nothing more religious myself.     