 This is about the 4th version of Drive Image that I've run over the last few years and it is easily the most impressive. I upgraded from Drive Image 5 to DI 7 a few weeks ago and have been steadily wowed by the new version. Backups I've made with this software have now saved me twice -- once when I got a little too zealous with some file cleanup efforts, and once when an major software update failed in the middle.  In both cases, I simply restored my previously saved backup image and within minutes everything was fine again. The single most important new feature is the ability to backup and restore while XP is active so you have easy access to network drives, USB drives, SCSI drives, full DMA support, etc -- all items that used to be problematic when backing up under DOS in previous versions. The DMA support (under Windows) and the new version boosted my backup speeds from one hard drive to another from 140MB/min to about 750MB/min.  It's astonishing -- a 4 gigabyte backup takes 3 minutes on my 1.7ghz P4 machine with 2 IDE hard drives! DI7 now has the ultimate backup feature that I've been lusting after for many years -- unattended scheduling of backups.  Previous versions allowed for backups to be scheduled but they had to be done when Windows wasn't active, or they couldn't include the system drive.  Both restrictions are gone with this version -- simply set up a backup schedule and the Drive Image service will "wake up" and perform your backup with the OS active, whether you are logged in or not.  All you have to do is clear off some hard drive space on another drive, sit back, and your drive will just automatically back itself up!  Fabulous! Some of the other posters have touched on the downsides to the software -- DI is sensitive to the type of drives you are using -- it has limits with size and type (no Serial ATA yet, according to another poster).  Previous versions were limited to 120GB drives, this one is limited to 160GB drives (I believe).  Plenty big enough for me but it's something to be aware of. I was a little surprised initially when I went to restore my backed up system drive because I had to restart the system and boot off the DI 7 CD -- but this makes sense as you wouldn't want to wipe out the disk image of your currently running system drive.  That would be a bit like sawing off the tree limb that you're standing on -- it's hard to fault PowerQuest for this. I also encountered a minor bug when backing up a drive to a CD after turning on the "maximum compression" setting -- it got to the final stages of burning the CD and then reported that an "unknown exception" had occurred.  The problem vanished when I repeated this at the "default compression" setting. I highly recommend this software.  This has been the most exciting software upgrade for me for the last year -- way to go PowerQuest!     