 I just bought the Garmin 2620 a few weeks ago and wanted to share my initial impressions.  I'll come back later and update this review when I've given the unit some serious highway time.  All in all, my initial experiences have been pretty good.  I've used the unit for several weeks now in a variety of city and occassional highway driving in mostly familiar places.  It will get you to where you're going but you have to watch it closely as it makes some odd calls from time to time.  I was a bit shocked when I first saw the unit -- I simply couldn't believe how small it was and couldn't believe the display was big enough to be useful.  A bit of playing with the unit in the car dispelled that notion -- it's big enough when the unit is close to you on the dash and small enough to fit in your coat pocket when you need to transport it.  The temporary beanbag mount works pretty well -- it'll stay put in reasonably hard cornering, but in an accident the GPS unit could become a 1 pound bullet loose in your car cabin.  Fortunately more permanent mounts are included.  I was a bit disappointed by the age of the maps -- for example, many connecting streets to my home street aren't in the maps although the streets have been there now for about 3 years.  (Yes, I have the very latest maps and firmware, I checked).  Similarly, any areas where there has been construction in the last few years (ramp added, etc) is likely to result in bad directions.  The most irritating thing about this unit is its tendency to pin the instructions as to when to turn centered in the middle of the intersection.  This seems reasonable until you realize that it may be off by 400-500 feet if a ramp is required to get you to the middle of the intersection.  Earlier today, it told me I had .5 mile to go to a turn but the ramp to the turn was 100' in front of me.  (It was a .5 mile long freeway ramp).  This is annoying -- you really have to pay attention to what it's telling you and reconcile this with the road signs -- sometimes if you blindly follow its instructions you'll miss your turns.  (And it will then have you backtrack -- you won't get lost, but it's annoying).  Occassionaly the unit will pick REALLY ODD ways of traversing roads to get you to your destinations.  Twice now it's picked wild circular routes to get me to a certain street when that street is easily accessible in a much more direct fashion.    If you really want to see how accurate this unit is, stick to familiar areas and deliberately drive off course and see what suggestions it makes.  Last week when I was on a northbound feeder road (a parallel road to the highway), it told me to take a left turn onto a street accessible only from the southbound feeder road.  This would have required jumping the car over the highway to make the turn.  Speed Racer would be proud of that move.  :)  I've been focusing on the negative aspects of the unit -- there are many positive aspects.  It WILL get you to your destination.  The touch screen is very nice and very readable in direct sun or at night (and everything between).  The fact that there are no maps that need to be unlocked is wonderful.  The unit is fairly easy to use although mastering it will take a bit of practice and a pass or two through the users guide.   Initial impressions -- this thing works and is a lot of fun but it's not perfect.  It consistently gets high praise in the magazines and by customers and at a pricepoint in the low 800's (after rebate), it seems like a pretty reasonable deal.  1/27/05 update -- I've had the 2620 for several months now and have taken it on several long highway trips, as well as used it to navigate deep into a big city.  I'm still quite satisfied.  It's a blast to have this on long highway trips -- it is enormously cool to watch yourself move across a state map in real time.  As mentioned before, this unit will occassionaly pick some weird routes to destinations, but it will get you there and it's enormously fun to have.  I was thinking I'd need to quickly get an external antenna, but have never had the need as it has never lost its satellite signal (except for when I was delayed by traffic under an overpass).  Buy it -- you'll like it.  Shop around for price -- there are enormous price variations on this unit!  (I bought mine for about $500 under what Best Buy was selling the unit for).     