 After owning a near $400 Canon S900 and having the printhead totally die in less than 1.5 years, I thought the last thing I wanted was another Canon. I thought I would give Canon another try, with a newer model, and buy off of Amazon versus retail. Verdict is - I saved a ton of money versus retail, and this new Canon i860 is a dream come true for an avid printer! It creates the most BEAUTIFUL, CLEAR, and VIVID color photos I've ever seen - even compared to a photo lab! I use an Olympus C5060 5MP camera with this printer, and it couldn't be a better pair!    After getting this printer, I reprinted all the photos that my S900 botched with it's faulty printhead. We didn't print photos for months because we thought "we'll fix it or clean it soon" A half year passed, and it was time for a new printer. It'd be more expensive to fix my old printer, than it would be to buy this one!!     My reprinted photos look wonderful, the zoo pictures have beautiful colors, the nature pictures have vivid green bushes and trees and blue skies, and the people pictures look flawless - skin color reproduction is clear. I bought 4 packs of Canon Photo Paper Glossy 4X6 and reprinted almost every picture I had that meant something.     I especially like the SEPERATE 4X6 photo tray - very handy. My previous S900 required me to take out the 8X11 paper every time I wanted to print 4X6, and slide a lever over. How annoying! With the 4X6 tray, it always stays in front of the 8X11 paper, and you switch the dial from "print" for 4X6 to "Remove". Remove means it just raises the tray so the printer uses 8X11 paper instead.     VERY EASY SETUP - absolutely love this printer- SWEET deal! After a $50 promotional gift certificate from Amazon, a $30 rebate, and discounts, this printer will cost me thirty two dollars. How crazy is that!     Since I bought the printer, I noticed Amazon offered it at a lower price, TWICE. I asked for both differences from Amazon and was given credit! THANK YOU AMAZON for your wonderful customer service. :-)    Buy this printer, it will NOT let you down!!     