 I just bought this ice cream maker (Cuisinart ICE-20) and it was a nice surprise to see the ice cream it produces!  I got the promotional deal that just ended where you get a free $30 1.5 qt. replacment bowl - what a steal!  & Free shipping, how can you go wrong!? This is how the ice cream making process works plain and simple: 1.) freeze the freezer bowl for a minimum of 8 hours, the longer you freeze it the better.  I'd say 24 hours would be best.  The more frozen and cold the bowl is the better ice cream you'll get.   2.) When the bowl's completely frozen (shake it and it should be silent), start your ice cream mixture preparation.  It usually takes 5 minutes to make the mixture (of course it's going to be liquid - it usually includes sugar, heavy cream, milk, vanilla etc). 3.) Take the frozen bowl out of your freezer, put it on the ice cream maker, insert the handle/scraper, turn on the machine, put your mixture in the machine, and put a timer on or make note of the time. 25-30 minutes later your ice cream will be ready.  If you wanted to add nuts, fruit etc, you do that in the last 5 minutes.   Pros: Easy to use, easy to clean, no ice/salt required (too messy!), quickly makes ice cream after bowl is frozen, great tasting ice cream, you know you're not eating nasty preservaties etc, easy to make at home when you need it (always keep these staple ingredients on hand though!) Cons:  You really can't be in a rush when you make ice cream, something we early figured out.  The bowl really has to be completely frozen, as eager as you may be, it just won't work if you do it to early AND it'll waste your ingredients.    Also, the ice cream comes out not as hard as your typical ice cream from the store (just freeze the ice cream - more waiting, yes!) for 2 to 3 hours and it'll be just like your typical ice cream (this isn't a con of the machine, it's more a con of store bought ice cream and how they add too many preservatives).  You really need 2 freezer bowls if you're making ice cream often.  Keep one frozen while the other one's in use or being washed.   Another con - recently tried the chocolate fudgesicle ice cream recipe they give you - total flop.  Stick to the recipes under "basic ice cream" for best results.  Slushies turned out well, but next time I'll add sugar.  I guess those 7-11 slushies have a ton of sugar in them!   Also, be prepared to buy an ice cream recipe book, as the manual only includes a dozen or so recipes. If you have egg allergies, make sure you don't try the decadent ice cream recipes - they normally include eggs! So far our ice cream has turned out great - best of all  "Strawberry", and we tried Regular coke slushies (you can't use diet/sugar free soda)...that also turned out well.   Overall, GREAT buy at a great price!  If there's a promotion going on that gives you a free freezer bowl, MAKE SURE YOU GET IT, read the entire page!   Good luck and happy ice cream making! :-)     