 When you live in the somewhat uptight, conservative and straightlaced environment of the LDS (Mormon) lifestyle, you get used to musical arrangements similar to what you typically hear from "Craig and the MoTabs" (Craig Jessup and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, otherwise known as "America's Choir"). Know what I mean? So square, it's almost cubic -- and I confess I love that sound too. I can listen to it for extended periods.  But when Gladys Knight joined the Church a few years back, she brought a wonderful legacy with her -- the African American Gospel Music sound, and she wasted no time blending it into "our" culture. "The Saints United Voices" is a 100 voice choir of Latter-day Saint members from the Las Vegas area that she has been instrumental in training in this wonderful exciting sound, and, my goodness, has she ever nailed it!  If you're looking for an album of Gladys singing with choral do-wop background, or a 100 voice "Pips" backup, this isn't it. This is an album consisting of a flowing declaration of faith expressed in music -- and believe me, it touches the heart from the first ten seconds all the way to the very end.  Hear me? this is GOSPEL. Gladys is sharing her religious feelings and belief thrugh this album, and if you're not comfortable with that concept, well, I'm sure she won't be offended if you choose to look elsewhere. However if you are a person of faith -- regardless of your affilliation, Christian, Muslim, Jew, Buddhist -- you name it, I promise you will feel a spirit flowing from this remarkable recording that is all too rare among recordings being offered these days.   For me, the most unexpected experiences were to hear familiar LDS hymns sung (well) with a gospel beat, and to love the result. Come, Come Ye Saints, Love One Another, I Am A Child of God all get a new look that I would personally not try, but will play over and over to enjoy hearing.  Gladys's closing rendition of He Lives is a fitting personal testimony to seal the album. I bought an extra copy to give to a good personal friend -- the pastor of the Ebenezer Baptist Church in my home town -- I know he'll love it too!     