 People who really enjoy books fall into two primary categories. There are those of us who revel in the enjoyment of the content, be it a novel or a treatise on the mating habits of African bees. For such a book we will happily sit for hours with an old and battered paperback whose pages have become brittle and brown as an inheritance of their high acid content paper. Perhaps some of us who cherish such books will eschew paperbacks on principle, on the grounds that their very nature is too transitory, and a good book is a book worth passing along for another to enjoy.  Thw second group of us who enjoy books, do so for their very physical nature. We enjoy beautiful text with well chosen fonts, suitable illustrations, and a binding that is worthy of these characteristics. Such volumes are often offered by publishers as sets of the 100 Best ..., bound in leather, printed on acid-free paper, with moire end papers, and gold leaf around the outside of the pages. Handling such a book is as much a sensory experience as an intellectual one.  Valerie Kirschenbaum, in her experience teaching Elementary School in the Bronx was confronted by a student's question: "How come our books are not in color like they used to be?" For some such a question might be passed off as a trivial interruption, but for Ms. Kirschenbaum it was the trigger for what has become a veritable apotheosis. You or I might have answered with something simplistic about costs of printing, and school budgets. Ms. Kirschenbaum's reaction was one of "Why not?" and this extraordinary volume was born.  Some books may be picked up, opened, read from cover to cover, and filed away. Some are designed as references into which we may dip for the jewels of knowledge we seek. Occasionally one comes into our hands that must be savored like a fine wine, in tiny sips as we are suffused with the essence of what we have just experienced. Goodbye Gutenberg is such a book.  When you first receive it in your hands, you are taken by the dustcover. At once baroque and modern, a melding of ancient calligraphy and ornamentation and decoration to match with the odd feeling that this was a picture of a computer screen -- complete with all the toolbar elements along the top.   The very feel of the dustcover is different, smooth and inviting. And when you can resist the invitation no longer, and open the cover you are met with an artistic explosion of light and color and sheer typographic eye candy -- and this is just the end paper. You know instinctively that this is going to be something good -- and it is.  Ms. Kirschenbaum has done the thing that needed to be done. She did what Johann Gutenberg did over a half century earlier -- she put the old prejudices aside and decided to start all over again from scratch. Gutenberg implemented the system of moveable type. In one form or another that was worked for us for a goodly time. Ms. Kirschenbaum determined that her computer and the software and resources available to it contained everything needed to create the book she envisioned, and in a staggeringly short two years, she has brought it into existence.  The other reviewers here have gone into some detail regarding the content of the book, I have endeavored to communicate its essence. If you can possibly acquire a copy of the first edition of this book, my sense is that you may want to hang on to it and guard it carefully. I can forsee the time in a not too distant future when this volume will be to publishing what the Gutenberg Bible was in its day, and you will be the proud posessor of the vanguard of that publishing renaissance.     