 Lately it has been my fate to read a pastiche of novels ranging from the passable to the, frankly, awful. I have enjoyed some, struggled with others. I have reached a point of despairing for an author who understands plot, character development, and the technique of involving the reader in the story.   In "I Am Charlotte Simmons", Tom Wolfe manages to prove his skills at all these. His style is different from the traditional novelist, and I can see how some readers would find it disquieting. In a way parts of it are more reminiscent of Kerouac or Ferlingetti, than Fitzgerald, and yet that is exactly where this novel works.   I should, however, offer a caveat to the reader right away. If you are uncomfortable with certain words that are sometimes called "street language", euphemized with terms like "the f-word", and "the s-word", be prepared to be exposed to a veritable avalance of both of these. Indeed the 688 pages possibly contain more examples of the former than any other book in print in the English speaking world.   Nevertheless, Wolfe's approach to the use of these words, is, strange to say, exactly, and perfectly correct! He is depicting the university campus experience of the 21st century at a premium university where young people of money and privilege may go to meet and mingle, and occasionally learn enough to pick up a sheepskin. There will also be found those who have managed to get in on scholarship alone, those like Charlotte Simmons from a tiny fictional town in the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina. Wolfe has painted those folks accurately too, and kindly.   When first expounding like a college professor on the "F-word patois", Wolfe takes a whole page to explain its different shades of meaning, replete with examples. He does it in a way so that there is no shock vaue in the use of the word, and it just fits into the music and texture of the scenes he presents throught the book.   Then there are the characters. Besides Charlotte, there is Jojo Johannsen, the gigantic white basketball star, and Adam Geller the nerdy member of the Millenial Mutants and reporter for the student nespaper "The Wave". Central to the plot is Thorpe who is a pillar of the most powerful fraternity on the campus, and Charlotte's uppity preppy roommate Beverly. Each of these is painted with a portraitist's brush of fine detail that breathes a life into them and makes you care about them -- or not.   And when Charlotte has a traumatic experience, about half way through the book, it is followed by a period of deep depression which is depicted with such accuracy in the longest chapter in the book that it will drag you down with her, just wishing and wanting it to end -- as she experiences it, and has to cope with it.   Folks, quite simply put, this is a different kind of novel, but I guarantee, this is truly literature. Get over the salty words, and get involved with Charlotte and the folks around her -- you won't regret it.     