 Not long after Noah's Flood, when I was attending a boys' boarding school in Western Canada, it was still fashionable to teach history by rote as a series of names, dates and events. I still have the cadence of "William the first, William the second, Henry the first and Steeeeeven" permanently burned into my memory banks. It is little wonder that history was one of the subjects that I managed to fail so miserably that once I managed to score a minus ten on a test paper (I accidentally spelled my name wrong).  Real history is about people and how they interact, and the events they are involved in. It is fascinating when you can climb inside the mind of historical protagonists and examine how and why they did what they did. Over time, society elects to paint some folks as good guys, and some folks as bad guys, and society as a whole tends to accept those characterizations, and move on.   Some bad guys are in the big leagues. These might include Attilla the Hun, Ivan the Terrible, Adolf Hitler, Josef Stalin, Saddam Hussein, and, of course, Pontius Pilate. Add in Al Capone, Ted Bundy and, perhaps most recently Scott Peterson, and you hold a handful of identities that folks will agree are "bad". What folks will usually overlook is the fact that these individuals are also "people", and a careful examination of their lives and motivations will often reveal a far more complex set of motivations than the simplistic ones that have distilled with the passing of time over their histories.  Pontius Pilate is, to Christans st least, in the biggest of the big leagues. Tiny children learn his name as the guy who condemned Jesus to death. Members of some Christian denominations recite the creed weekly that includes his name in terms of "..suffered under Pontius Pilate..", and all Christians know his name is in the New Testament. Actually it only appears in 8 verses of Matthew, 10 of Mark, 12 of Luke, 19 of John, and 3 of Acts. Not a lot of press for trying to find out a lot about the man.  Ann Wroe has not let this stop her. As a true historian, she has examined the time in which he lived, the type of person he would have been, his ancestry, his probably training for the job, his probable daily routine. Then she adds in certain known historical events in his ten year term of service, including the notorious carrying of the Roman Standards into the Temple courtyard on his first arrival, and his ultimate capitulation rather than slaughter all the Jews who objected to the graven images which they considered them to be in that most holy place.  Ms. Wroe builds daily life, the process of dealing with the interaction with the Sanhedrin, Annas and Caiaphas, and Jesus himself (and later even with Cornelius at Caesarea). She describes the hazards of communicating with Tiberius, the Emperor, who by that stage was in declining health -- both physical and mental. You feel drawn into every moment of the lifestyle of the time -- you become a part of living in the history.  When it comes to the trial, instead of the few verses of the New Testament that we have had to live with for a lifetime, she offers an examination of every aspect of the process of the trial. Ms. Wroe considers the location, who would be present, how the trial would be conducted, when Pilate and Jesus might have adjourned to an antechamber, and then returned, who would probably have accompanied them during the adjournment, the position of Pilate's wife in the process.  In addition she includes extended quotations from several passion plays from various time periods, starting from as early as the 4th century, through the 19th century, showing how different societies have interpreted possible reactions that Pilate (and others) may have had to the events.  It is important to understand that this is not a religious text. It is a historical text, and as such it is eminently readable. It actually reads almost like a novel, where you have read other novels involving some of the main characters before, and are eager to read another adventure with them, or an expanded text of a short story you read once. I heartlily recommend this to any reader of any age.     