 There was a time when fairy stories could only be told in Disney cartoons. There was Snow White, and Cinderella, and they had their requisite combination of magic and "lived happily ever after". "Real" people portrayed in movies could not, somehow, be presented that way -- it just didn't "work".  Then somewhere along the road a film called Pretty Woman figured out one way to do it with a PG13 rating, and Rob Reiner kicked it up (and down) a notch with The Princess Bride where the fairy story element became more as we remember as little children. Andre the Giant was a real giant, and who can forget Billy Crystal as the crone?   So Disney took another whack at it, and the Princess Diaries came along, and the fairy story worked some more. And we loved them, and they were family fare, and we watched them with our kids!  I saw Prince Charming at an unearthly early hour in Phoenix Arizona when my body was still on South Carolina time, and immediately fell in love with it. It has that same true fairy story quality about it -- a bit of cinematic froth with just enough believability to keep you drawn in to the characters.  Martin Short holds the entire package together, and is utterly in his element with the opportunity to take his Canadian origins out for a run with a flawless English accent and delivery throughout. Christina Appleton may have been a bit of an also-ran ditz in Married with Children, but here she shows some delicious emotional depth that carries us beyond the fundamental froth of the plot. Bernadette Peters uses every ounce of her Broadway chops to play a jaded diva just to the edge of over playing without quite tipping over -- mastery of her craft. The young man who plays the prince is new to me, but fits the role perfectly, an expert swordsman, and clearly the director decided to take every opportunity to show that off -- smart move.  Now I note that one reviewer decries some implied sexuality in the plot and presentation. May I assure one and all that no 7 year old would ever "get" what was "going on" because of the extremely (and delightfully) clever way in which this was handled. The "bell" scene mentioned is at once hilarious, and essential to the understanding of the character of the prince, and to the core of the plot. How I would dearly wish that Hollywood would understand that "sex scenes" do not require the depiction of either nudity nor sex to get the point across to adults without corrupting the minds of children.  I intend to buy this DVD and keep it on hand to play for my grandchildren when they visit. It will also be available for my Bishop's children to see (I am LDS), and others who share my rather conservative feelings about film content.  I consider this to be one of the most delightful and charming films I have seen in years.     