 Have you ever wondered about those "Mormons"? What they are really like? Have you been told strange things about them by your pastor, and seen their young men going door to door in their white shirts with little nametags with their Books of Mormon? Well, they do put their pants on one leg at a time, just like other folks, and they do have normal lives -- in a way. But within their society and culture there are some traditions and mores that have evolved that create odd circumstances when a member of the close-knit communities found in places like Utah becomes a widow. Susan Law Corpany, the Author of Unfinished Business, became a widow at a young age, and much of what she experienced is recounted in this novel. Lonliness, frustration, misunderstanding. One of the nifty things about this book is that it is a totally LDS (shorthand for "Latter-day Saint") book, in that, unlike some contemporary LDS novels, it makes no attempt to "explain" the things we Mormons do in our day to day lives. There are funny names we give the places we go and the activities we do -- even some of the clothes we wear, and Susan just uses the terms with the expectation that the reader will know them. So if you don't, stop one of those nice young men with the white shirt and name tag, and ask for a little help -- they don't bite.   On the other hand, are you LDS, Single, especially a young widow or widower? Then this book should be required reading for you. Are you a Single Adults representative? High Councilman or Stake presidency member responsible for Senior Single Adults? Same applies to you. The book is a novel, true, but it is a true novel. It says what you won't hear in High Council meetings, or Single Adult firesides, it tells what the life of the young widow in the LDS church is really like. Why do I know? BT-DT -- been there, done that. Every word of this novel strikes so true to life and trumpets loudly of the pain and frustration and lonliness felt by those trapped in that strange limbo of the Adult Single LDS world. Well meaning people thoughtlessly saying the wrong things, and then neglecting to include the singles in the activities that were normal when the widow was still married. Assuming the widow is divorced because she is young, assuming that every Single Adult activity is intended for match making, when the participants -- many of them -- really just want some adult companionship. Read it, read it, read it --by the way it is thoroughly entertaining too -- a real page turner -- and a bargain to boot!     