 Different people learn in different ways. Some are "theoretical" learners -- they get a training manual or instruction book, and read it from cover to cover before ever trying out any of the information they have gleaned. In a way I envy them. However I am a "practical" learner. When I taught myself to program in the C programming language, I had my hands on the computer with the very first page, where I was taught how to make the computer display "Hello world" on its screen.  Not all authors of books of instruction understand this difference, and, as a result, their texts tend to favor one style over another. We should also recognize that not every author is as expert in the field about which he or she writes, so much as a "legend in his own mind".  I have been a professional portrait photographer for over 50 years. In that time I have learned a fair amount about making portraits in a variety of lighting conditions. You might wonder why I would buy a book like "NATURAL LIGHT PORTRAIT PHOTOGRAPHY" by Doug Box. Part of the reason lies in the genes. My mother, who recently celebrated her 100th birthday has been a professional portrait painter for over 80 of those years -- and she still attends classes on painting. We are never too old, or too knowledgeable, not to be able to learn something new.  So, knowing that Doug Box has earned his Master of Photgraphy and Craftsman's degrees from the Professinal Photographers of America, and that he has been a featured speaker at conventions (where I first met him), seminars, and professional photography one-week "schools", I had little fear regarding his expertise. My trust was well placed.  Although I have actually succeeded in reading the entire book (118 pages of lavishly illustrated text), I have also been able to implement items from the text on an almost page by page basis. Not just a book about "seeing" or "using" the light, but a book that includes instruction about posing, selecting locations, choosing the most appropriate lens, and how to manage exposure with natural light and added flash. I have already built myself a "light finder" (pages 13-14), and made two portraits using techniques learned from the book.  I speak here as a professional photographer, and give the book highest marks for the professional user. Quite simply, if you are a professional photographer and you make portraits, you need this book. However the serious amateur can also benefit from its contents. The amateur may not wish to bother with the "light finder" tool, and off camera flash triggered by a radio controlled signal may be a bit out of budget, but the underlying instructions apply to anyone with a camera who fancies pointing it at people. Buy it, you won't regret it!     