 Many years ago, when I did some folk singing, there was a number by Shel Silverstein that I enjoyed performing. Its chorus went:    "After you've been eating steak for a long time   "Beans taste fine"  Well, I've read several rather fine volumes in the last little while, and one that I considered a true masterpiece. This one definitely belongs to the "beans" end of the literary spectrum. As I plodded through the first chapters -- in fact before I had finished the second chapter, I found myself thinking in terms of "turgid prose". I even went to the Internet and looked up the phrase and found myself directed to the annual Bulwer Lytton contest in which authors endeavor to write the most turgid opening line for a novel, based on that worthy's famous "It was a dark and stormy night".  Jack has the unfortunate habit of modifying every noun with an adjective, every verb with an adverb, and after a while it gets very weighty. His characters seem unvaryingly one-dimensional, and are almost always presented with their full names, first and last, no matter how many times we have met them -- even on the same page. The same applies to locales, do we really need to know his home address down to everything but the ZIP code? I realize it is intended to show his minute knowledge of the Chicago area, but it just weighs the story down.  Then the early chapters where he indoctrinates sidekick Mark Brightly (so named to present a counterpoint to the unfortunate man's lack of obvious brightness) with the methods and means of pulling off every kind of shady business scam, read more like the Cliff notes for a seminar on how to become a con man, than any basis for a novel. They become monumentally boring in a hurry. What they do, of course, is show the years of experience Jack has had teaching and writing about business -- but they don't help the novel at all.  None of the characters have any shading of emotion, and that is why I describe them as one-dimensional. I forced myself to read the book because I had promised that I would, but it was a real chore. Boring, boring, boring.  Until, that is, Chapter 19. Suddenly the story came to life. If the book had started there, and then been followed with some foreshadowing to explain how it had got there, it might have had some possibilities, and, I will grant Jack one good mark, the last two pages are actually well thought out and well written.  So, after tearing out Jack's heart, shredding his first novel, and blowing it to the wind, haven't I got anything nice to say? Yup, sure do. Have you ever read the first novels of some of the big-time well known authors like Hemmingway, Fitzgerald, Shute, etc? They wrote some real stinkers. Some of them never saw the light of day until after the authors were so well established that folks were willing to read anything they had written. Let me tell you, Jack, those last two pages prove you can write in the novel form. Get back to your word processor and get another one in the works. Learn from this one -- you've got all that business junk out of your system, and hang a page-turning winner on us. I'll read it!     