 This movie is truly a visual masterpiece - the scenes fit the action, the action fits the characters and there is not one wasted gesture or word in this movie. This is a great movie - not great in the sense that it has a feel good happy ending or that it ends how you might want it to end. It's great in a way that makes you think about life and loyalty, about how two different cultures collide and what honor is and how it might lead to your undoing. Forest Whitaker (a marvelous actor) is Ghost Dog, a samurai who has sworn his loyalty to a Mafia gangeter who once saved his life. Ghost Dog becomes a hitman for the Mafia, used when it's considered too dangerous for somebody else to do. He does his job well. but it confuses the Mafia simply because they don't understand his culture. Ghost Dog settles up his account with his boss once a year, he uses carrier pigeons to relay messages and lives simply - something the gangsters don't understand. He reads from the "Hagakure" everyday, ontemplating the meaning of the way of life he has chosen. The gangsters are one messed up bunch - dysfunctional doesn't even begin to describe them - and thier idea of culture seems to be old cartoons on tv. (Although the one doing the rap song is hilarious.) A hit goes wrong - well, actually it goes right but it's a political disaster for the gangsters. It is determined Ghost Dog must die. But how do you kill a samurai - especially one that seems to materialize from nowhere, hos no known address or phone number?  The rest of the movie concerns itself with that matter, as well as Ghost Dog's friendship with a Haitian ice cream vendor - though they don't speak each other's languages, hey seem to understand each other almost instinctively. And Ghost Dog befriends a young girl. These relationships help you understand more about Ghost Dog. I won't give away the ending - the movie is very powerful and really must be seen to be appreciated. But it will leave you thinking about many, many things long after the movie is over and to me, that's a mark of a great movie. It's not a movie for everybody - it's not a John Woo movie or Jackie Chan - those are both good, but this is a much different, darker type of movie. If you want to think as well as be entertained, this is the movie for you.     