 This very good book uses the premise that in other times and other places, many fantastic creatures lived. Isaac Asimov provides the introduction and also is the editor of this volume of wonderful stories. There are eight stories, written by various writes such as Anne McCaffrey and Cordwainer Smith. The titles are also as intriguing as the writers - "Flight Over XP-637" and "The Anglers of Arz".  "The Smallest Dragonboy" by Ann McCaffrey details the rite of passage on the world of Pern. A young man cannot become a warrior until he is chosen by one of the telepathic dragons. The story details the struggles of Keevan to be chosen by a dragon hatchling and to become a warrior.  "The Botticelli Horror" by Lloyd Biggle,Jr reads like a 1950s sci fi movie. It involves a visitor from Venus that also lives in a sideshow. The Venusian visitor happens to paint in a manner similiar to Botticelli. This sounds rather nice to have an alien that could create those kinds of pictures but of course there's always a slight problem with aliens in sideshows.  "Kid Cardula" by Jack Ritchie is about a young man who wants to train as a boxer. Well, maybe he's not such a young man though he claims to be blue blooded - he is very strong and does suffer from photophobia. He requests all his matches to be scheduled at night due to his fear of sunlight. His favorite color is black, he has two long upper teeth and he gets spooked when another fighter makes the sign of the cross before a fight begins. Wonder what type of fantastic creature fits that description? I'm sure you can guess but the story is very entertaining. "The Man From P.I.G." by Harry Harrison is also about visitors froma another planet. There appears to be nothing but pigs on the spaceship - except for the pig farmer. The pig farmer sets up in an area where "we're a little short of meat animals and the sight of all that fresh pork on the hoof..". But of course, these pigs aren't for eating purposes. And the pig farmer - he's not an ordinary pig farmer, either.  "Flight Over XP-637" by Craig Sayre is about alien scientists observing life on earth. An accident occurs to one of the scientists that has transformed to live on Earth. The story reconstructs the accident and gives you much more insight into the aliens.  "The Bees From Borneo" by Will H. Gray is about the best beekeeper and queen breeder in the United States. Through genetic engineering, Silas Donaghy's bees manage to surpass all other bees for production of honey. All goes well until a wild queen bee is introduced into the hives of Silas Donaghy's bees.  "The Anglers of Arz" by Roger Dee is about about scientists traveling to a strange land and investigating it. In that respect, it sounds similiar to "Flight Over XP-637" but the similarities end at that point. The scientists are from Earth and are exploring Arz, a strange world with an underwater city. "The Game of Rat and Dragon" by Cordwainer Smith is about telepathic cats and humans working together to destroy a common enemy - to the humans, the enemy appears as a dragon. To the cats, the enemy appears as a rat. This partnership works for the benefit of both animals but causes some problems along the way.  All the stories are very well written and intriguing. I advise you to get this book and expand your mind as to what types of creatures may exist in the world. It is an enjoyable read.     