 First off, it's not quite a "pattern-a-day". Saturdays and Sundays share the same pattern. Some patterns are too complex to fit on one day, so they spill out over a few days.There have been   some complaints that some of the patterns are online for free. Most of the patterns are _not_ available online for free. You also have to keep in mind, websites sometimes disappear, taking the patterns with them. Plus if you are at work, looking for the website might cause you some trouble whereas looking at the calendar won't get you in to trouble.  I'm not exactly thrilled with the loose pages. This is because I tend to be a bit forgetful at times and take out a pattern and look at it and not put it back. I would have preferred it to be spiral bound, but they didn't make it exclusively for me. And if you buy it, there are cards in the back to cut to use for dividers for the months.  I've addressed the somewhat misleading title and the functionality issues. Now it's time to address the patterns themselves. Most of the patterns use yarn, not thread. There are a few thread patterns in this collection, but if that's you mainly prefer, you might not want to purchase this calendar.  But if you do use yarn, this calendar has a great array of patterns for you to choose from - from "The Crochet Dude's Flying Afghan" to the "Sushi Pillow", there is a pattern to please almost everyone. The photos are in full color, which is extremely helpful and the directions are concise and clear. There is a guide to explain the various crochet stitches in case you get stuck. There's also an index, broken down by catagory (scarves, sweaters, slippers etc) so if you want to try your hand at a poncho, you will be able to locate the patterns quickly. There are skill levels defined and given, so you know if you just started crocheting last week, the jewelry you want to try could pose more of a challenge to you. Or you can just browse through the calendar trying to figure out what to make first.  I would recommend this calendar highly for anybody interested in crochet. For me, it's not practical as a calendar I would use because I write all over my calendar. But as a pattern book, you really can't beat it. There's well over 200 patterns and for the relatively small price of $14, you can own them all. It's much more reasonable than a lot of crochet books you can buy, where there may 15 patterns for $15. The patterns also lead you to contacts, various web blogs and websites where you can generally see something new and different in the world of crochet. If you have a crocheter on your gift list, this would be a great gift.      