 You got it all figured out - you'll ditch the day job and you'll sell your old Danielle Steele and Tom Clancy books on Amazon. You get up (after a little sleep-in) and after your second cup of Irish Breakfast tea, check your listings to see ten items have sold - a slow day! Your little darlings will be playing quietly, your cats will be snoozing on the sofa and the bunny will be making "binkies" around your work area. Life is good. And sales will pick up after 10:30am, they always do. You'll quickly pack your books, effortlessly mail them at the post office and search your favorite used book store before eating some lunch. Not too bad a haul today - a signed first edition by Hemingway, that rare, out of print William Fonner's groundbreaking child rearing book, "My House, My Rules", a signed and illustrated first edition by Hirshfield - all in like new condition - and a cookbook going for $60. Not too shabby a day. Before you tell your boss to go do something physically impossible, read this book. It will save you from many "newbie" mistakes and you will see online bookselling for what it really is - _possibly_ a money maker but a job that you have to want to do and do well to profit. You'll understand your day could be more similiar to this:  you check your listings, no new sales. You wait in line at the post office behind the person that is packing their mail at the counter and paying with a beginner's old of state check. And your trip to the thrift shop yields 10 books, all of them selling for a penny. Mr Windwalker covers a lot of basics in this book - some say the book is too basic but I don't think so. You have to know the nitty-gritty of what you're getting into before you decide to take a huge plunge. He doesn't recommend specific books, but recommends books that have worked for him. He recommends possible book buying sites. Some of the stuff seems common sense, but I never thought of things quite that way. So if you are planning to become an ongoing online bookseller - meaning you will probably be selling more books than your own weeding out from your personal library - I recommend this book highly. It's an inexpensive business course that can save you from making some big mistakes - so give it a try! Good luck!     