 I found this book after one of my "difficult / disabled" sibling had died. I wish I had found it earlier. It is like a breath of fresh air, acknowledging that all sibling relationships_ aren't_ like  some movies such as "Benny and Joon" portray it. If you think that's the "I learned so much from my disabled sister" viewpoint is the right one, don't bother finishing the review or reading the book.  One thing Dr Safer acknowledges is that _nobody_ gets off easy in this mess. If the "normal" child becomes the preferred one, he / she feels a lot of guilt and anger. If the "difficult" sibling becomes the preferred one, well, the "normal" sib feels guilt and anger. I was surprised to read that many "normal" sibs choose not to have children. I should have realized this by taking a look at my own family, but it never hit me until I read it in the book.   Dr Safer shares her own experience as well as about 60 or so other folks. Some stories seem extreme - such as the woman moving her family out of the country, until you read how the person got to this point. There is very little info on siblings who were brutalized by their disabled sibling, but the fact there was any mention at all was astounding. You never see _any_ articles in any magazine about "My sibling robbed me and beat me" or even worse fates. All it's about is "how to get your family together  for the holidays" and it's about how maybe your sister dated one of your boyfriends 20 years ago. It doesn't deal with a sibling who is always drunk / high, can't be counted on to even show up for a family occasion and if she does, there _will_be some ugly moments.   I found this book extremely helpful in identifying the problem and getting some of the emotions out for the world to see. Hopefully Dr Safer (or somebody else) will do a follow up on this subject.  If you read this far, you probably _need_ to read the book. It made me feel so much better to see other people had the same sort of emotions I had regarding my sister. I hope it will for you.     