 I think Johnny Cash began recording in 1955, shortly after I was born (I didn't have anything to do with him being recorded, it's just to give some sort of context to my review). So I would estimate I've heard almost all of Johnny Cash's albums at least 10 times a piece. I seen him in live concerts - for the record, he was a very nice man who put on a tremendous show.  But I never thought I would willingly seek out his music - after all that music was for my Parents_, particularly my dad - why would I choose to listen to it now? But "my sweetest friend" wanted this cd, along with the other American recordings. This cd is powerful and all the emotions are there, palpable, so close you can feel the tears. Mr Cash does an amazing job on all the songs, but the stand out here is "Hurt" and the video of it. The imagery is so moving, so striking, especially if you knew of his life - the drugs, the jails, the many problems - it seems to reflect Mr Cash so well. Mr Reznor wrote and performed this song first (with Nine Inch Nails) but I don't think I will ever be able to associate it with anyone except Johnny Cash.  And that's what Johnny Cash does - he stamps a song with his own feelings and shadings so completely, it's difficult to imagine anyone else doing it.  Listen to the Beatles song "In My Life" - to hear a man of Johnny Cash's age and experience sing this song gives it a multitude of shadings that doesn't exist in the Beatles version. His rendition of Sting's "I Hung My Head" reminded me of my thoughts when I first  heard the song - that it could have been a Johnny Cash song.  If you're wondering if you should buy this cd with the additional video, my answer is _yes_ go for it. It's not the "feel good" video of the year, but it will definitely make you think and feel and react.  Thomas Dolby says something like "nothing ever leaves the airwaves" and I hope he's right - it's a small measure of comfort to think Johnny Cash's voice will be bouncing around and off the universe for all time.     