 This book about women in Europe from before recorded history until present took ten years for the authors (Bonnie S. Anderson and Judith P. Zinsser) to write. M's Anderson taught at Brooklyn College. M's Zinsser taught at Bryn Mawr College. Their ten years of work was very well spent in producing this detailed history book.    If you read most history books, you'll notice very little is mentioned about what the women were doing at that particular point in time. What was it like to be a noblewoman and have your husband go off to war? What was the daily activity for a peasant's wife? What was labor and childbirth like for women of those times? Was there a Renaissance for women? Did the spread of Christianity hurt or help women? M's Anderson and M's Zinsser answer these questions and so much more in this well researched book. They detail the archaeological evidence that supports their writing, as well as various written works that provide a glimpse into women's lives hundreds of years ago. There are various pictures of artifacts, as well as artwork depicting women through out the years.  There are many things I never thought about in regards to being a woman in the past.  The fact that female children, for example, were breastfed for only a year while their brothers nursed for two years (thereby affording more protection against diseases)  seems especially disheartening. The information about the noblewoman's life seems particularly sad in this day and age. Basically a daughter was used as property by her parents who wanted her to "marry well" - perhaps to form an alliance with a more powerful noble's family or to gain land. Some parents even went as far to beat their daughters into their marriages. Their life didn't become easier once they got married. The noblewoman would have to arrange for moving to different estates, supervise the staff and the laborers, figure out the taxes and the annual income among other tasks.Not exactly how it's portrayed in movies or books, is it?  This is a book to read and ponder. All the aspects of a woman's life is covered in this compelling book - childbirth, contraception, religious practices are just some of the subjects this well organized book describes. M's Anderson and M's Zinsser makes the past come alive with their writing style. I recommend this book highly for those who want to learn more about the often overlooked history of women.     