 You probably know Mrs Fields' name from those cookie places in the mall - you know, you walk by the area and the chocolate chip cookies aroma hits you and you're not going to be able to think of anything else until you have one of those cookies. And yse, she does make a dynamite chocolate chip cookie.  A chocolate chip cookie recipe leads off this great volume of cookies. I won't swear it's the kind made inthe mall shops, but I think it tastes just as good if not better. And your whole house smells wonderful from the baking. But that's not all that's in the book. There are "Chocolate Dreams" - these are similiar to a sandwich cookie, but that description doesn't begin to do them justice. It's as if you took 2 wonderful sugar cookies and put chocolate mousse in as the filler. It is awesome and very easy to make. Maybe your taste runs more into the bar cookies, maybe something like, ooh, brownies? Mrs Fields comes to the rescue with her "Super Fudge Brownies" which are rich and are wonderful with a cold glass of milk or a hot cup of tea.  There's also a recipe for "'Light' Chocolate Cheesecake" which suprisingly pleased my finicky chessecake eater. There's even a "Mocha Mousse Cheesecake" which has a gret chocolate butter glaze on the top. But maybe you don't like chocolate? Or maybe you think "Is that all Mrs Fields can cook chocolate?". Fret no more - the "Poppy Seed Bundt Cake" is awesome, no other words can quite describe it. Eggnog cookies, a wonderful "White Ivory Cream Cake" , cookies with bananas, pineapples, marshmallows, macademia nuts - there's even a recipe for "Fruitcake Cookies". And here's the beauty of it all - all the recipes are clearly and concisely given, are easy to follow and don't require 3 trips to the specialty stores just so you can get ingredients that you will only use to make that particular recipe. There's the usual cookie jar cookies as well as the fancier kind you could give as gifts to your friend and family. If you like to bake and you like cookies, this is the book to broaden your horizons. Buy it, bake it, enjoy it:)     