 Everyone knows how the program improved from the first season to the second, so I will spare you the episode reviews that are so ubiquitous on this page.  What is important, however, is that the presentation of these great episodes has gotten better. In terms of sound and picture quality, there is no question that these are great (as were the first season DVDs).  The packaging is nearly the same, and it certainly looks handsome to have the two as-of-yet-released seasons sitting near each other on my shelf. As for improvements: The bonus features on this set are, on the whole, better than the first installment of this series.  Especially good were the short films originally distributed as FOX promotional material: interviews with James L. Brooks, Matt Groening, and footage describing the creating of an episode were definite assets.  More foreign language clips were included, which is also a big plus. A few things are a bit annoying about these discs.  For one: in order to get to the main menu, you have to wait a considerable amount of time.  Of course, I understand and accept the necessity to have a warning from the FBI and Interpol or whatever, but the animation game that requires you to press enter in order to put the characters' heads on their corresponding bodies is irksome--especially since you have to do it three times.  It's cute, but a bit overdone.  Also (and this is a very slight complaint), when I'm looking for a particular episode, I don't like having to refer to the included booklet (or having to pick a disc at random).  Perhaps the main menu on Disc 1 could include a list of all episodes and, when chosen, they could direct the viewer to insert the appropriate disc.  Or, if it wouldn't be too unattractive (or not keeping with the already-released installments), it would be nice to have episode titles written on the discs themselves, or at least in a promiment place on the interior packaging. All in all, this DVD set is a must have for all Simpsons fans.  I just hope the sets continue to improve with each installment--Lord knows Fox is taking enough time between release dates.  They might as well make them good.     