 In a historical sense, it would be easy to compare Kundera's latest novel with its two immediate predecessors, Slowness and Identity.  All three were penned in French, unlike his earlier, bulkier, more popular works, originally in Czech.  All three are relatively short, quick reads.  All three are similarly named, taking as their one-word titles general characteristics (although this was not unheard of in his Czech works: Ignorance is a direct correlative, and titles like the Unbearable Lightness of Being, while multi-worded, are in the same vein).  Having just finished Ignorance, however, I think that it rises far above Slowness and Identity. Kundera, as a romancier franais, has been criticized for poverty of language.  His French prose, critics have argued, is not as sumptuous and free-flowing as his native Czech.  Gallimard has yet to publish a version of the original French, so I haven't had a chance to examine it firsthand, but it we are to trust translator Linda Asher (who has also done translations of his last two works), it is safe to say that Kundera is mastering his French more and more with the passage of time.  Ignorance's prose is perhaps not as thick as some of Kundera's best Czech work (Life is Elsewhere and The Book of Laughter and Forgetting come to mind for their superlatively natural flow from idea to idea and richness of speech), but it is certainly lucid and not perceptibly forced. Thematically as well, Kundera has tightened himself with Ignorance.  In his grandes oeuvres, it was easier to explore depths of character and numerous themes in great detail.  In the shorter format that Kundera has opted for in his French writing, that kind of exposition is not possible.  Slowness and Identity (to different respective degrees) each suffered from this kind of overshooting complexity.  Ignorance hones in on a few important topics, and does so in an clean, hierarchical way.  The plot is simple and intriguing.  The parallels with Odysseus and his Great Return to Ithaca are the next level his themeatic hierarchy.  Overarching everything is, unsurprisingly, the idea of ignorance itself--what it means to be apart from something, to be out of contact, to be without knowledge, to forget.  These thematic levels are delightfully undistorted in Ignorance, making for a much more clearheaded read. Kundera gets back to basics with literary devices as well.  The history of Europe, and especially of Bohemia, has been crucial in his best work, and it comes back to the forefront here.  Communism and capitalism and their effects on interpersonal relationships is brought back into the fold as well.  Explicating a theme via etymology is another old Kundera trick that is fruitfully taken advantage of in Ignorance. While it's hard to capture in 200 pages what took his earlier novels 500, there is no doubt that Kundera has come back into his own with Ignorance.  It's an indispensible addition to any Kundera fan's collection, and it's well organized and lucidly aesthetic enough to serve as a first exposure to Kundera as well.     