 This is, simply put, the greatest piece of literature of the 20th century, quite possible of any century.  The complex interweaving of plot, characters, themes and morals make Master and Margarita a novel that is enjoyable an infinite amount of times in an infinite number of ways.  Among the innumerable superlatives I could dedicate to this book are the following: greatest satire of 1930s Russian society, particularly the literary society; greatest critique of the inherent hypocrisy of Socialism as it was practiced, namely, that the more people claim to disdain property, the more they use property as the foundation of their moral and social schemas; the most skillful manipulation of prosaic styles--that is, the narration changes distinctly from one chapter to the next, often because of change of point of view (the omniscient narrator's to the Master's novel's), and other times due to a general change of subject matter and mood; the most outrageous and hilarious plot ever; the most engaging and pointed criticism of the ethics of Christianity as practiced by modern believers.... The list could go on and on.  Master and Margarita is a masterpiece in the true sense of the word. As for this translation: I have used several different translations of this book, and this seems to be the best.  It is heavily annotated; footnotes, denoted throughout the text, are collected in an appendix that takes up a good portion of the book, and this extra information provides a great deal of clarification to the reader, especially the non-Russian-speaking one.  Much of this clarification is necessary to proper comprehension of the novel, while some of it is merely to provide a greater insight into the themes addressed and the environment in which the addressing was done.  Textually, the translation also seems to be quite good.  Unfortunately, my Russian is not excellent; I have read the original Russian, but I am afraid that my senses of nuance and fine shading of meaning are less than adequate to dissect a work of these proportions.  From what I can tell, however, this translation is the most successful at remaining faithful to the actual words of Bulgakov while also staying true to the rhythm and style of his writing in a broader sense. If you haven't read this book, buy it now.  You'll want to read it again and again--quite possibly because you didn't understand it the first time, but certainly because there is no end to the rewards that immersion in Bulgakov's world can impart on a reader.     