 Lozowick's wisdom is gleamed from years of experience as a parent as well as his far reaching knowledge of human psychology as a leader of an intentional community.  In conventional terms, this book will seem highly  controversial and push many peoples buttons.  However, you don't have to  agree with everything he says to benefit from the book.  A reviewer below  makes the unsubstantiated claim that breastfeeding a child until five years  old is child abuse.  My child just stopped breastfeeding at five, and as a  Father it was sometimes hard for me to get used to, BUT it has definitely  Not been an abusive circumstance to my child.  If anything, my daughter is  a more secure individual who feels the world is a very safe loving place.   She is percieved by many to be unusually intelligent, aware and extremely  well behaved.  Why?(all parental bias aside) because of the principals  found in this book.  Most people are afraid, or totally unwilling to  consider such ideas.  This book is filled with plenty of sound reasoning.   Yes, there are some esoteric claims that even rubbed me wrong, but overall  the basic ideas are completely sound. Lozowick has also done his fair share  of research, so some of his claims definately do come from areas of  independent research. As a parent, most of the people I have shared these  ideas with are reluctant to consider them. In my opinion, they are not  willing to examine their own assumptions and conditioning. This book is an  antidote to such things. It will enable any honest well meaning parent to  rexamine themselves and their motives, their past, etc. The concept of  Bonding is too little understood in the United States. My daughter never  had a stroller, we always carried her close to our bodies in a sling and I  know she is the better for it. Many parents are just plain lazy, or not  willing to think/feel for themselves and stand behind it. This book for the  most part is heavy on common sense, which is growing rarer these days as we  allow quick fixes and technology to further invade our lives. Conscious  Parenting's underlying premise, in terms of methodology, is that there is  no easy answer, but rather that good parenting is achieved through  conscious sacrifice, total commitment and the constant willingness to own  up to our own short comings. For most, that is unreasonable. But really,  How unreasonable is it to Not use the television as a babysitter, and to  preserve your child against the constant onslaught of violent images that  flood every avenue of media.  I praise Lozowick. if you do not rush to  judgment, and are willing to contemplate some of his ideas over a  sufficient length of time, you cannot but be richly rewarded.     