 . Stephanie Marohn, who is also the author of "The Natural Medicine Guide to Schizophrenia," offers alternative methods for treating the symptoms of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.  While she does not pan the biochemical theories of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, she recommends treating these presumed imbalances with sound nutrition and with Vitamin B and zinc supplements, the building blocks of the brain's chemical neurotransmitters.  Ms. Marohn uses a holistic medical approach to dealing with mental illness. The holistic approach does NOT use the DSM-IV as a guide for determining treatment. It might be pointed out the the DSM is the creation of ONE EGOCENTRIC individual, whose arbitrary determinations are blindly followed by virtually the entire psychiatric herd of sheep.  Ms. Marohn provides dietary suggestions for coping with bipolar disorder (or schizophrenia), which may relieve or lessen symptoms.  Ms. Marohn's book is a radical depature from other treatment recommendations for bipolar disorder, including that of Kay Jamison, the highly functional author of "An Unquiet Mind," who claims that she has bipolar disorder although she has headed the Johns-Hopkins Psychiatric Hospital for years. Were she truly mentally ill with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia she would not now, nor would she EVER have been able to function in such a capacity, with or without her lithium carbonate, which generally (in time) destroys the thyroid gland, requiring its removal!  It is interesting to me how many quacks claim they have been cured of bipolar disorder or of schizophrenia by undergoing and maintaining drug therapy.  It is my opinion, based on my own lifelong personal experience with psychiatry (and as a result of having been diagnosed as bipolar, as paranoic, as schizophrenic, as having PTSD and as being "an extremely intelligent and productive gentleman."), that those individuals who CLAIM they were either cured or stabilized with drug therapy to the point of being able to sustain long-term employment are not being honest with themselves or with the public. Psychiatric drugs do not cure ANYTHING. The drugs only destroy the neural networking of the brain. Courageous men like Eliot Valenstein,Ph.., Peter Breggin, M.D., Robert Whitaker and others, who are not afraid to speak out, have provided remarkable evidence to support this point of view.   In two years I will be 70 years old. I am a grandson of highly industrious American innovators and millionaires who literally abandoned me at the time I was born. I am also a veteran/victim of High School Army ROTC, of the Marine Corps Reserve and of the United States Coast Guard. Although I was a responsible and law-abiding leader, I was also a victim of repeated sexual battery and other forms of harassment by my neighbors (the sons of business leaders, physicians and lawyers) and by fellow ROTC students and by my shipmates while serving my country. I was afterwards molested by off-duty cops and harassed and mocked by other cops merely for complaining about the molestations of cops and prominent, well-connected citizens.  People like myself who have been stigmatized with labels like bipolar disorder, PTSD or schizophrenia (and there are many varieties) are typically shunned by others, especially those of us diagnosed with paranoid features. We were not BORN with the so-called "diseases" of mental illness. I was labeled "crazy" by those closest to me in order to discredit me, merely because I saw too much reality and I knew too much.  My memory was and still IS  too good, as I have never forgotten the ongoing physical and mental abuse I have endured by the "fine,upstanding" people, including my relatives and friends, that are in control of our schizophregenic society.  One of the boys, my closest friends, who caused me a great deal of mental anguish during my childhood (anguish I have never forgotten) was the grandson of the chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank. Another was later appointed a federal judge. My own paternal grandfather, who neglected me and who permitted his second wife to badly abuse me, was president of a Tulsa bank.  Those who took over in the process of molesting me once I was enrolled in high school ROTC, then sworn into the Marine Corps eserve, then the United States Coast Guard, were people with far less social ranking in the non-military pecking order. However, they very sadistically used their militay rank for leverage in order to get away with abusing me as a young man!  Myself and others like me are continually misunderstood (or are we?) and physically and mentally abused by our psychiatric caretakers, as well as by the criminal justice system, which makes scapegoats out of us and punishes us (the victims) instead of those well-connected individuals who have threatened, intimidated, and assaulted and battered us.  Although we ARE extremely productive and creative, and enjoy being productive, due to our extreme sensitivity as a result of past abuse, we find ourselves on the outside looking in. Due to the fact that we have more integrity than those in charge of our society we are denied employment commensurate with our abilities. We are also denied adequate financing or backing to launch our own businesses!  My own paternal stepgrandmother gave away millions from the estate my grandfather left her to so-called "religious charities,"  not out of any altrustic motive, but in order to prevent my brother and me, both of whom were born with birth defects, from being able to survive. Instead of backing my brother and me in our own very sound business ideas in television, publishing, furniture making and home design and building, she went out of her way to malign us as being "crazy."  Most bipolar or schizophrenic patients (those of us who are truly gifted) do not have anyone they can relate to on an ongoing basis, primarily because they have been abandoned by their own families. Many of them (us) indeed are more intelligent and more perceptive than the egocentric social workers and psychiatrists that claim they are trying to help us!  Unfortunately, the overwhelming majority of judgmental psychiatric "caretakers" treat us as moral lepers, when in fact it is they who are the moral lepers that prefer to drug us with brain-disabling neuroleptics and tell us to "shut up."  The Veterans Administration, especially, does not want the truth known about what really goes on behind the closed doors of military life. I'm talking here about sexual assaults, not imaginary sexual assaults, and other forms of abuse by those psychopaths in charge!  If we are not provided Supplementary Security Income, they (we) wind up permanently homeless, sleeping on the streets.  Unfortunately, Amazon does not stock "The Natural Medicine Guide to Schizophrenia" although it does indeed stock "The Natural Medicine guide to Bipolar Disorder.  Miss Marohn presents an alternative approach! Worth reading!     