 _ Michael Walzer of the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, N.J., wrote the Preface for Anti-Semite and Jew in 1995, which in itself is a very valid critique of Sartre's work. The dialogue itself "Anti-Semite and Jew" was written by Jean-Paul Sartre in late 1944, as World War II drew to a close. Both the occasion and subject of Sartre's dialogue were French. Sartre addresses the complicity of the French in the Nazi project. As in No Exit, Sartre's cast of characters consists of four actors: the anti-Semite, the democrat, the inauthentic Jew and the authentic Jew. Sartre himself claimed that his dialogue was based on a number of conversations with friends and acquaintances and that he did NO RESEARCH, prior to writing the "play." The result, according to Walzer, is a powerfully coherent argument that demonstrates how theoretical sophistication and practical ignorance can, sometimes, usefully combine. Jean Paul Sartre's ignorance of Judaism, in Walzer's own words, was willful and pragmatic. In view of what Walzer has said and what Sartre's play says, I would like to conclude that The Torah, which is the basis of Jewish Law, establishes the anti-Gentilism of Judaism. Some Jews are too hasty in tagging anyone who offers a valid critique of Judaism as an "anti-Semite," which falsely implies that the critiquer is a racist. This is, in my opinion, a smokescreen to deflect attention away from the very obvious racist ideology of Judaism itself. For instance, The Torah says: "If you lend money to any of my people (Jews) who are poor among you, you shall not be like a moneylender to him, you shall not charge him interest." (as you would to a poor Gentile). (Exodus 22:25) "Take heed to yourself, lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land where you are going, lest it be a snare in our midst . . . you shall destroy their altars, break their sacred pillars, and cut own their wooden imagfes." (Exocus 34:12-13) "If a man lies with a man as he lies with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination. THEY SHALL SURELY BE PUT TO DEATH. THEIR BLOOD SHALL BE UPON THEM. (Leviticus 20:13) "As for your male and female slaves whom you may have, you may take them as an inheritance for your children after you, to inherit as a possession. They shall be your permanent SLAVES, BUT REGARDING YOUR BRETHREN, THE CHILDREN OF ISRAEL (THE CHOSEN PEOPLE), YOU SHALL NOT RULE OVER ONE ANOTHER WITH RIGOR." (LEVITICUS 25:43-46) Now, it is indeed presumptuous for Sartre's fictional Jews or anyone else to tell me that one who is opposed to the obvious fascist and barbaric philosphy of Judaism, as clearly quoted from The Torah, is a racist. Judaism itself is indeed a philosophy of racism and INTOLERANCE, and it is in my opinion an abomination to tag one who opposes such a philosophy as being a racist, or as being intolerant. I rest my case. I share Walzer's opinion that Sartre's ignorance of Judaism was WILLFUL and PRAGMATIC. I myself have had numerous discussions with rabbis and so-called "Jewish scholars," and as soon as I quote verbatum from The Torah (The Jewish Holy Book), as I have above, the majority of those whom I have attempted to engage in polite dialogue have invariably resorted to name calling, calling me "crazy" or "anti-Semitic," and/or abruptly ending the dialogue, because they seemingly do not want to admit the truth to themselves, that it is they who are racists and fascists, and I might add, intolerant.     