 . Dr. Dorothy Olnow Lewis provides compassionate, three-dimensional glimpses into the shattered minds of individuals like Ted, Arthur, Johnny, Roger, Marie and others convicted of murder, exposing various forms of neglect, abuse and violence they themselves apparently suffered as children at the hands of their own parents, grandparents, and/or foster parents and siblings.   Dr. Lewis reveals a lot of biographical information about her own childhood. She demonstrates how psychiatry and the criminal justice system interlock, and how the system often fails to serve the needs of those young accused murderers who are without available funds to retain articulate and competent legal representation.   Her explanation of "dissociative disorder" as a psychiatric defense for defendants who have experienced childhood sexual abuse, provides dramatic, yet compelling reading.  In "dissociative disorder," as she convincingly explains, children who have suffered SEVERE emotional and physical neglect and abuse by their own parents and/or foster parents or others frequently represss the painful and unbearable memories for a variety of speculated reasons, on which she elaborates.  It is alarming that many people, including judges and prosecutors, are uncomfortable when confronted with evidence that a heinous murderer was himself or herself repeatedly heinously abused, often by the very people he or she is accused of having murdered.   Consequently, many, many young adults who suffer from dissociative states of mind (a form of insanity) are nevertheless executed by the state, which Dr. Lewis believes to be a crime in itself.   I strongly recommend this well-written book to parents, lawyers, students of criminal justice and anyone working in psychiatry or the mental health system.  Dr. Lewis is not only brilliant and compassionate, she is courageous in trying to educate, civilize and reform a barbaric criminal justice establishment that is frequently more geared to punishing and executing than in trying to understand the CAUSE of antisocial behavior.     