 . Author Ann Rule did not know at the time she was working with Ted Bundy on a Seattle suicide prevention hot line that he was simultaneously stalking and murdering beautiful young women. He had also worked with a Washington State crime bureau and authored a pamphlet on rape prevention.  Author Rule's background in criminology and as a crime writer, as well as her long-standing personal relationship with Ted Bundy, perhaps qualifies her better than any other biographer of Ted Bundy. Rule points out that Bundy was born in a home for unwed mothers in 1946 to a young woman from a Methodist Pennsylvania family, who left him there for three months, before returning to take him home with her.  WHO KNOWS WHAT TRANSPIRED during the three months that Ted remained in The Elizabeth Lund Home for Unwed Mothers before his mother returned to take him home with her. An infant needs instant bonding, to be held and nurtured by his mother. The fact that Ted was deprived of this may have been an important factor in his peronality development.  His mother was obviously made to feel guilty and shame by her Church over having sired Ted, which is not Louise Bundy's fault but the fault of society and the pressures society puts on women.  From the onset, Ted was apparently reared in an unsettling home environment, in which the family was apparently continuously trying to cover up the actual circumstances of Ted's out-of-wedlock birth from other members of the community. This obviously created a high level of psychological tension in the household Ted grew up in. Bundy's maternal Grandfather Cowell, who reared him for the first four years of his life as his own son, was a hard working landscaper, who was described as, although loving and protective of Ted, tyranical in his relationships with females members of the household. Ted had two aunts, one a teenager, living in the same household. In addition, Ted's maternal Grandmother Cowell, whom Ted was told was his mother, reportedly suffered from mental problems (possibly bipolar disorder or schizohrenia) and was in and out of mental hospitals. It is possible that Grandmother Cowell was the one who resented Ted early on, and may have been a source of Ted's anger towards women. At the age of four Ted's mother moved with Ted cross country to Washington, primarily to give Ted a new life in an environment where he would be less likely, she thought, to be ostracised by the circumstances of his birth. Her uncle reportedly was a well-educated and polished music professor at a college in Washington. However, she married a Navy veteran and VA Hospital cook by the name of Bundy, who adopted Ted at the age of five. Ted, according to Ann Rule, was unsettled over the fact that prior to his mother's marriage to Mr. Bundy when he was five, Ted Bundy had been told that his Grandfather Cowell was his father and that Louise Bundy was his sister, not his mother. He apparently had resentments against his stepfather, the man his mother married when he was five.  Ted also suspected he was "illigimate" as a teenager because a cousin told him so, but he did not learn for sure until he was about 22 years old, when he obtained his birth records. In junior high school he was humiliated by other boys in the school locker room merely because he preferred to shower alone. Ann Rule mentions that while Ted admired powerful, successful men, that he had difficulty identifying with such men, and that because women found Ted attractive they were easier for him to deal with. Yet women, in Ann Rule's opinion, also "HELD THE POWER TO HURT AND HUMILIATE." Ted was thus constantly on guard in his relationships with women, as well as with men, and his behavior was apparently very superficial, in that he tried to demonstrate feelings for others that he really did not have, possibly because he was so constantly overwhelmed by a secret dread of being humiliated and rejected and abandoned. His first romantic involvement at the age of about 21 with a girl he met at college, who was attractive and from a properous upper income well-connected family. According to Ann Rule,"She hurt him badly. She did not MAKE Ted an antisocial personality; she EXACERBATED what was also smouldering there. When she walked away from him after there first year together, he was ashamed and humiliated, and the rage he felt was all out of proportion." It was only three days after Ted's girlfriend left that Ted allegedly committed his first murder by bludgeoning and raping "symbolically" another girl. Thereafter, all of Ted's victims were prototypes of the girlfriend who jilted him.  However, suspicions later surfaced that Ted MAY have actually committed his first murder at the age of fifteen, because a female child who resided in the same neighborhood disappeared overnight and was never found. Ted Bundy reportedly was the newspaper delivery boy for her family and the girl reportedly knew and followed Bundy around. Ann Rule states, "I knew that Ted was insane. I cannot justify executing a man who is insane." Others shared Ann Rule's point of view. Psychologist Al Carlisle reported that "Ted had a fear of being humiliated in his relationships with women." A female analyst, Dorothy Lewis (NYU Medical Center) later claimed she felt Ted suffered from manic depressive psychosis ( bipolar disorder). Ann Rule also mentions that Ted regularly used ALCOHOL and MARIJUANA, which may have actually triggered the episodic violence that was unleased on innocent young girls and young women. And all three diagnoses are probably accurate: that Ted was insane, that he did suffer from fears (and rage) over being humiliated by women, and that he probably did indeed sufferer from bipolar disorder. Ted might have also suffered from psychomotor epilepsy that was triggered whenever he used alcohol and marijuana. Yet there is a tendency in the mindset of the criminal justice system to reject claims of insanity and deny the existence of mental illness in favor of the need by some members of society to seek revenge in the form of "capital punishment." This type of barbaric revenge is justified by using the term "psychopathic personality" as an esoteric method of denying the fact that severe psychosis does indeed exist. Placing Ted Bundy in a mental hospital could have perhaps done more for psychiatric research than executing him, in the opinion of author Ann Rule and others. Nevertheless, Ted Bundy was indeed eventually executed. It is an interesting exploration of the human psyche that while Ted abucted, bludgeoned, raped, and murdered dozens of beautiful women, that he reportedly received hundreds of letters from women, expressing their love for him while he was on death row. As a reviewer and (not for profit) psychoanalyst, it is my opinion that Ted Bundy probably suffered some severely damaging psychological humiliation from hostile females at a very early age, and not necessarily from his mother, who apparently did everything possible to try to give Ted Bundy a good life. It could have been from other females in the Cowell household or outsiders. Nevertheless, there is a common tendency to protect people we "love" and are taught by Christianity to "honor" from the condemnation of others, when even though they may have periodically abused us.  For an individual to face with the stark reality that he was perhaps never really loved unconditionally by his own family is unbearable. Ann Rule's book is a brilliant study of the mind of Ted Bundy.     