 * According to author John Modrow, whose mother first took him to a psychiatrist when he was six years old, what the medical profession calls schizophrenia develops as a result of an individual being subjected to very severe and often cruel disparagement by significant others (parents, surrogate parents, classmates) and on whose good opinion he or she is largely dependent, from infancy up, until some especially hurtful incident produces and out-and-out panic state, often during adolescence or early adulthood.  The home environment of individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia is typically "skewed" or "schizophregenic," in that the parents are non-reciprocating and are thus in continuous conflict with each other. Often the parent's own inadequaces are projected onto the child, who becomes a scapegoat. There is no supportive parent available to the child, nor is there a positive role model for the child in the home.   Modrow suggests that it is the parents who initially and inappropriately stigmatize their child with the label "schizophrenic," as a method of deflecting attention away from the fact that it is they, not the child, who are out of sync.  Modrow's book is a signficant and important contribution to the field of mental health.   Psychiatry and society-in-general would learn much IF they would be more attentive to what the patients themselves (Modrow et al) have to say about schizophrenia.   Modrow, who was diagnosed with "schizophrenia" as a child reveals that individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia generally also display the symptoms of both bipolar disorder and multiple personality disorder, and that CONTRARY TO MAINSTREAM PSYCHIATRY'S CLAIM, THE SCHIZOPHRENIC DOES INDEED HAVE A SPLIT PERSONALITY, that the fantasies of schizophrenics indeed represent split-off portions of their personalities.  The so-called schizophrenic's difficulty in making decisions is stymied by the "internal persecutors," the memories of past disparaging remarks and actions of parents and surrogate parents towards the schizophrenic. Because the individual stigmatized with the label "schizophrenic" has suffered as a scapegoat as a child/adolescent, he/she has not developed adequate defense mechanisms for coping with adult interpersonal relationships, which are overwhelming and extremely frightening to him. Thus, he (or she) tends to isolate himself from others and retreats into a fantasy world of his own creation.  Modrow provides convincing evidence that the brains of those diagnosed with schizophrenia do not differ markedly from other people, and that the brain differences that ARE noted via brain scans are the RESULT of neuroleptic drug treatment, not the "schizophrenic" behavior. In many instances, drug treatment by psychiatrists merely results in BRAIN DAMAGE to the client!  The introduction to Modrow's book is written by Bertram Karon, author of Psychotherapy of Schizophrenia, who believes patients who are NOT treated with drug therapy stand a better chance of "recovering" than those who ARE treated with drugs therapy.  One final thought: The individual labeled "schizophrenic" may have initially been more sane than either his parents or the mental health "care takers" that have "treated" him. Mental health treatment often PRODUCES an entirely new set of symptoms.     