 . Breggin's bottom line is that psychiatric patients are treated as objects, not people, by their modern-day psychiatric caretakers. The motive is greed, as pharmaceutical corporations reap profits by exaggerating the benefits of drug therapy and by failing to warn consumers of the damaging effects of psychotropic drugs: shrinkage of the brain and tardive dyskinesia (long-lasting or permanent nerve damage resembling Parkinson's disease).  Incidentally, the drugs also harmfully reduce the body's natural testosterone levels, and testosterone is necessary for critical thinking.  Prescribed "side-effects" medications are also a fraud, as they do NOT prevent shrinkage of the brain, tardive dyskinesia OR any of the other side effects!  The drugs eliminate a patient's free will and creative thinking processes. By eliminating the patient's free will, the psychiatrist is able to manipulate and exploit the patient for his/her own economic gain.  Breggin points out how the "twin studies," used to justify treatment of so-called schizophrenia with neuroleptic drugs, is flawed: that the shrinkage of brains of individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia was most probably the result of at least ten years of treatment with massive doses of neuroleptic drugs and shock therapy. In other words, the drugs CAUSED the brain damage.  Psychiatrists have TOO MUCH unbridled power. Breggin points out that no other profession, indeed no other person, in Western society can exert such personal power over clients or consumers by FORCING patients into treatment on the ground that they are in need of it.  Because virtually ALL hospitalized psychiatric patients, whether violent or not, are placed in LOCKED psychiatric wards and FORCED into electroshock treatments or to comply with drug therapy, many people resultantly are hesitant to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist for ANY reason.  Most mental illnesses are probably caused by parental neglect or viruses during infancy and childhood. Other likely causes of psychosis are peer abuse [scapegoating] and aberrant pyschological conditioning methods utilized by military drill instructors to DESENSITIZE recruits.   Other causes, which Breggin does not mention are anesthesias, including ETHER, traditionally administered during early childhood surgical procedures, such as circumcision, hernia repair, a tonsilectomy.  I KNOW from personal experience that ETHER used medically as an anesthesia during surgery can cause at least temporary, if not permanent brain damage, including chronic daydreaming and long-lasting childhood hallucinations.  It is my own opinon that the psychological shock a child experiences during circumcision and other childhood surgeries is traumatic enough to be a precipitating factor in behavior later diagnosed as attention deficit disorder, schizophrenia or post traumatic stress syndrome.   Breggin believes that the ONLY SANE PSYCHIATRIC TREATMENT would be an emotionally supportive therapist whom the patient can trust. I agree with him.  However, because present-day laws enable a psychiatrist to violate a psychiatric patient's privacy, by requiring him/her to report confidential dialogue to the police authorities, NO patient can trust a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist with confidential information. As a result, unscrupulous psychiatrists can literally destroy you merely by exaggerating or twisting your own words on a medical evaluation.  Totalitarian-like laws make it difficult, if not impossible, for a patient to obtain accurate copies of his or her psychiatric records.  Breggin's book is a must for anyone trying to deal with the legal aspects of forced psychiatric treatment.     