 . This 1988 autobiography of Senator Barry Goldwater contains 16 pages of personal photographs of himself, his family and others. Goldwater was a remarkably handsome man. He had a strong appeal to both men and women. He talks about his high school days at Staunton Military Academy, about his life in Phoenix and his life in Washington.  Having grown up in a very enterprising family, whose own parents indulged him and who managed to keep him from goin' to the slammer for his numerous anti-social acts, he seemed to have great difficulty understanding the plight of those American people who were perhaps not as fortunate as he.  Senator Goldwater, who is one-half Jewish, reveals that while he was in Washington he was never put under greater pressure than by the Israeli lobby, nor has the Senate as a whole.  Goldwater affirms that the Israeli lobby "is the most influential crowd in congress and America by far. The Israelis can come up with fifty votes or more on almost any bill in the Senate that affects their interests. They went to extraordinary lengths to get me to vote for them, even sending some of my dearet and closest Arizona friends, like Harry Rosenzweig, to lobby me in Washington."  Senator Goldwater further remarks:"I don't worry about Israel when I go to bed at night. I worry about the U.S. Constitution, which I've sworn to uphold, NOT Israel's constitution, not that of Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, or anybody else in the Middle East or the world."  The conservative from Arizona also candidly reveals his ornery side. He relates an episode in which he, then 21 years old, and two Army Air Guard buddies [during Prohibition], cross the Southern Arizona-Mexico border at Nogales to wash down a few tequilas and some Mexican beer. While fooling around, sloshing beer out of coffee cans, a passing Mexican policeman gets splashed in the face. Goldwater's two buddies quickly dash across the border into Arizona to avoid arrest. Goldwater, whose leg was in a cast, was thus jailed for assaulting the police officer with beer. However, he managed to spring himself by forging the name of one of his Army buddies, A.J. Bayless, on a blank check drawn on a Phoenix bank, in the amount of his bail, $25. Bayless, who eventually came to own Arizona's largest grocery chain, framed the check. (Charlie Manson got ten in the slammer for merely attempting to cash a forged $40 check!)  The Senator also talks about his pursuit of and proposal to Peggy Johnson of Muncie, Indiana, who became his wife in 1934.   [Peggy's family, incidentally, founded Warner Gear Company and the Borg-Warner Corporation, one of the nation's largest automobile parts manufacturers and war contract corporations. She inherited a trust fund of Borg-Warner stock at the death of her father, Ray Prescott Johnson, just a year before her September 1934 marriage to Goldwater.]  Although Senator Goldwater's wife, Peggy, was a founder and director of Planned Parenthood of Phoenix, and supported a woman's right to choose whether or not she carried her child to full term, the Senator disagreed with her out of "moral principles." Nevertheless, according to Robert Alan Goldberg, author of a subsequent biography titled "Barry Goldwater," published in 1995, Senator Goldwater indeed facilitated an illegal abortion for his then 19-year-old daughter, Joanne, in 1955 by arranging to have her left on a Washington, D.C. street corner to be picked up by unknowns and driven to an underground abortion facility in Virginia. The father of the child was Tom Ross, a medical school student, whom she later married and by whom she sired three daughters and one son.  Senator Goldwater apologizes for not having been more available to his four children, two sons and two daughters. He also talks about his love for wife Peggy, who was not comfortable with the Washington scene, and who preferred life at home in Phoenix, Peggy died in 1985, following emphesema, crippling arthritis and a heart condition, resulting in a leg amputation, and a two-week coma.  He also talks about Peggy going deaf, beginning in 1953, as a result of an inner ear condition, eventually diagnosed as Meniere's syndrome, a condition that also affected the balance nerve, and that gradually worsened over the years. Barry explains how her deafness affected her own life, as well as the life of the rest of the family.  The book is valuable because it is Goldwater's own story, although written through the editorial assistance of Jack Casserly.   Senator Goldwater, who believed that welfare should be the responsibility of families, not the federal government, regrets that he did not finish college, that he did not have a better understanding of economics.   Goldwater himself, however, indeed improved his own economic position by marrying the daughter of Ray Prescott Johnson, a millionaire Muncie, Indiana industrialist, who left his daughter Peggy a trust fund, an income from which The Conservative Senator from Arizona no doubt benefitted.   Who needs government welfare when you've got rich, indulging parents and a rich, indulging wife, who buys you airplanes and other toys! However, The Senator did indeed collect a fat Federal government pension for himself, after he retired from his easy armchair job in the Senate.  The Barry Goldwater Scholarships, by the way, do not come out of the Goldwater Family Trusts. The scholarship money is paid ENTIRELY from Federal tax revenues, provided through special legislation! Senator Goldwater ain't the philanthropist that he and his heirs would perhaps have you believe he is!     