 . This play was written before the end of World War II, during Nazi occupation of France. Sartre does not deny, via the dialogue of his charcters in "Anti-Semite and Jew," that there is a "Jewish race." He also points out that the Israelite (Jew) is "an inseparable ensemble of the psychical, the physical, the social, and the religious comingled."  He also states that "the love of a Jew for a Jewess is not of the same nature as the love he may feel for an Aryan woman." Sartre says "there is a basic doubling of Jewish sensibility" for the Jewess. Thus, the Aryan wife of a Jew would not command the same respect, according to Sartre's Jew, as does a Jewess. AND, according to Sartre, the Jew's professed belief in universal humanism is a mere facade, which would lead one to understandably conjecture that even among those Jews who claim they have assimiliated, have in spirit not assimiliated, that there is a subterranean Jewish community that places the sensibilities of the Jew above those of the non-Jew. Thus, there is an understood racist ideology in the Chosenness theme of Judaism. Chosenness is a form of ethnic (and economic) supremacy, as is clearly revealed in The Torah: Exodus 22:25: If you lend money to any of My people (Israelites, Jews) who are poor among you, you shall not be like a moneylender to him, you shall not charge him interest (as you would to a poor Gentile). Leviticus 25:43-46: And as for the male and female slaves whom you may have from the nations that are around you, from them you may buy male and female slaves . . .and they shall become your property. And you may take them as an inheritance for your childdren after you to inherit them as a possession; they shall be your permanent slaves. BUT REGARDING YOUR BRETHREN, THE CHILDREN OF ISRAEL, YOU SHALL NOT RULE OVER ONE ANOTHER WITH RIGOR. Thus, The Torah, the Jewish Law, well establishes the ethnic and economic supremancy theme of Judaism, as well as the "master-slave" philosophy of Judaism. The Jew is the master, the Gentile is the slave --the permanent slave. The Gentile is, for the Jew, a piece of property, a sub-human entity. It is the Anti-Gentilism of Judaism that has traditionally provoked mistrust of people who do not embrace Judaism. Sartre has borrowed the concept of "authentic" and "inauthentic"  from Martin Heidegger, a German Nazi, who used the term inauthentic to describe an alienated German worker, who was exploited by capitalist industrialist-bankers. The Nazis and the Arabs, as well as some radical Christian groups have so resented the Chosenness theme of Judaism that they have turned the tables on the Jews of Judaism and declared themselves the "chosen people." Sartre claims:  ". . . it is the Christian who has created the Jew by putting an abrupt stop to his assimilation, and in providing him with a function in which he has since propered, trafficing in money, which a Christian could not undertake without defiling himself."   But Sartre is WRONG when he claims that Jews were "not permitted to assimilate." THE FACT IS THAT MANY JEWS DID NOT AND DO NOT WANT TO ASSIMILATE, because they have desired to maintain their philosophical believe in their God-appointed Chosenness status, which serves as a psychological reinforcement of Jewish superiority and Gentile inferiority. The philosophy of Judaism designates the Jews themselves as appointed by God (as revealed to Moses through "voices" he allegedly claimed to hear) to rule the "peoples of the other nations," who are their slaves. Any Jew who denies this is in my opinion guilty of what Sartre himself calls "bad faith."  Bad faith is when one lies to himself about the true meaning of his own acts. Freud used the term PROJECTION, an ego defense mechanism in which unacceptable thoughts or impulses are first repressed, then attributed to others. The end result: paranoia.  It is indeed inappropriate to use the term "anti-Semite" to describe an individual who is opposed to the master-slave philosophy of Judaism as documented in The Torah, on the grounds that the philosophy is undemocratic, especially in view of the fact that American Jews themselves are among those who most outspokenly oppose it. One more point might be made, that it is the Arab, who is also a Semite, who is indeed one of the greatest opposers of Judaism. Among SOME of the the most outspoken "Anti-Semites" or "Jew haters," are the sons and daughters of Jews who claim their parents have "disowned" and cursed them for merely forming friendships or marriages with Gentiles. Sartre's characters in "Anti-Semite and Jew" do not interact. Although written as a play, the  dialogue is simply four disconnected stream-of-conscious monologues. Although there is no logical sequence to his literary work, Sartre does provide the thoughtful reader with some insight into the Jewish mind.     