 . J.R. Salamanca's novel, "Lilith," is 381 pages of masterful prose.    First published in 1961, "Lilith" became an instant classic. It was made into a movie staring Warren Beatty and Jean Seberg in 1964, then republished in novel form in 2000.  The setting is Poplar Lodge, an exclusive private psychiatric facility in Stonemont, Maryland, specializing in treating and attempting to cure its wealthy clients of schizophrenia with milieu therapy in lieu of drug therapy.  Some of Poplar Lodge's patients are described as "seeming to be such assured, vigorous, intelligent people that you wonder what on earth they're doing here. They seem much saner than we do sometimes. But they're not stable. They move through manic cycles of behavior, and soon or later they break down... they may be discussing Kant or Shaw with you one afternoon, in the most profound and witty way, and the next morning be rolling and screaming on the floor."  Vincent Bruce, who is the narrator returns from the war to his hometown of Stonemont, reflecting on his own childhood, the mother who died when he was eight, the father he never knew (who deserted his mother and him); and his paternal grandparents who care for his mother and rear him. He talks about an Army buddy. The two of them plan to open a book store togehter in Stonemont after their military service; however, the Army buddy is killed in line of duty. Vincent returns to Stonemont alone and goes to work at Poplar Lodge as an occupational therapist trainee, to fulfill his dying mother's wishes, that he emulate the life of his namesake, St. Vincent, "the gentlest and kindest of the saints," who "loved and cared for the poor and destitute."   He becomes romantically obsessed and involved with one of his patients, Lilith. Following Lilith's departure from Poplar Lodge to a European clinic, facilitated by her parents, Vincent learns of her eventual drowning in the waters of an Alpine lake. He thus philosophizes, "And yet I exist; for along with many lesser vanities, I have lost the hunger for perfection."   The lengthy, yet emotionally exhausting novel, is a tribute to author Salmanca's great skill as a writer. It is indeed a masterpiece.  The reader may also enjoy viewing the 1964 movie version, available in DVD and VHS from Amazon. However, the movie indeed lacks the literary eloquence of the novel, one of the best novels ever written.      