 . Mr. Baron-Cohen's thesis, that autism is actually an example of the extreme male brain AND that the extreme male brain is  better at systemizing is an interesting theory.  However, other research seems to indicate that while males (on the average) are presumed to perform somewhat better on spatial tests and on mathematical reasonsing tests than females, males with moderate amounts of testosterone in the brain score better on these tests than do men with much higher levels of testosterone. Thus, the so-called EXTREME MALE BRAIN is not necessarily better at systemizing than the ABOVE AVERAGE MALE BRAIN.   In my opinion, the author is perhaps trying too hard to lend support to the "women are from venus and men are from mars" myth.   Society, including meddlesome parents, teachers and psychologists, tries too hard to make children conform to artificial models of "appropriate male behavior and appropriate female behavior," which is perhaps the reason children, as well as adults, have behavior problems.  As a child I was extremely autistic, SO autistic that my second grade teacher thought I was deaf, until I was administered a hearing test by the school nurse. I was considered slow and dumb by my peers and I chose to spend a great deal of time alone with my toy cars and lincoln logs, etc.   I took Mr. Simon-Baron's autism battery of tests. I scored EXTREMELY AUTISTIC on the autistic spectrum. I scored extremely HIGH (69) on the systemitizing test and very AVERAGE male (41) on the empathy test. I scored very ACCURATE in decoding facial expressions.   I never could work algebra problems. However, balancing equations (as well as balancing books) is more of a female thing, according to the experts. However, I had no problem visualizing, estimating, designing and building my own two-story 1,100 sq. ft cabin, doing all the work alone, including the masonry, plumbing and wiring.  The extreme male brain, by the way, ain't likely to be particularly good at or even interested in participating in ANY kind of GROUP sport (i.e. baseball, basketball or football), contrary to popular folklore, as well as popular academic thought! I'd rather be fishin' alone, searchin for  mermaid. Chew that around for a while!   We "extreme males" get very bored and annoyed in being around groups of people. Other people, less extreme male types, apparently become very annoyed in not being able to control and manipulate US! We are very independent minded. We just don't conform to the norm!        