 . Medical journalist Robert Whitaker is right on the mark in his revelation that neuroleptic drugs (i.e. Haldol, Thorazine, Prolixin, Dyprexa, etc., etc.) and even anti-anxiety drugs and antidepressants do NOT cure schizophrenia or any other form of "mental illness." They merely PRODUCE internal anxiety and a variety of chronic physical illnesses and make patients MORE prone to violence.  Whitaker's findings reveal that peudoneurotic or schizophrenic patients typically are withdrawn, often passive individuals, who do not become violent or assaultive until AFTER they have been professionally treated with psychiatric neuroleptic drugs. While the psychiatrically drugged patient may appear to be sedated, he/she is actually suffering severe, often unbearable inner anxiety, making the provoked patient more prone to violence.  Whitaker focuses on LSD studies conducted by Dr. Paul Hock, New York State Psychiatric Institute, from 1949 to 1952, on more than 60 mentally ill patients. The LSD "heightened the schizophrenic disorganization of the individual." The studies indicated that LSD and mescaline could trigger full-blown schizohrenic episodes in pseudoneurotic patients, who, prior to the experiment did not display many signs of schizophrenic thinking.  Whitaker's findings indicate that exploitative, abusive psychiatric caretakers, including psychiatrists, as well as psychiatric aids, often provoke "sedated" patients into violence, then increase their drug dosages.  I know that what Whitaker says is factual. I myself have been a victim of psychiatric abuse of the worst kind right here in America in the 20th and 21st centuries, and I have witnessed the abuse of other patients. The psychiatric treatment at the VA hospital in West Los Angeles is as irresponsible as in any other facility in my opinion. For years, the Brentwood VA psychiatric hospital has been used by pharmaceutical companies and UCLA interns for conducting psychotropic drug experiments on veteran patients,  destroying their nervous systems and their lives.  Some of the damage these neuroleptics cause to the nervous system is irreversible!  Whitaker reveals that pharmaceutical corporations "pay off" medical journal publishers and psychiatrists to minimize the dangers of psychiatric drugs and to glorify and exaggerate the benefits.  From my own personal experience, there are NO benefits to be derived from taking ANY psychiatric drug. Balanced nutrition, regular exercise, and freedom from being locked up in a psychiatric ward (torture chamber) is the only reasonable prescription for dealing with any diagnosed psychiatric condition.  As has previously been said, psychiatric drugs are good business for drug companies and BAD MEDICINE for treating schizophrenia or any other diagnosed mental illness.  Many thanks to Whitaker for his courage in speaking out.     