 - First, the term "anti-Semitism" is in my opinion an inappropriate term for describing the viewpoint of people who do not see eye to eye with the PHILOSOPHY of Judaism. According to dictionaries and encyclopedias, the term Semite is applied to both Jews and Arabs. The Semitic languages comprise a number of ancient and modern languages of SW Asia and Africa. A Semite is one who speaks one or more of those languages.  However, the term "Anti-Semite" is INDEED misapplied when used to describe Arab Muslims and Arab Christians who are opposed to the Jewish persuasion, and South Florida (USA) Arab leaders have continuously pointed out this fact to Jewish leaders.  The philosophy of Judaism is codified in The Torah (the written law) which comprises the first five books of the Old Testament and the Talmud (the documented "oral" law). Any student of philosopy who has actually read and analyzed The Torah can readily discern that The Torah is indeed a doctrine of Jewish supremacy. It is vehemently anti-Gentile in every way. For instance, Leviticus 25:43-46 very clearly authorizes the Israelite/Jew to enslave the men, women and children of the other nations, and to rule over their own people with "less rigor."  Judaism is thus CLEARLY represented by The Torah, the Jewish Holy Book, as a master-slave philosophy.  Authors Prager and Telushkin do recognize the "higher quality of Jewish life" as a "cause of anti-Semitism."  They also explain that the "higher quality of life" is objectively verifiable on pages 46 through 58. They stress that Jews have the highest per capita income of any ethnic group in the USA. They point out that Jewish law, as transcribed in the tzedaka laws, mandates that Jews enable one another to avoid poverty through a sytem of Jewish welfare (for Jews only) that helps Jews to establish themselves in the world as business proprietors and professionals.  Prager and Telushkin are to be commended for their forthrightness in providing the reader, whether Jewish or Gentile, with this very relevant information.  Bryan Mark Rigg, who himself is of Jewish ancestry, has revealed that approximately 150,000 German Nazi soldiers were Jews (Half-Jews). Both Rigg and other Jewish and Gentile writers have documented practices of Consevative and Orthodox Jews that discriminate against and defame the Gentile wifes of Jewish men, practises that have resultingly disenfranchised the children of such unions.  Talmudic scripture, according to Dr. Israel Shahak, makes shockingly vulgar and demeaning references to Gentile women in Hebrew. Jewish children, according to Talmudic scriptue, are encouraged, when passing a cemetery, to bless the mothers of Jews and to curse the mothers of Gentiles.  The term Anti-Zionist might be a more appropriate term to describe those who are not of the Jewish-Israeli persuasion. Zionism being a worldwide political movement for the establishment and development of the Jewish State if Israel. The State of Israel, created in 1948 by an act of the United Nations, resulted in division of and encroachment on Palestinian land and the virtual destruction of Palestine, which is the reason for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict today.   Since citizenship in the State of Israel is dependent on either inherited Jewish blood ties or conversion to Judaism, Zionism is clearly a quasi-racist and fascist political philosophy. It is thus both outrageous and aburd to suggest that one opposed to such a philosophy would be a racist!  It is my observation that some of the most vehement "Jew-Haters" are Jewish people who hate their own parents.  I might quote the words of Dr. Israel Shahak, a holocaust survivor: "Anti-Semitism and Jewish chauvinism (a/k/a Anti-Gentilism) can ONLY be fought SIMULTANEOUSLY."     