 -  The conclusions of Herrstein, Murray (et al) have since been proven to be virtual hogwash. If an IQ test is designed by a virtual moron, then those geniuses who take his IQ test are likely to be considered morons!   Standard IQ tests are in fact flawed!   FIRST, IQ tests do not accurately reveal intelligence. SECOND, IQ test scores do not necessarily remain constant.   Because male brains mature (on the average) three years slower than female brains, a 14-year-old male's IQ score may significantly increase by as much as 20 points by the time he is in his mid twenties.   Social statification involves a multiplicity of variables, of which IQ per se is less important than Herrstein and company believe it to be. It's not necessarily WHAT you know, but WHO you blow. Many a virtual moron with an IQ of 90 ( who can't write his own name, yet who happens to have a genius capacity for creating, inventing) has amassed millions merely by connecting up with the RIGHT mate or partner, male or female, one who complements his abilities in verbal and book balancing skills.   Interestingly, Herrstein claims that while the MEAN IQ for the American population at large is 100, American Ashkanazi (Polish) Jews have a mean average IQ of 103 (three points above the overall average), and African Americans have a mean average IQ of 84 (sixteen points below the national average).  Examples:  Barry Goldwater, who happens to be of Ashkanazi Jewish ancestry, according to biographer Alan Goldberg, had a documented IQ of only 103. HE'S RIGHT ON THE ASKANAZI JEW MEAN AVERAGE! However, his marriage to Peggy, a woman whose father amassed a fortune in manufacturing automotive parts, no doubt improved his class standing and wealth.  President John Kennedy had a documented IQ of 117. His marriage to Jacqueline Bouvier, whose stepfather was an Auchincloss, no doubt improved his class standing and wealth.  Vice President Agnew, with a reported IQ of 180+, quickly lost his high ranking social position when he was found guilty by a court of law of doing STUPID things, like demanding kickbacks from contractors.  Convicted serial killer Gary Heidnik, an alumnus of Stanton Military Academy (Goldwater's alma mater), and who was later diagnosed by U.S. Army and VA psychiatrists as having "schizophrenia," had an IQ that was measured at 124 during his teenage years, yet which was measured to be 145 years later.  The success of billionaire media talk show queen Oprah Winfrey and others like her suggests that Herrstein and company have wasted a lot of ink and paper. They need to do some serious RETHINKING about the relationship between "race," MEAN IQ and social stratificaiton. Much of what Herrstein attributes to race, other scientists attribute to cultural and political influences.     