 . Charles A. Reich was a professor of law at Yale University when he wrote "The Greening of America," which was first published in 1970.   U. S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William O. Douglas, of all people, reviewed and hailed the book as "a first-rate piece of creative thinking."  Peter Marin, New York Times book reviewer, VERY APPROPRIATELY, in my opinion, characterized Reich's book as "simplistic, misleading, presumptuous."  "It's neat insights," concluded Marin, "obscure the truth."  Yale Professor Reich, on page 280 of the book, makes the following statements:  "One of the most important means for restoring dulled consciousness is psychedelic drugs. . . For example, marijuana might be smoked while looking at the sea . . . Grass is a subtle and delicate experience, one that has to be learned, and it is not too different from the heightened awareness that an unusually sensitive or artistic person has... the other psychodelic drugs, mescaline and LSD, are much more powerful than marijuana . . . They make a higher range of experience, extending outward, to deep self knowledge, to religion, and to vision."  Reich furthermore states (page 282): The effect of psychedelic drugs does not end when the drug itself wears off; it is lasting in the sense that the user finds his awareness and sensitivity has increased ..."  The latter statement is misleading, as what Reich and others like him believe to be 'awareness' is a in fact 'delusion.' In fact, LSD and other psychedelic drugs can induce long-lasting or permanent psychosis.  Ted Bundy reportedly began using marijuana at around the time Reich published his book, and apparently was in the habit of smoking marijuana just prior to stalking and murdering young women, mostly college girls. Apparently, Arthur Shawcross, Jeffrey Dahmer, Henry Lee Lucas, Ottis Toole, Richard Ramirez, Herbert Mullin and other serial killers also lost contact with reality while following the advice of Reich and others like him, including Professor Timothy Leary.  Herbert Mullin (read "The Die Song" by Donald T. Lunde and Jefferson Morgan), who was voted by his Santa Cruz, California high school as "most likely to succeed" and who was reared by strict Catholics, experienced what was described as a schizophrenic break from reality after being introduced to marijuana and LSD in about 1969 by a high school chum. He was, a couple years later, although declared insane as a result of the way marijuana and LSD affected his mind, sentenced to prison for murdering the man who introduced him to marijuana and nine other people. In my opinion, Professor Reich and his hot-shot colleagues ought to be doing hard time right along with Mr. Mullin.  There is no doubt in my own mind that Yale Professor Reich and his colleagues had a compelling influence on the minds of people like Bundy, Dahmer, Lucas, Mullin and others, killers who could very accurately be called disciples of Professor Reich.  Buy Reich's book for ONE reason, and one reason ONLY. It will provide you with documented evidence and give you insight into HOW a high profile Yale Law Professor and a "respectable" Supreme Court Justice influenced the use of mind-disabling psychedelic drugs, drugs that no doubt had a direct influence on the minds of America's most notorious serial killers.  Professor Reich was in my opinion severely deluded at the time he wrote this book. He had a dangerous influence on the minds of young people!     