 . No-holes-barred glimpse of the human, vulnerable, salty, unconventional, perhaps real Jimmy Dean by his alleged buddy John Gilmore. Real gutsy! Salty! Yet unlikely!  Gilmore reveals Dean's deeply felt pain as a result of his own father's alleged TOTAL rejection of him. He also explores Dean's sexuality, revealing his own ALLEGED experimental sexual relationship with Dean, as well as Dean's relationships with other men, including Rev. De Weerd, a decorated war hero [who possibly molested Dean while Dean was still a teenager] and Dean's relationships with women.  Book includes snapshots of Dean, which Gilmore claims he took. It also includes snapshots of Gilmore, which Gilmore CLAIMS Dean took. However, there are NO snapshots of the two of them together, nor are their any other documents, such as handwritten notes from Dean to Gilmore, to offer any proof that Dean and Gilmore were ever involved together, as either friends or as roommates.  No other James Dean biographer, nor any individual known to have been associated with Dean has provided any documented proof that Gilmore and Dean even knew each other, which is not to say that they did not know each other.  Dean, of course, was not only an actor and a sculptor, who (according to Gilmore) experimented with marijuana and who liked his booze. He was also a farm boy, a mechanic, a motorcycle enthusiast, a race car driver and a FIRST STRING high school baseball and basketball jock, although there were only 46 boys and girls in his high school graduation class, perhaps 22 of them males. (The competition wasn't intense.)  Gilmore's graphic post-mortem descriptions of Dean's ALLEGED sexual encounters with him seems to be more of a literary kiss-and-tell sexual assault on Dean's privacy than anything else. If Gilmore had been Dean's friend, he would not have revealed what he revealed about Dean, even if it is the truth.  Gilmore's descriptions of Dean's alleged one-on-one sexual encounters with him and Dean's alleged three-way with him and a female in a taxicab reads MORE LIKE MELODRAMATIC FICTION THAN FACT. It's phony and nauseating. What is more, it is does not even remotely sound like James Dean.  Other biographies about Dean reveal that he lived with other males during his short-lived career as an actor. It was a case of someone with more coins providing Dean with a temporalry place to hang his hat during lean times. However, there is no indication that Dean himself was "comfortable" in any of those relationships or that he was an active participant in any ongoing sexual involvement with another male. It seems that he was taken advantage of by others who had the inside connections to the film industry that he did not have.  Dean lived at the YMCA and washed dishes for his rent and for food during his beginnings in New York. I seriously doubt that Dean would have enjoyed the company of someone like John Gilmore or even of some of the other males with whom he is alleged to have had a romantic or sexual involvement.  The ongoing attempt to classify men as either "straight" or "gay" is absurd!   Society requires ALL people to repress their most basic human characteristics in order to conform to the artificial model of what a so-called "real man" or a "real woman" is supposed to be. Most of this is a result of Jewish, Christian and Islamic Biblical scripture.   Without the enforcement of customs and laws that forbid homosexual love, the human race would not be able to propagate itself, such is the belief of those who oppose homosexual marriage and homosexual relationships.  Only James Dean knows the truth about James Dean. It is idiotic to attempt to pin a post-mortem label on Dean or any other man as being either "straight" or "gay." There ain't no pure 100 percent straight men. Good looking, athletic young men are hit on every day by other males, most of them married and with kids. A man is a man is a man. He will do what he feels he needs to do to surivive, which may not necessarily be what he wants to do.  Dean's seeming self-destructive behavior TYPIFIES young men who are victims of not only sexual molestation, but also of sexual humiliation. Following Dean's death, Rev. De Weerd, a man old enough to have been Dean's father, is reported to have bragged about having had a sexual relationship with Dean while Dean was still a developing teenager. DeWeerd took Dean and other boys swimming at the local Y, where boys were REQUIRED to swim naked.     