 I have to say up front that I'm the translator's proud brother.  However, if I had hated it, I wouldn't have commented at all.  A brilliant book, full of the precise observation we normally associate with great poetry.  We see a suicide laid out, two children kissing, a ride in the winter wind,  with nothing of the cliche (or at least the previously-encountered) in the  details.  Berberova gives you the fullness of day-to-day experience by  telling you what no one else has consciously noticed.  She has lifted them  from the subconscious to the fore of attention.  At one level, the least  important, the novel is almost mechanically planned:  3 parts, nine  chapters to a part, each roughly the same number of pages.  That's a  superficial, static structure.  The organic life of the book comes not only  from Berberova's depth of observation, but from her narrative technique - a  kind of "backstitching."  You first encounter fragments that  don't quite make sense, and as you read on, the details get filled in.   It's like coming into the middle of a conversation in which you don't know  the people talked about.  Later, when you do meet the people, you realize,  "Oh yes, that's who was meant."  Berberova is particularly good  at evoking the "floating" state - the feeling of the mind  surrounding everything - that comes from concentrated thought.  You  experience it along with the characters.      The book opens with a  spectacular description of a suicide - an odd opening for a book about  happiness.  Yet the title doesn't seem ironic.  It really is about not just  the pursuit of happiness, but about happiness itself.  One may agree or  disagree with the conclusions the author reaches, but one can't deny the  honesty and the perception in the effort.      I don't understand Russian,  so I can't comment on the accuracy of the translation.  However, I can say  that the translator convinces me that I'm reading great literature, and  that's really the only test I care about.  The English prose is both lively  and beautiful, the "authorial voice" vital and full of  confidence.  Why Berberova was so unknown for so long, I can't tell you,  but in this translation, she is one of the finest modern novelists I've  read.     