 Really if you don't like the show and hence don't watch it don't bother leaving a review. I haven't seen the first two episodes on this disk, but I do have an idea of what is going to happen. However, I have seen Totosai's Rigid Trainging.  It's a scream!  Inuyasha goes off by himself to Totosai in order to learn a technique that will allow his Tetsusaiga to break through Naraku's barrier.  When he arrives he practically begs Totosai to teach him, knowing Totosai never gives free answers.  However the senile old fool has just realized he hasn't bathed in a week and is thinking of what he needs to prepare himself a bath.  Then we discover there is a lynx demon of Shippo's age (sorry I forgot the kid's name) who has been waiting around for ten days to learn the same barrier-breaking technique.  The lynx demon applies the human rules of apprences to their situation which states the first student to arrive gets seniority.  He then begins calling Inuyasha "Junior" and bossing him around.  To Inuyasha's credit he doesn't punch the kid for his attitude.  When Totosai starts muttering outloud what he needs to prepare a bath the two assume he is telling them training techniques, complete spoof on the "Karate Kid".  They take off to do the chores before Totosai can correct their beliefs.  While fetching the water Inuyasha discovers the Lynx is weak with fever and takes him back to the hut where he had been spending the last ten days.  Inuyasha takes care of him and even gives the boy his fish since he hasn't eaten for ten days, the softy!  He then completes the chores for Totosai, yes Inuyasha is working like a dog and willingly, too.  Totosai and Myoga become terrified of the thought of what Inuyasha would do once he learns the truth behind the chores, the image of Inuyasha's wrath made look like the devil.  Then a member of the lynx tribe shows up and tells are little lynx boy that his father is in danger and the reason why the lynx came to learn the technique is finally revealed.  A giant mantis had kicked the lynx demon tribe off the mountain and then put a barrier to keep them out.  His father had been let in and was now badly hurt and no was able to help him.  Inuyasha and lynx boy rush off to save the boy's father.  Fortunately, the mantis is so weak that Tetsusaiga is able to break the barrier and destroy the mantis.  The grateful Lynx Tribe wave goodbye as Inuyasha returns to Totosai with Lynx boy still calling him "junior".  He gets back and Totosai finally confesses the truth of the bath to Inuyasha.  The worst he got, though, was a lump on the head as Inuyasha storms out of his volcanoe in a huff.  Inuyasha reutrns to the village where Kagome has already come back and discovers the goodies she had brought for him had already been devoured by Shippo since he was gone.  He and Shippo get into a fight over the remaining goodies, Kagome calls "sit" and the final line that left my sisters and I howling was Shippo telling Inuyasha that he was going to share with him even though he didn't deserve it.   How did Inuyasha not deserve to have some treats, he didn't lose his temper with that little lynx, despite the kid's attitude, for the entire episode!     