 I wrote a review of this album about a year ago.  Last year U2 was nominated for 3 Grammy awards, just for the song Beautiful Day.  It won all 3 and was now nominated for 8 more...I think this album has changed the way America has thought since September 11th.  On that day, the world changed forever.  I went to U2's Elevation tour and they played their song, Sunday, Bloody Sunday and related it to the terrorist attacks.  They showed a list of all those who were killed in the attacks.  Since that day, I haven't been able to listen to Peace on Earth, When I Look at the World or New York without it bringing to mind all the lives lost at the twin towers...I just hope everyone buys this cd just because of those three songs.  However the rest of the cd is so deep, profound and moving that it is a must for any modern music listener.  For the sake of updating the track listing, here it is again. Track Rundown. 1. Beautiful Day 7/5. This song is the highlight of the album. You have probably heard it on the radio. When I got this cd I looked at the lyrics while listening to it and it made me feel a certain deep emotion. It left me breathless. "The skies of blue shoot up from the stony ground. There is no room, no space to rent in this town...It's a Beautiful Day..." The song is talking about even though the world is depressing, you don't have to be depressed by it. Look at the sky. It's a beautiful day anyway. 2. Stuck In A Moment You can't get out of 5/5. This song is a little bit different than most songs by U2. I heard somewhere that it was kind of about a close friend who committed suicide. It definitely captures that emotion and how you can't seem to get that person out of your head.   3. Elevation 6/5 This song is very interesting. When I first heard this song, I hated it. I thought that it sucked, but after listening to it a lot then I loved it.  The tomb raider mix isn't as good but it so fun to sing along to. Now that I have heard it like a hundred times, It is now one of my favorite songs on the album. I like that it is different from the rest of the album. It gives a fresh feeling and the lyrics are awesome. It is a cool driving song. One that is good to pound out the riffs. 4. Walk On 6/5. This song as you may or may not know is dedicated to Aung San Suu Kyi who is under house arrest. I don't know the story on it but I am sure it is a bad situation. I love this song. It is about leaving a sad situation or place and moving on to a better one. Whether it is referring to this life or the life to come, it gives hope to the masses. 5. Kite 4/5. This is a great song about a changing relationship. At the concert Bono talked about his father's death in relation to this song.  It is so deep.  6. In A Little While 4.5/5 A cool oldie...;style song. More like a pop style song from the 60's. It is about coming home to your family. I am sure it is a song that U2 can relate to. For that it makes the songs real to them and you can feel that emotion.  7. Wild Honey 5/5. Another song that is oldies style that is like a hidden song written by John Lennon. The Beatles are cool. That is why I like it a lot. A good song about a relationship gone sour. About the good times of the past and the times in the future that aren't going to be good. Excellent.  8. Peace On Earth 6/5. This song is basically a prayer to stop the violence, stop the terrorism, stop the wars. U2 as a group is pretty adamant about that. They support a bunch of causes that are against things like that. It think it is a profound realization on what times we live in. 9.  When I Look At The World 6/5. A good song about how the world looks from Bono's point of view. This song is a little too quiet but it does have cool lyrics. 10. New York 6/5. A cool song about living in New York and the people that live in New York. It shows the emotion of the city. 11. Grace 5/5. This song is a great song to finish the cd. It relates the word grace to a person named grace, using personification. It is another song about Peace. Peace is the overall theme of this album. Most Americans take peace for granted because it has always been around for them. As an overall rating out of 100. It gets 96. There are few similarities between this album and Joshua Tree, or any other U2 cd for that matter.  The only similarities are Bono's captivating voice and the poetic and deep words. I know it is hard for big U2 fans to agree, but I find this their best work. I'm not saying anything against their other albums, but this is the album that I know best.     