 First of all, any cd that sells 12+ million copies is either a really good singer or a good scam artist.  I personally believe that she is a good artist.  Yes, she does need help with her singing but the songwriting is excellent and she is extremely actractive.  Any guy who can't say that  Britney Spears is hot is either blind or just weird.  So, because of those  two factors, ...Baby One More Time has sold 12+ million copies.  You have  to give her credit for another thing.  She opened the door for females in  the pop industry.  Without her, Christina Agularia wouldn't be as big,  neither would Mandy Moore, Jessica Simpson, and whoever else decides to  join the bandwagon.   I guess I enjoy pop music.  I really enjoy this cd  and probably will buy Oops I Did It Again as well. As far as a track by  track overview here it is.  1...Baby One More Time-This song is what  started the craze.  I kinda like this song.  It was a good choice for a  first single 2. (You Drive Me) Crazy-I really like this song, especially  the guitar solo in the middle of the song. Awesome. 3.   Sometimes-Personally I don't like it.  I heard it too much and it got  annoying.   4.  Soda Pop-I think this song is ok.  It is a completely  different style. 5.  Born To Make You Happy-This is the song.  This is the  song that makes me say mmm Britney!  Absoulutely without a doubt, the best  song. 6.  From The Bottom of My Broken Heart-I have heard alot of people  say they were disappointed with the song. I kinda like it.  It's Ok 7.  I  Will Be There-This is a pretty good song.  It is basically just filler  material 8.  I Will Still Love You-Pretty Good 9.  Thinking About You-This  is the song that she released kinda half-heartedly.  It is pretty good. 10.   E-mail my Heart-I love this song.  It really applys to this generation.   It is very well written.   11.  The Beat Goes On-I don't really like it.   It is kinda dumb.   Anyone who has doubts about buying this cd should  just go and buy it.  You wont regret it.     