 What a shame that the movie "Red Planet" has performed so poorly with clueless movie critics & also at the U.S. box office. This is an excellent sci-fi adventure film that deserves MUCH better, and I hope & pray that the home video market will be a lot kinder to it.One of the great things about "Red Planet" is it's striking soundtrack, with music composed by Graeme Revell. I first became aware of Revell's work on another of my favorite films, "Strange Days," and I must say, this guy is GOOD. His music for "Red Planet" is simply incredible, and thankfully, we get a big seven tracks from Revell on this soundtrack album. On four of them, there are superb vocal contributions by Italian songstress Emma Shapplin and singer Melissa Kaplan, whose operatic voices compliment Revell's compositions beautifully. Revell also gets some spotlight time to himself, as on the simple but stunning "Alone," and the adrenaline-pumping "Crash Landing." I hope this man one day wins an Oscar recognising his film-scoring chops, because he certainly deserves one.However, Revell is in very good company on the "Red Planet" soundtrack. Peter Gabriel makes a very powerful contribution with a pair of slammin' remixes of "The Tower That Ate People," a song from his import-only album, "OVO." William Orbit's Strange Cargo are also represented with the spacey, hypnotic "MontokPoint," and last but not least, Sting is onboard with the lovely "A Thousand Years," a song borrowed from his "Brand New Day" album which really does fit perfectly with the mood of the film, and a very catchy remix by Different Gear of Sting's old classic with The Police, "When The World Is Running Down." From start to finish, this soundtrack album GRABS you.The "Red Planet" movie soundtrack is a terrific CD that is definitely worth adding to your collection. It's music will make you sit up and take notice. Hopefully, it will also get you to see "Red Planet" itself if you haven't done so already! To heck with the critics---it's a very strong adventure film, and this first-rate soundtrack album is one of the reasons why.     