 "Help!" is the Beatles' 1965 soundtrack album to their first color movie, and, like all Beatles albums, it's a must-have. The Fab Four's music continues to evolve and the production work gets a bit more sophisticated with this one, though the pop ditties and love songs are still there (but hey, nothing wrong with that!). This album has many Beatles favorites on it, including the title song written by John Lennon (apparently a personal cry for assistance, as Lennon was under a considerable amount of pressure at this time, being a world-famous Beatle and all, and poured his heart out about it in this classic pop song). There's also the rockin' fun of Paul McCartney's "The Night Before," Lennon's beautiful "You've Got To Hide Your Love Away," and George Harrison's excellent "I Need You." "Help!" also features my personal favorite Beatles song of *all-time*, the brilliant pop-rocker "Ticket To Ride" (this was also the very first Beatles song I ever heard as a child, as my sister had an old 45 single of it). It really is an awesome, jamming song, and it still stands today as my personal favorite tune from the Fab Four. Drummer Ringo Starr shines brightly in his country-esque spotlight song, "Act Naturally," Lennon serves up the lovely "It's Only Love," and then, of course, there's McCartney's timeless ballad, "Yesterday." Yes, it's been played on the radio to death, and yes, there are WAY too many cover versions of it out there (PLEASE, recording artists of the world, no more cover versions of "Yesterday." PLEASE). But every time I play the "Help!" album, and "Yesterday" comes on---with the one-and-only Paul McCartney singing it---I am entranced. It remains, no matter how many times you've heard it, one of the most beautiful ballads ever written, and Paul McCartney is the ONLY human being on the entire planet who can do justice to it. Finally, John Lennon leads the lads in a rousing, rockin' finale, "Dizzie Miss Lizzie." From start to finish, "Help!" is yet another jewel in the Beatles' musical crown.          