 British pop singer Cathy Dennis was one of 1990's biggest success stories with her debut album, "Move To This," which scored Cathy three Top Ten hits in the U.S. (or four Top Ten hits if you count her 1989 hit song with D-Mob, "C'Mon And Get My Love," which is also featured here). This is an excellent, solid pop album by this very beautiful, very gifted singer & songwriter. Cathy co-produced "Move To This" with Phil Bodger and co-wrote nine of the album's ten songs, and they're all wonderfully catchy, upbeat, and melodic, with Cathy's singing voice SO very lovely. The hits are all here: "C'Mon And Get My Love," "Just Another Dream," the #2 smash "Touch Me (All Night Long)," and the beautiful ballad "Too Many Walls." Other winners include the catchy dancefloor ditties "Everybody Move," the title track, "Got To Get Your Love" and "Taste My Love," and the sweet pop ballads "Tell Me" and "My Beating Heart." Great sparkling production, irresistible songs, and Cathy's wonderfully angelic voice add up to a very classy, top-notch pop album.I rate "Move To This" 4 stars instead of a perfect 5 for two reasons. Although I love "Move To This," and it IS the album that Cathy Dennis is the best known for, with all of her biggest hits on it, I think she really did top herself with her next two albums, "Into The Skyline" (my personal fave), and "Am I The Kinda Girl," in which Cathy got even more involved with the songwriting, played keyboards, and came up with a pair of albums that are, in my opinion, even *better* than "Move To This." Also, the album version of "Touch Me (All Night Long)," though I like it just fine, is NOT the hit version you heard on the radio. Cathy's vocals are the same, but the music mix is not. To get your hands on the hit radio mix of "Touch Me," you need to buy a dance mix compilation CD, like "Party Central" or "Dance Mix USA." But other than that, "Move To This" is a marvelous, classic debut album from the Queen Of Pop, Cathy Dennis. Put it on, and move to this!     