 The greatest thank you I can give to British producer D-Mob, aka Dancin' Danny D, is that he gave the very lovely & talented singer Cathy Dennis (of whom I'm a big fan) her start. She sings a couple of songs (and co-wrote one of them) on D-Mob's 1989 album, "A Little Bit Of This, A Little Bit Of That," a dance pop album that, very surprisingly, is only half-good (though it's nothing against Cathy Dennis---I like her contributions just fine). This is the only album I can think of that has a very good first half, but does a total 180 degree turn in the second half and heads south. It's as if D-Mob simply ran out of ideas halfway through the recording process, so he just padded out the album with meaningless filler. Oh well. But first, the good half: "C'mon And Get My Love" (a U.S. Top Ten hit) is a catchy tune, with a great vocal from Cathy. "All I Do" is a cover of a Stevie Wonder song, but it's very well done, with a good lead vocal by Danny Madden. D-Mob himself takes the mike on "It Really Don't Matter," another excellent pop song. Cathy Dennis returns to sing lead on the marvelous "That's The Way Of The World" (which she co-wrote), definitely the album's best song (but was it released as a single, I wonder?). This is followed by a brief instrumental reprise of "It Really Don't Matter," which is certainly good, but it's another piece of evidence that D-Mob was desperately short on material. And that's the end of the album's good songs.The *second* half is a whole other matter. "It Is Time To Get Funky" and "Put Your Hands Together" is just generic rap, while "A Rhythm From Within," "Trance Dance," and "We Call It Acieed" is just generic techno. These tracks *really* make my skin crawl, and I can't even listen to them anymore. Sorry, D-Mob!So....I'm going to recommend D-Mob's "A Little Bit Of This, A Little Bit Of That" to the diehard Cathy Dennis fans who want to get their hands on Cathy's earliest pair of songs, and because the album's *first* half is indeed very good dance pop. Just be prepared to hit the stop button when you get to track six!     