 I'm a quintessential Genesis fan, and I love ALL of the band's music, whether it's the early stuff with Peter Gabriel singing lead, or the later stuff with Phil Collins at the mike (or Ray Wilson, for that matter). But for this review, we are talking about the band's Peter Gabriel era. "Genesis Archives Vol. 1, 1967-1975" is a dream come true for diehard fans of Gabriel-era Genesis. Three years in the making, this 4-CD box set is stuffed with all kinds of Gabriel-era goodies: live recordings, rare B-sides, and lots of previously unreleased songs. For the diehard Genesis fan, listening to this box set is the musical equivalent of striking gold.The first half of "Archives" is devoted to a priceless live recording of the band performing their rock opera, "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway," in January 1975 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles. It's a barnburning performance of this Genesis classic. Admittedly, this concert recording has been doctored somewhat. Along with a new studio remix of the concluding song, "It," included here because the original concert tape ran out during the final song (doh!), Peter Gabriel, displeased with most of his lead vocals on the original live recording, re-did the majority of his "Lamb" vocals for this box set. Meanwhile, guitarist Steve Hackett also re-did some guitar parts, as he felt his hand injury back in '75 affected his playing on the original concert recording. You may consider Gabriel & Hackett's touch-up work here to be "cheating," but their new contributions are terrific, and they're blended in SO seamlessly with the original concert tape, that you hardly notice the difference.Disc 3 continues with more terrific live stuff, including the highly sought-after live version of the band's 25-minute opus, "Supper's Ready." There had never been a live version of "Supper" available with Peter Gabriel singing lead on it, so this is yet another priceless live recording for the Genesis faithful. Then we're treated to some great B-sides, including the rare single version of "Watcher Of The Skies" (a totally different recording from the longer album version), and, what is without question a Genesis masterpiece, the thrilling "Twilight Alehouse."Finally, Disc 4 is chock full of the band's earliest of early recordings from 1967 to 1970, including vintage BBC material and previously unreleased songs. These are fabulous songs, all of them. My personal faves: the BBC version of "Dusk," "Shepherd" (featuring a rare co-lead vocal from keyboardist Tony Banks), "Pacidy," the beautiful "Let Us Now Make Love," the great piano-thumper "Going Out To Get You," "Build Me A Mountain," "Hey!", and "Try A Little Sadness." "Genesis Archives Vol. 1" is a MUST-OWN collection for anyone who digs early Genesis with Peter Gabriel at the microphone. Can I praise this superb box set any higher? I think not. :-)     