 The planet Earth is destroyed by an evil alien race called the Vogons in order to make way for a hyperspacial bypass. Fortunately, one bewildered Earthman named Arthur Dent is rescued from the Earth's destruction at the last possible moment by his friend Ford Prefect, who turns out to be an alien from the planet Betelgeuse. They stow away on a Vogon freighter, and are eventually rescued by the whacked-out Zaphod Beeblebrox & his Earthwoman companion, Trillian, in their absolutely fantastic ship, the Heart Of Gold. From here on out, it's outrageous shenanigans in space, as Arthur and friends discover what the true purpose of the planet Earth was for, that it's always important to know where your towel is, and that the answer to Life, The Universe & Everything is "forty-two".... It began life as a BBC radio play, and then it spun off into something much bigger, including comedy albums, a TV miniseries, and, of course, the books. "The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy," by the late, absolutely great Douglas Adams, is a true comedy classic of the literary world, and is a must-read for all fans of not only science fiction, but off-the-wall British comedy, which Adams gleefully, and cleverly, blends into one. I first read the books as a young teenager some twenty odd years ago, and, re-reading them now, they still make me laugh just as uproariously as they did back then. This book, Part One in the "Hitchhiker's" saga (five books in all), gets things off to a flying start, with many great, hilarious chapters & characters, not only Arthur, Ford, Zaphod & Trillian but also Marvin the paranoid android, and the old wise man, Slartibartfast. Douglas Adams was a comic genius, gifted with a tremendously clever wit & sharp writing style, which he worked to maximum effect with the "Hitchhiker's" books. His wonderful observations & short stories sprinkled throughout about Life in the Universe are also a great treat to read. There's more intergalactic misadventures for Arthur & the gang in Book Two, "The Restaurant At The End Of The Universe," but "The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy" is a marvelous opening book to this legendary sci-fi comedy saga. It is extremely funny, extremely clever, and extremely classic. God bless you, Douglas Adams, wherever you are.     