 After 1999's "The Time Machine," Alan Parsons and his longtime musical collaborators since the late 70's, guitarist Ian Bairnson and drummer Stuart Eliott, decided the time had come to go their separate ways. No animosity---they just decided that they'd taken Parsons' trademark style of progressive pop/rock as far as it could go, and they all wanted to work with other people. For Parsons, this meant that his next album was going to be something totally different from anything he'd done in the past. Five years later, we have that album at last: "A Valid Path." This album is bound to generate different reactions from different Parsons fans, because "A Valid Path" is Alan Parsons' very first sojourn into the world of *electronica* music. Some fans will love it right away, some will warm up to it after a few listens, and yes, some fans are bound to be put off by it. Me? I'm in the first group all the way. I think "A Valid Path" is a truly inventive, colorful, hypnotic, intelligent platter of music, and one of Parsons' very best. Not only am I excited by Parsons doing something totally different here, I am also thrilled that he REALLY got involved with this album. "The Time Machine" is a great album, but I was disappointed that Parsons didn't do much more than simply produce it. With "A Valid Path," Parsons co-wrote all of the material, plays instruments on most of the tracks, and, for the proverbial cherry on top, he sings his very first *natural-sounding* lead vocal on a song! (He sang the first section of "The Raven" on 1976's "Tales Of Mystery And Imagination," but his voice was distorted by a vocoder). Collaborating with Parsons on "A Valid Path" are some of the biggest names in electronica music---The Crystal Method, Shpongle, P.J. Olsson, Nortec Collective, Deep E, and Uberzone. Even Parsons' son, Jeremy Parsons, helps out his dad with the programming on several tracks. And, for the coup de grace, Parsons even managed to reel in legendary guitarist David Gilmour of Pink Floyd to play on the opening cut. The album's first track, "Return To Tunguska," is a hypnotic wonder, with David Gilmour playing some amazing guitar solos on top of it (and a message to Floyd fans: if you've been starving for a new Pink Floyd fix for the last ten years, then "Return To Tunguska" is probably as close as you're gonna get to one). "More Lost Without You" is easily the most radio-friendly song on the album, but it's a catchy, bouncy tune, with a fine lead vocal by P.J. Olsson. Then, Parsons treats us to an electronica remake of the classic "Eye In The Sky" instrumental, "Mammagamma." Some may argue that this track is simply filler, but I think it works really well, and it IS a lot of fun to hear "Mammagama" with a fresh coat of paint. Then comes the song where Parsons REALLY stands up and has himself counted, "We Play The Game"---Alan wrote the lyrics, co-wrote the music, plays keyboards, guitars & bass, AND sings the lead vocal. It's a breathtaking number, and it also proves that Parsons is, in fact, a darn good singer! I hope his success in creating this song will convince Parsons to sing lead on more songs in the future. "Tijuaniac" is the most laid-back piece on the album, but it's very lush and sensual, with some excellent percussion throughout. Heck, it can even work as background music for lovemaking. "L'Arc En Ciel" kicks off with some marvelous rainstorm sound effects before transforming into a driving, atmospheric piece. It's a great feast for the ears. Parsons goes back in time once more with "A Recurring Dream Within A Dream," a reworking of two classic tracks from "Tales Of Mystery And Imagination." Again, some might say it's filler, but I love the freshness that Parsons brings to this classic Project oldie. "You Can Run" is a strong, rough & tough electronic rocker, featuring lead vocals by David Pack of Ambrosia. Finally, the album heads for home with "Chomolungma," a powerful instrumental with a great orchestral ambience to it, featuring some haunting tribal chants toward the end.     