 While I don't subscribe to some Genesis fans' opinion that "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" is the band's "last good album," I DO agree that "The Lamb" is a towering work, and not only a classic Genesis album, but a classic album in rock, period. It's the band's grandest work, their only concept album, and, of course, their final studio album with Peter Gabriel. "The Lamb" closes a very major chapter in the career of this great band, and it does so brilliantly.The album's bizarre story has been interpreted in SO many ways, and here's another interpretation for you all to ponder: the album to ME is about a Puerto Rican kid named Rael, living in New York City and is somewhat reckless in nature. One foggy evening, he is killed in an auto accident while crossing the street, and he then spends the rest of the album in a bizarre "afterlife purgatory," fighting to save his soul through a series of strange tests, put forth to him by the ones who run the place (even Death himself makes a cameo appearance). Happily, at the album's end, Rael *literally* saves himself in his final test at the rapids, and moves on to that Great New York City In The Sky....(if you happen to disagree with this interpretation, that's fine. But try listening to "The Lamb" one evening with this "afterlife" plot in mind...you may be surprised on how well it actually fits!).EVERYONE in Genesis truly shines on this album. In his final album with the band, singer Peter Gabriel exits the group on a brilliant high note. His passionate singing & flute playing is supreme, and his lyrics for the album, while sometimes abstract, are quite fascinating (and so is HIS detailed version of the story on the inside of the CD booklet). "The Lamb" is arguably the best work genius-keyboardist Tony Banks has ever done with the band. His intricate playing here is SO rich and full of variety. The moods, sounds, spaces, and sound effects he creates throughout the album are simply stunning. Banks truly is the Keyboard King Of Rock. Anyone who slags Phil Collins these days desperately needs to give his powerful drumming work on "The Lamb" a listen. Collins is first and foremost a *drummer*, and always has been. His explosive work behind the drumkit on this album speaks for itself. Mike Rutherford expertly keeps the bassline on "The Lamb" big and fat (just the way I like it!), while the one-and-only Steve Hackett delivers some incredible work on the guitar as only Steve Hackett can.After "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway," Peter Gabriel grew weary of the rock biz in general & also grew weary of his increasingly hard life as the flamboyant frontman for Genesis, and he left the band. Genesis would carry on without Gabriel just fine, thank you very much (with Phil Collins as the new lead singer), and the band, in MY opinion, would carry on to make more brilliant albums (including the classics "A Trick Of The Tail" & "Wind & Wuthering"). But "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" forever stands as one of the group's greatest works. It's a stunning acheivement, and a masterwork of rock music. No matter what you think of Genesis today, there WAS a time when they gave bands like Pink Floyd and Yes a run for their money in the progressive rock sweepstakes. This album is the proof.     