 Many Who fans name 1971's "Who's Next" as the Who's masterpiece, and why not---*every single track* on it is an FM-radio staple. My personal favorite Who album remains "Tommy," but "Who's Next" easily gets the runner-up slot. It's a classic Who album AND a classic rock album in general, no doubt about it. "Who's Next" began life as the Who's follow-up rock opera to "Tommy," which was to be called "Lifehouse." But, to make a long story short, "Lifehouse" turned out to be too complicated a project for guitarist Pete Townshend & company to put together, despite all of their efforts. So, the "Lifehouse" project was abandoned altogether, but Townshend made the wise decision to save some of the songs written for "Lifehouse" for the next Who album, which would NOT be a rock opera, but would just be a "regular" Who album. And "Who's Next" was born. (As for "Lifehouse," it would remain shelved until 1999, when Townshend finally presented it as a BBC radio play.)ALL nine tracks on "Who's Next" are signature Who songs: "Baba O'Riley," "Bargain," "Love Ain't For Keeping," "My Wife," "The Song Is Over," "Getting In Tune," "Going Mobile," "Behind Blue Eyes," and "Won't Get Fooled Again." All of them brilliantly written by Townshend except for "My Wife," which was brilliantly penned by bassist John Entwistle (some fans name "My Wife" as the album's best song---I'm sure that makes Townshend feel really good!). Besides the outstanding songwriting, the Who totally ROCK on this sucker. Roger Daltrey's singing voice is a force of nature all on it's own (and Daltrey also gets one of THE greatest rock screams ever recorded on "Won't Get Fooled Again"), Townshend's guitar & keyboard work is both ferocious and beautiful, and his occasional singing compliments Daltrey's very strongly. John Entwistle's bass is a monster, and his vocal on "My Wife" is excellent (his horn-playing on the song is also pretty cool). And Keith Moon is simply an electrifying powerhouse on the drumkit.This remastered edition of "Who's Next" not only sounds great, but it also comes with seven classic bonus tracks, including an alternate version of "Behind Blue Eyes," and other Who greats like "Baby Don't You Do It," "Naked Eye," "Pure And Easy," "Water," "Too Much Of Anything" and "I Don't Even Know Myself." From beginning to end, this Who CD is a complete package. As it's been said so many times before, The Who's "Who's Next" is a definitive, all-time rock classic, and one of the group's very best works. NO rock fan's music collection is complete without it.     