 Although I'm a huge Douglas Adams fan, I didn't touch his 1990 book "Last Chance To See" for 14 years because it wasn't a "proper" Adams novel. This isn't a fictional, funny book about the exploits of Arthur Dent & friends as they roam throughout the galaxy, or a fictional, funny book about the exploits of detective Dirk Gently. Instead, "Last Chance To See" is a non-fictional travelogue book that Adams co-wrote with zoologist Mark Carwardine, chronicling their year-long trek around the world in search of endangered species. While I appreciated what Adams was trying to do with this book, I just didn't care to read it. Now, 14 years later, I realise what an ignorant fool I'd been. "Last Chance To See" is a wonderful, funny, *important* book, and Adams has written it with the same wit & flair that he used for his best "Hitchhiker's" and "Dirk Gently" books. It is also very powerful and sad at times, in it's depiction of the grave circumstances that many of these endangered animals are in. But Adams never jumps on a soapbox and he doesn't lecture. He simply tells you of his travels and he gives you his very clever insights about these very precious animals and their situations, while mixing in some very good information & quotes about these creatures supplied by Carwardine (who also wrote the book's epilogue). And the travels of these two men is very funny at times, such as their problems at an African airport, Adams' battle with mosquitos, their search for condoms in China (though NOT for the reason you think), and the hilarious, hair-raising episode with a reckless Land Rover driver. And all the while, the reader learns about the plight of such animals as the Komodo dragon, the Kakapo, the blind river dolphins of China, the white rhino, and the silverback gorilla (and excellent photos of each are also included). And although Adams never preaches, he succeeds in making the reader aware---and saddened---of how thoughtless the human race has been in the past in the treatment of these animals. And finally, Adams concludes the book with a very powerful story he heard when he was young about the 12 books of knowledge that puts the whole thing in perspective.Whether you're a Douglas Adams fan, or simply interested in endangered species, this book is an absolutely essential purchase. Sorry, Douglas, that it took me so long to get to it! But I'm very glad that I finally read it. "Last Chance To See" is a funny, touching, thought-provoking book.         