 1987's "Gaudi" was the last collaboration between Alan Parsons and his musical partner Eric Woolfson under the "Alan Parsons Project" name. An album inspired by the life and works of architect Antonio Gaudi, "Gaudi" is a very rich, elegant, powerful album for the Project to go out with. "La Sagrada Familia" is a beautiful orchestral rock epic, with a great lead vocal by John Miles. Longtime Project vocalist Lenny Zakatek takes the mike on "Too Late," an awesome pop-rocker that could've been (and should've been) a huge hit for the group, though it wasn't released as a single. Eric Woolfson sings on "Closer To Heaven," a very beautiful, heavenly Project number. The lone single release from the album, "Standing On Higher Ground," is a very cool, catchy tune, sung by Geoff Barradale of the mid-80's group Vitamin Z (remember them?). John Miles returns for another lead vocal on "Money Talks," which is a great, down & dirty rocker. Woolfson then returns once more for the lovely "Inside Looking Out," and the album concludes on a very high note with a short instrumental reprise of "La Sagrada Familia," featuring excellent spanish guitar by Project veteran Ian Bairnson. As always on a Project album, the performances, production and sound quality are sharp & superior, and the outstanding orchestral touches by Andrew Powell is the icing on an already delicious musical cake.Alan Parsons did, in fact, work with Eric Woolfson one last time on Woolfson's 1990 concept album, "Freudiana," before the duo finally went their separate ways ("Freudiana" is only available on import, but it's an absolutely brilliant, MUST-buy CD for diehard Project fans). Parsons has since gone solo (though he's retained the services of several Project members for his latest albums), while Woolfson has since gone into the world of musical theater, writing & producing several musicals that have been performed throughout Europe. But these two men have created together some of the most fantastic music I've ever heard (and are STILL making fantastic music on their own these days), and "Gaudi" is a gorgeous, dazzling, memorable album to close out the Alan Parsons Project with. Thank you Alan, Eric, and the rest of the Project gang---long live the Project!     