 The Alan Parsons Project's last official album was 1987's "Gaudi." After this, Alan Parsons worked with his Project partner Eric Woolfson one last time on Woolfson's 1990 album, "Freudiana," before the duo finally went their separate ways. Three years later, Parsons returned to recording with his first "solo" album, "Try Anything Once." No longer using the "Project" name, Parsons' 1993 disc still sounds very much like a Project album, with Parsons' magical touch in producing outstanding progressive pop-rock firmly intact, along with the aid of ace studio musicians, including longtime Project members Ian Bairnson on guitar & Stuart Elliot on drums, and a strong cast of revolving lead singers, this time augmented by David Pack of Ambrosia, Chris Thompson of Manfred Mann, and Eric Stewart of 10CC. Parsons also accepts songwriting contributions from some of his collaborators on the album. A solid full hour of classic Alan Parsons music, "Try Anything Once" will not disappoint Parsons' longtime fans.Things get rolling to a great start with "The Three Of Me," sung and co-written by David Pack. "Turn It Up," sung by Chris Thompson, is an instant Parsons classic, a great anthem that's guaranteed to get your heart pumping. Eric Stewart sings lead on the brilliantly super-smooth "Wine From The Water." The instrumental "Breakaway" follows, written by Parsons, and it's a terrific cross between "I Robot" and "Where's The Walrus?". "Mr. Time" gets the powerful female voice of Jacque Copland, and it's a blazing 8-minute piece of exciting prog pop-rock. "Jigue" is a giddy little instrumental, followed by the catchy number "I'm Talkin' To You," sung by Pack. Eric Stewart returns for the gorgeous "Siren Song," which easily recalls the classic Parsons nugget "To One In Paradise." The brief, peaceful instrumental "Dreamscape" then gives way to the tough, swaggering number, "Back Against The Wall," another great album highlight and sung by Thompson. "Re-Jigue" is obviously a reprise of "Jigue," only this time with a thunderous full orchestra, courtesy of longtime Parsons conductor & orchestrator Andrew Powell. Finally, David Pack returns to sing the triumphant concluding song, "Oh Life (There Must Be More)." The music is sensational, as is the album's production & sound. And although Eric Woolfson's presence is missed, "Try Anything Once" shows that Alan Parsons is getting on with his musical career just fine. In fact, "Try Anything Once" was the very first album that Parsons actually *toured* behind, finally stepping out of the recording studio at long last to bring his fans fantastic live performances of his music with a cracking live band. And, very happily, he's been touring ever since. The music goes on for Alan Parsons with "Try Anything Once," a dazzling addition to your Alan Parsons CD collection, with or without the Project name.     