 The Association are one of the most underacknowledged brilliant bands from the late 60's/early 70's. Oh sure, these guys had several big hit singles through 1968 ("Windy" being the best-known of the lot), but come 1969, the public's interest in The Association was waning, which is a total shame if you ask me. After all, these guys from Los Angeles have created some of the most beautiful pop/rock that has ever been done. (There's also a marvelous art-rock feel to some of their material---"Requiem For The Masses" is a perfect example.) Their tight musical chops & intelligent songwriting alone is worth the price of admission, but then, there's also their heavenly choir voices....aaaah. Pure vocal magic. The Association may be best known for their early ballads, but these Japanese re-issues of their catalog, as pricey as they are, prove that there is SO much more to this band than just their "Greatest Hits" collection.I can't believe the whole world totally missed the boat on the group's fabulous self-titled album from 1969. "The Association" marked the beginning of the downward arc for the band commercially: there were no hit singles, and record sales weren't too hot, either. But *creatively*, the band had never been better. I love all of their earlier albums, but "The Association" is the group's finest work. By this time, the band had branched out into creating songs that were a bit more sophisticated and arty. In fact, the group sound on this album like a cross between The Moody Blues & The Alan Parsons Project! Even the album cover, with it's striking "Stonehenge in outer space" painting, signaled that The Association were doing something very different indeed with this record. And it's magnificent.Gorgeous songs abound everywhere: "Love Affair," "The Nest," "Under Branches," and the brilliant album-closer, "Boy On The Mountain," which almost brings me to tears whenever I hear it. "Yes I Will" & "Are You Ready" are really catchy songs that *should* have been big hits. And then there's "Broccoli"---it is what it is, folks. If this wonderfully silly song doesn't put a smile to your face, then you must not have a sense of humor!The door may have been closing on The Association by the time 1969 rolled around, but the band were still at the top of their game musically. "The Association" is a fabulous album by this equally fabulous band, and is a true buried musical treasure. It's worth every penny of the import price, and is highly recommended. There IS more to The Association than just "Windy."     