 The third album from Mike + The Mechanics, 1991's "Word Of Mouth," *should* have been a commercial success. Mike Rutherford's band outside of Genesis had had two hit albums in a row, including a #1 smash on the singles chart with the achingly beautiful title song from their second album, "The Living Years." Instead, "Word Of Mouth" sank like a stone---no hit singles at all, and the album didn't even chart. What happened? I can only guess that it was simply a case of bad timing. Since the late 70's, the members of Genesis had usually done one solo project apiece inbetween Genesis albums. But with "Word Of Mouth," Mike Rutherford got to make *two* solo projects, delivering another Mechanics album at a time when many fans were truly hungry for a new Genesis album, having not had one in five years. Rutherford quickly bounced back by rejoining Genesis for the highly successful "We Can't Dance" album, released later in the same year, but in the process, "Word Of Mouth" simply disappeared without a trace.It's a terrible shame that "Word Of Mouth" was neglected, because there are several songs on this wonderful album that could've been potential hits. The catchy opener, "Get Up," nicely sung by Paul Carrack, could easily have been a radio hit. The title song is an awesome, energetic sing-a-long rocker (complete with a cheering, sing-a-long audience), and brilliantly sung by the late, great Paul Young. "A Time And Place," sung by Carrack, is a beautiful ballad. Carrack also takes the mike for the very bouncy, finger-snapping "Everybody Gets A Second Chance," featuring a great guitar hook from Rutherford. Paul Young delivers more excellent vocals on the heartfelt "Stop Baby," and the passionate "Let's Pretend It Didn't Happen." There's even an excellent duet for the two Paul's on the fine popper, "My Crime Of Passion," and "Before (The Next Heartache Falls)" is a powerful closer, featuring a top-notch vocal from Carrack, and fine accompanyment from the London Community Gospel Choir. The songs, co-written by Rutherford, Carrack, B.A. Robertson and co-producer Christopher Neil are all excellent, the musical performances are strong, and the production is bright and sparkling.Unfortunately, "Word Of Mouth" is now out-of-print, but I'm very happy to see that many used copies are available here at Amazon, AND at good prices, so please don't miss out on adding this great buried treasure from Mike + The Mechanics to your CD collection. It may not have sold diddly back in 1991, but nonetheless, "Word Of Mouth" is a marvelous pop-rock offering from Mike Rutherford & company. Don't let this album pass you by!     