 After the phenomenal success in the UK of their 1988 self-titled debut, the Stone Roses should've capitalised on their success and recorded a follow-up album a year or two later. Instead, the band got tangled up in legal problems with their record label (though I don't know the details), which would sideline the group for six long years. When the smoke *finally* cleared in 1994, with the Stone Roses having switched over to Geffen Records, they finally released their long-awaited second album, appropriately-titled "Second Coming." Unfortunately, in the six years that the Stone Roses had been away, it seemed that time had passed them by. Oasis were now the UK's #1 group, and reaction to "Second Coming," both in sales and fan & critical response, was disappointing. The Stone Roses disbanded shortly afterwards, and since then, "Second Coming" seems to have been forgotten. It doesn't deserve to be---"Second Coming" is an outstanding album that I, personally, like even *better* than the band's celebrated 1988 debut, though brilliant that album is. I guess this makes me a "twisted" Stone Roses fan, but seriously, people, I LOVE this album. Nevermind the ridiculous criticism or disappointing sales---"Second Coming" is a fantastic, powerful piece of work, and one of my all-time favorite albums. For "Second Coming," the Stone Roses branched out into rock music even more experimental than on their debut disc, combining even more abundant elements of pop, psychedelia, dance, acoustic, progressive, and Zeppelin-esque hard rock. The towering 11 1/2 minute opener, "Breaking Into Heaven," is sensational, beginning with jungle sound effects, followed by some tight, rhythmic percussion by drummer Reni, and then at last, the rest of the band charge in with some incredible grooves & musical interplay, capped off by Ian Brown's smooth, assured vocals. The rest of the album brilliantly matches this track, including the tough-as-nails rock of "Driving South," the funky "Daybreak," and the acoustic beauty of "Your Star Will Shine." "Begging You" is a thrilling dance rave-up, recalling the group's earlier classic, "Fool's Gold." "Tightrope" is a wonderful sing-along, and "Tears" is the Stone Roses' obvious tip-of-the-hat to Led Zeppelin, from guitarist John Squire's opening acoustic riff to the hard-rocking bridge that recalls "Stairway To Heaven." "How Do You Sleep" is beautiful pop, and the album closer, "Love Spreads," is awesome, beefy rock with all the trimmings. Once again, the band's musicianship & songwriting is stunning, as Squire, Brown, Reni, and bassist Gary "Mani" Mounfield's chemistry sparkles like fireworks. It's such a terrible, terrible shame that this outstanding band closed shop after only a pair of albums, but oh, what a pair of albums. Most Stone Roses fans prefer the 1988 debut album over "Second Coming." So be it---it is indeed a superb album. But, in my opinion, "Second Coming" is even more superb, and it's also a very fond farewell to this groundbreaking, trailblazing British band. As I said in my review of the group's first album, popular bands like Coldplay, Radiohead & Oasis may rule the roost in British rock these days, but ALL of them owe a debt in some way or another to the Stone Roses. Thank you John, Ian, Mani & Reni---you guys rock!     