 By the time the Moody Blues had released their seventh album in five years, 1972's "Seventh Sojourn," the band were absolutely exhausted, both personally and creatively. After the tour for the album was finished the following year, the Moodies took an extended five-year break before reuniting for 1978's "Octave." But before the temporary stop in activity, the Moodies summoned up what creative energy they had left and put it into this wonderful, classic album. You'd never guess that the band were feeling any stress whatsoever, because "Seventh Sojourn" is simply brilliant, one of the Moodies' very best works. Song for song it is a stunner. Keyboardist Mike Pinder contributes two of his most haunting Moody Blues songs ever, "Lost In A Lost World" and "When You're A Free Man." The trio from guitarist Justin Hayward are all winners: the gorgeous "New Horizons," the bouncy "You And Me," and the charming "Land Of Make-Believe." Bassist John Lodge gets the honor of penning the two classic singles from the album, the dramatic ballad "Isn't Life Strange," and the awesome rocker "I'm Just A Singer (In A Rock And Roll Band)." And flautist Ray Thomas contributes one of his all-time greatest numbers, the lovely "For My Lady." Only drummer Graeme Edge passed on writing any songs for the album, but he more than makes up for that with some of the most powerful drumming he ever laid down with the group.Having toured relentlessly, and having created in a short five years an impressive catalogue of albums known by many fans the world over as "The Classic Seven"---and, with "Seventh Sojourn" becoming a #1 smash on the U.S. album chart---the Moody Blues had definitely earned their extended holiday as a recording act. Thank goodness that they returned to duty in 1978 and have been active ever since, but they couldn't have made a better album to rest on than "Seventh Sojourn." It's a glorious Moody Blues album, one of the group's finest achievements. If you gotta go out---even if it's only temporarily---than go out on top. The Moody Blues ended the first phase of their work together *definitely* at the top of the mountain with "Seventh Sojourn."     