 Judging by some of the other reviews, I guess there's just no pleasing some Supertramp fans unless their idol, ex-bandmember Roger Hodgson, returns to the group. Well guys, get over it, already. Roger's been out of the band since 1985, and, by his own admission, he isn't coming back. It's Rick Davies' group now, so just accept it! With all due respect to the very-gifted Hodgson, I think Supertramp are carrying on just fine, thank you very much, as evidenced by their strong past three albums since Hodgson's departure. And now, there is a fourth: "Slow Motion," Supertramp's first new album in five years. It's yet another excellent disc from this veteran British outfit, and, if you happen to like the band's jazzier leanings, chances are you'll enjoy this latest offering from Davies & company."Slow Motion" is appropriately titled---no all-out rockers on display here. Just some very cool, very hip jazz/pop in the laid-back, mid-tempo style. But longtime fans should still take heart---we're talking about Supertramp here! You still get the unique keyboard work & lead vocals of Rick Davies, the big, brassy saxophone of John Halliwell, and the firm, commanding backbeat of Bob Siebenberg. Backed up by no less then FIVE other musical cohorts, including Hodgson replacement Mark Hart, Bob Siebenberg's son Jesse Siebenberg on percussion, and the excellent bassist Cliff Hugo, this is a Supertramp band that simply cooks.While admittedly having a simpler feel to it than it's predecessor, 1997's brilliant "Some Things Never Change," "Slow Motion" still finds Supertramp making irresistible music that's miles ahead of the current radio fodder. The fine title track that opens the album instantly sets the mood for the songs that follow. "Little By Little" is wonderfully catchy---if radio wasn't so snooty these days to veteran bands, this could easily be a big comeback hit for the band. "Over You" is a lovely tune with a 50's swing to it (love the horn arrangement on it, too). "Tenth Avenue Breakdown," the longest track on the album (almost nine minutes), finds the group re-visiting the progressive-jazz groove of "Brother Where You Bound." It's a very powerful piece. Also worth mentioning is the charming "Bee In Your Bonnet," and the *other* excellent progressive-jazz workout, "Dead Man's Blues." But the other songs on the album are quite good, too, and they grow on you.I had no idea at ALL that Supertramp had a new studio album in the works, so "Slow Motion" comes as a very wonderful surprise for me. Even though it's more laid-back than the band's previous efforts, it's still a very enjoyable album that will still get your toes tappin' and your fingers snappin'. Rock on, Supertramp! (NOTE: Only available in the U.S. right now as an import. Hopefully, this will change at some point. Don't forget your U.S. fans, gentlemen! Thanks.)     