 How unfair it is that Asia release two decent-but-unspectacular albums (despite some catchy hits) and they both sell millions, and then the band finally make a *great* Asia album with their third release and it bombs. Oh well....Nonetheless, the guys in Asia should be very proud of their third album, 1985's "Astra." By this time, guitarist Steve Howe had left---he and singer/bassist John Wetton were not getting along---and he was replaced by Mandy Meyer, formerly of the metal band Krokus. With Meyer onboard, "Astra," though not a masterwork, is THE Asia album that Wetton, keyboardist Geoff Downes and drummer Carl Palmer (with Howe) had only hinted at with their first two albums, despite those phenomenal sales. The band get tougher-sounding on "Astra," the music & production has more bite to it, and, quite simply, the songs are better & more memorable than previous ones (with a few obvious exceptions like their big hit "Heat Of The Moment"). This is still arena rock, but this time around, it's great arena rock. "Go" is quite possibly Asia's best rocker ever. "Voice Of America" is a classic power ballad. "Wishing" shows the band's pop side, and it's a very catchy number. "Suspicion" is another winner, a dreamy, atmospheric mid-tempo piece. Other home runs on"Astra" include the masterful hands-pumped-in-the-air rock of "Countdown To Zero," "Rock And Roll Dream," and "After The War." Wetton, Downes & Palmer are all in top form, and while Mandy Meyer is no Steve Howe, he is an excellent guitarist, his hard-rock style giving the band a good, fresh shot in the arm. But despite the band's truly best efforts & the high quality of music on display, "Astra" peaked on the U.S. album chart at a feeble #67. Afterwards, Asia would go through many different personnel changes, with keyboardist Downes the only remaining original member. It's a shame that "Astra" was not received well back in 1985, but I say do give it a chance. Even though there's no hits on it, I think it's the best album Asia have ever done. So buy it! If you like "Asia" and "Alpha," chances are you'll enjoy---and be pleasantly surprised---by "Astra."                         