 It's a sad thing that, to too many music buyers---especially here in North America---Genesis are "The Phil Collins Band" (and by the way, doesn't anybody remember Peter Gabriel's time as the Genesis frontman?). The band record one album without Collins and it bombs, and now, Tony Banks & Mike Rutherford have put Genesis on an indefinite hiatus for the time being. With the very deepest respect to Phil's outstanding work with Genesis over the years, I just wish that more people would do their homework about this brilliant band. Tony Banks & Mike Rutherford have been with Genesis right from the start, whereas Collins has not (he joined the band on their *third* album, "Nursery Cryme"). Even though Collins is certainly missed, Banks & Rutherford ARE the core of Genesis, and their lone post-Phil effort, "Calling All Stations," is an excellent album that deserved a MUCH better reception than what it got. I beg of you: give this album a chance. With new lead singer Ray Wilson, and with Nir Zidkyahu & Nick D'Virgilio behind the drumkit, "Calling All Stations" is a Genesis album with an intriguingly darker tone than the band's later albums with Collins, although excellent songs like "Shipwrecked," "Not About Us," and the rocker "Congo" still could've been hit singles if they were given the right push. The longer songs, such as the title track, "Alien Afternoon," "The Dividing Line," "There Must Be Some Other Way,"  and "One Man's Fool" show that Banks & Rutherford haven't forgotten their great progressive rock days of yor, with the band delivering some incredibly striking music. Tony Banks is still the undisputed Keyboard King of rock, while Mike Rutherford once again turns in some amazing licks on guitar & bass. As for the new boys on the block, Ray Wilson is an excellent choice as the group's new lead singer. His strong, gravelly voice sounds uncannily like the *other* former Genesis singer, Peter Gabriel, and that's a darn good thing. And while Nir Zidkyahu & Nick D'Virgilio don't drum with quite the same unique flair as Phil did (and who can?), they are more than up  to the challenge, with expert, precise drumming that fits the Genesis sound quite nicely. Even without Collins, it's still Genesis. However, with the commercial failure of "Calling All Stations," the band's future remains in doubt. If this really is the final chapter for Genesis, then so be it, but I hope not. Either way, "Calling All Stations" is a terrific Genesis album, and Tony & Mike should be commended for taking the courageous risk of carrying on without Phil, AND for making a great Genesis album in the process.      