 After the mega-success of her 1997 album, "Surfacing," Sarah McLachlan took an extended hiatus from music, during which time she was dealt both personal sorrow & joy---her mother passed away from cancer, and she gave birth to her daughter. Now, in 2003, Sarah returns with "Afterglow," and it's a beautiful album, but it isn't exactly going to hit you over the head on the first listen---this is an album that needs to be *explored*. *Listened* to. I don't think Sarah was really in the mood to "rock out" on this album, considering what she's been through in recent years, and the album's deliberate mellowness and laid-back nature does take a few listens to fully appreciate. Some other reviewers have said that "Afterglow" is a little *too* mellow for their taste. Obviously, they've only played the album once. But, I guarantee you, there's great magic in Sarah's latest collection of songs, it's just that some of the tunes need time to grow on you. Myself, I'm enjoying "Afterglow" more and more with each spin, and I'm hearing something new in the album each time. As always, Sarah's songs, like her angelic voice, are very heartfelt. Immediate winners are "Fallen," "World On Fire," "Stupid," and the terrific soft-rocker, "Train Wreck," my personal favorite song on the disc (and I sure hope it's chosen as the next single). The songs that make up the second half of "Afterglow" take a little while to fully get into, because, on the *first* listen, they sound like they are all performed on the same low-key level. But repeated listenings have since proven this to be wrong, and I can now definitely hear the individual beauty in such songs as "Push," "Answer," and "Dirty Little Secret." All the while, Sarah casts her spell throughout with her beautiful voice and songwriting. The musicianship from Sarah and her band (including hubby & drummer Ashwin Sood) is supreme, and, produced by her longtime record producer Pierre Marchand, the album's production is sharp and crystal-clear.Is "Afterglow" Sarah's greatest work? Not really---the outstanding "Fumbling Towards Ecstasy" is a mighty difficult album to top---but "Afterglow" IS a very lovely, very soothing album from this amazingly talented artist, and it's so good to have her back at last. Seriously, listening to this woman is like spending time with a good friend. So do yourself a favor, and bask in Sarah McLachlan's "Afterglow."     