 Brand X is the progressive jazz/rock fusion group that Phil Collins played drums for in the late 70's during his breaks from Genesis. Although there's no question about Phil's awesome drumming with Genesis, Brand X allowed Phil to *really* cut loose on the drumkit, free-form style. In fact, Phil felt that he had so much freedom playing with Brand X, that he momentarily considered leaving Genesis. As Phil himself put it, "Genesis was the wife, and Brand X was the mistress, and I just wanted to take my clothes off and live a bit!" However, Genesis started to loosen up musically around the late 70's, toning down their art-rock leanings and going more towards the rock mainstream, which ultimately convinced Phil to stay with the wife and say goodbye to the mistress.But Phil did record four studio albums (plus a live album) with Brand X between 1976 and 1980, and he also toured with the band in 1979 (though Brand X would carry on, off and on, through 1997). The group's first album, "Unorthodox Behaviour," is a stunning debut disc. Phil, guitarist John Goodsall, bassist Percy Jones, and keyboardist Robin Lumley have musical chemistry that's simply explosive. "Nuclear Burn" is just as barnburning as it's title suggests, "Euthanasia Waltz" is a sparkling laid-back jam, and "Born Ugly" is funky with a capital F. Also groovy are "Smacks Of Euphoric Hysteria" & "Running On Three," the title track is a steady, assured rocker, and the closing "Touch Wood" is a samba-flavored beauty. Goodsall delivers some fiery guitarwork, Jones is a monster on the bass, Lumley's keyboard-playing is superb, and, of course, what needs to be said about Phil's drumming---he's fantastic. I wish more people knew about Phil's work with this outstanding fusion band. Like I've always said, Phil Collins is first and foremost a *drummer*, and if Genesis and Phil's solo work can't convince his detractors of this, then his astonishing playing with Brand X most certainly can. Not only that, but Brand X---Goodsall, Jones, Lumley, and Collins---were simply an awesome band. "Unorthodox Behaviour" is a terrific debut album from one of music's best-kept-secret groups. Definitely start your Brand X collection with this one!     