 1970's "Lizard" is King Crimson's third album, and it is arguably their most overlooked, which is shameful because it is also their masterpiece. "Lizard" is a spellbinding disc, an outstanding whirlpool of ambitious progressive rock, fused together with jazz, funk & classical. Tracks like "Cirkus," "Indoor Games," and "Happy Family" are just giddy with power. "Lady Of The Dancing Water" is an incredibly beautiful number, a truly memorable Crimson ballad. And finally, the four-part title suite, featuring none other than Jon Anderson of Yes on marvelous guest vocals, is a mindblowing epic. Brimming with energy, emotion, and beauty, "Lizard" is King Crimson as you've never heard them before.Two trademarks of this legendary rock band are their supreme musicianship & production skills, and on "Lizard," this version of King Crimson deliver nothing less. Once again, Robert Fripp lays down some truly haunting guitar licks, both electric & acoustic, and he's also a master mellotron player. Gordon Haskell's deep voice & equally deep bass fit the bill perfectly. Andy McCulloch's drumming is fantastic, and Mel Collins beautifully decorates the album with various flutes and saxes. Special mention must also be given to guest musician Keith Tippet, who contributes some pretty nifty piano & electric piano parts, most notably on "Happy Family." And produced by Fripp & lyricist Peter Sinfield, the album sounds superb, with the music, vocals, & sound effects practically *leaping* out of your speakers.  Sadly, this phenomenal version of King Crimson quickly closed shop after the "Lizard" album was finished. They didn't even tour, and Robert Fripp switched to a completely different line-up for the next Crimson album, "Islands." You'll have to ask Fripp for the reason why. Nonetheless, I am so grateful to Fripp & company for making this album. "Lizard" is without question my favorite King Crimson album, and it always will be. Although there are many other classic Crimson albums like "In The Court Of The Crimson King," "Starless And Bible Black," "Discipline," etc., "Lizard" is the one that I enjoy the most. It is one of the most sensational slices of prog-rock ever recorded. "Lizard" is truly a King Crimson album to treasure. :-)     