 Pink Floyd guitarist/vocalist David Gilmour, who used to be quite a productive musician way back when, is clearly slowing down these days. Having just turned 60, and with a wife and four young children at home, Gilmour doesn't seem to get out all that much lately, barring the occasional session work (such as with Alan Parsons and Jools Holland), and the all-too-brief reunion with Pink Floyd at Live 8 in July 2005. Now, twelve long years after Pink Floyd's last (and possibly final) album, 1994's "The Division Bell," Gilmour has finally released a brand new solo album, "On An Island." And while the album isn't the magnificent return of Gilmour---or Pink Floyd---that so many fans were hoping for, it is a very beautiful, mostly tranquil album that really does grow on you with repeated listenings. With it's surprisingly laid-back, quiet, mellow feel---there's really only one real rocker on it---"On An Island" won't exactly bowl you over at first, but by the second or third listen, chances are you'll appreciate it. It is, in the end, a very special album, and several songs wouldn't have sounded too out of place had David offered them to Pink Floyd. With many songs co-written with his wife Polly Samson (who also co-wrote several songs with her hubby for "The Division Bell"), Gilmour takes a very soft, reflective path with this music. The title song, with backing vocals by David Crosby & Graham Nash, is a very lush, Floydian number featuring an amazing solo from Gilmour. "The Blue" is a stunningly gorgeous tune, a truly atmospheric dreamscape. The album's lone rocker, "Take A Breath," shows that Gilmour CAN still rock out if he chooses to, and he does so brilliantly. For the song "This Heaven," David shifts gears and goes into a swampy, shuffling blues motif, and it sounds great. The album's simplest song, "Smile" (which Gilmour previewed for audiences at least five years ago on his live solo DVD from 2001), is very pretty, and it also features wife Polly on backing vocals. And the final, reflective song, "Where We Start," an obvious love note to Gilmour's wife, is very lovely, haunting & memorable. And what makes the entire album hold together so well is, of course, David Gilmour's world-class guitar-playing, which is still a joy to hear, and his smooth, powerful singing voice, which hasn't changed a bit.Like all of David Gilmour's diehard fans, I hope that "On An Island" is not the last time we ever hear new music from the man. But, to be honest with you, I wouldn't be surprised in the least if it is. Even if Gilmour isn't really saying farewell to the music biz with "On An Island," the album certainly *seems* like a farewell of sorts. It was twelve years in the making, with introspective songs about being in the autumn of your years and the love of family life, with album artwork that also reflects Gilmour's current domestic state of mind....you get the idea. Whatever Gilmour plans to do---or not do---from this point on, I, for one, am grateful that he's finally given us one more musical gift to enjoy. "On An Island" is a beautiful, excellent musical postcard from an outstanding rock musician who has been out of the spotlight for far too long. It's great to have him back one more time.                   