 There aren't too many new or new-ish bands out there that I truly like---I mostly go for the veteran groups of the 60's & 70's. But of the crop of groups that came out during the 90's, two of them, in my opinion, really stood out proudly from the rest, both for their creativity & originality. One of them was Nirvana (who are sadly no more), and the other is this wonderful band, Garbage, fronted by sultry Scottish lass Shirley Manson. Shirley & her cohorts Butch Vig, Duke Erikson, and Steve Marker have created some truly incredible music since their 1996 debut disc. Their music is a glorious whirlpool of rock, dance, techno, & industrial, filled with lots of giddy noises, sound effects, and samples, with Manson's seductive voice spearheading the proceedings. There is no other band out there right now that is quite like them, and, with the unfortunate demise of Nirvana, I can't think of any other 90's band still active today that can still hold my interest. Garbage are it---they're that good.How disappointing then, that Garbage's third album, "beautifulgarbage," is not doing particularly well in the shops. This is a very appropriately titled album, another beautiful whirpool blend of pop, rock, and sounds from Shirley & the boys. This time, Garbage streamline their sound just a bit, going into new musical areas like 60's girlgroup torchsong ("Can't Cry These Tears") and bubblegum pop ("Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go)"), which are quite refreshing. However, the band still serve up their familiar, unique blend of industrial rock in gems like "Shut Your Mouth," "Silence Is Golden," "Breaking Up The Girl," and "Parade." And there's also a couple of gorgeous ballads in the form of "Cup Of Coffee" and the lovely album closer, "So Like A Rose," two of the finest songs the band have ever recorded.As "beautifulgarbage" clearly shows, Garbage are still a major musical force to be reckoned with in the rock world. I seriously hope the disappointing sales of this album haven't put them off. They're a great band, and I'm sure they'll be back again in the next couple of years. In the meantime, don't make the same mistake that the masses have: add this "beatifulgarbage" to your CD collection now. Rock on, Garbage! :-)     