 Let's now do justice to one of the most undervalued albums in Yes' catalog, "Tormato." Why this album continues to get a bad rap is a mystery to me. I like this album very much, and consider it to be one of Yes' best, certainly somewhere in their Top 10 best. Honestly, what's so bad about "Tormato"? Absolutely nothing! Say what you want about the splattered tomato on the album cover, but the "Tormato" album itself, in my opinion, is excellent. After several albums of lengthy, complex prog-rock (albeit great prog-rock), "Tormato" showed Yes loosening up a bit. The hallmark Yes sound is still there, but for "Tormato," the band channeled their sound into shorter, simpler, more-direct kinds of songs. There's eight songs (which, for an early Yes album, is a wide variety!), Jon Anderson finally wrote some lyrics that you could actually *understand*, and there was certainly a more radio-friendly feel to this album than previous ones. This decision by the band to streamline their sound was partially inspired by the punk movement happening at the time, but I truly believe that it was to Yes' benefit. They couldn't do "Fragile Part II" or "Close To The Edge Part II"---they'd done those albums already. I'm certainly not going to knock the classic early Yes stuff, which I love, but when I play "Tormato," I hear the band doing something fresh & different from their previous records. It's GOOD.The band's songwriting, playing, and Jon Anderson's majestic singing on "Tormato" are all in peak performance. "Don't Kill The Whale" is a great, catchy number that could've easily been a hit for the band. "Madrigal" is a lovely tune with Rick Wakeman playing some truly beautiful harpsichord. "Release Release" & "Arriving UFO" show Yes rocking on all cylinders. And "On The Silent Wings Of Freedom" is a terrific album closer, a great jam with soaring vocals from Anderson. The remaining three songs are all just as strong.   And in regards to some fans' complaints about the album's sound quality, I thought the earlier CD version of the album sounded just fine, but this remastered edition of "Tormato" REALLY brings out a real luster to the album's production that you may not have heard before. Yes produced this album themselves, and to my ears, they did an excellent job. This remastered version is full proof of that.Whatever stresses & strains the band were reportedly under at the time they recorded "Tormato," you'd never guess it from the way they sound on this album---this is a very upbeat, happy-sounding Yes record that's always a pleasure for me to listen to. Honestly, I don't know what the heck anybody is talking about when they give "Tormato" a bad review. In my opinion, there's NOTHING bad about "Tormato." It's one of the group's finest works, whether anybody realises it or not! It's a great Yes album, splattered tomato and all.     