 Ever since it's release in 1970, "Let It Be" has always been the undervalued album of the Beatles' catalog (well, in some ways at least). It was the Fab Four's attempt to record an album of all-new material completely live, with no studio overdubs. But various problems throughout the project began to pull the band apart, such as the ever-present cameras filming every single second of the sessions for a documentary, and Paul McCartney, though certainly well-meaning, driving his bandmates to extremes with his complete control of the proceedings. In the end, the Beatles recorded a whole truckload of material, but were so soured by the experience that they couldn't bear facing the task of going through the tapes. So, it was up to legendary producer Phil "Wall Of Sound" Spector to cobble together an album from the troubled sessions. After the necessary tinkering with the tapes was completed, "Let It Be" finally surfaced in 1970, AFTER the Beatles' final proper studio album, 1969's "Abbey Road."Listening to "Let It Be," it's hard to believe that there were any problems going on, as the band certainly *sound* as if they're having a good time. Most of the tracks are just as great as anything else the Fab Four have done, such as the joy of John Lennon & Paul McCartney's duet on the whimsical "Two Of Us," John's lovely "Across The Universe," George Harrison's excellent little rocker "I Me Mine," Paul's classic hymn-influenced title track, the wonderful exuberance of "I've Got A Feeling," Harrison's charming blues number, "For You Blue," Paul's beautiful ballad "The Long And Winding Road," and the band's legendary rooftop performance of the classic, "Get Back." The joking tracks "Maggie Mae" & "Dig It" are both obvious filler, but they're still good fun. Drummer Ringo Starr sings no lead vocals at all this time around, which is disappointing, but his drumming throughout is tight (as always!), and guest-artist Billy Preston does some fancy fingerwork on the keyboards for some of the tracks.Many criticisms have been leveled at producer Phil Spector for "drowning" a few of the tunes with overdubs of horns, strings, and choir voices (and without the Beatles' consent, no less), most prominently on "Across The Universe," "I Me Mine," and "The Long And Winding Road." Though I can certainly understand how the Beatles felt about Spector's overdubs, the dubs still don't take anything away from the greatness of the songs themselves, in my opinion. Furthermore, I applaud Spector for extending the running time on Harrison's "I Me Mine." With a little splicing, Spector lengthened the song's running time from 1:34 to 2:24. It's still a short tune, but thanks to Spector, there's more of it to enjoy.Let's give the Beatles & Phil Spector some credit here. It doesn't matter to me how much mud the Beatles slung at each other during this time, as the lion's share of "Let It Be" is very brilliant, containing many classic songs. And if it wasn't for Phil Spector rising to the challenge of going through the tapes of these sessions, we wouldn't have had a "Let It Be" album at all, which would've been a tremendous loss. Their days may have been numbered by this time, but "Let It Be" proves that even arguing Beatles can still make great music together. :-)     