 If you're a diehard quintessential Genesis fan like me, then this second Genesis box set covering the Phil Collins era is a must-have. "Archive Vol.2" gives you the lion's share of Genesis B-sides, rare songs by the band that I, personally, had been collecting over the years on 45" vinyl. To hear them at last in their full stereophonic CD glory is simply awesome. Also included are some fabulous live cuts, and a fine 65-page booklet with great photos of the band.Many Genesis favorites of mine abound: "Feeding The Fire," "Inside And Out," "Naminanu," "It's Yourself"....GREAT stuff. And the live material included here? Simply breathtaking. The band's live versions of "Ripples" & "Entangled" are so beautiful they bring a tear to my eye, while the live renditions of "The Lady Lies" & "Duke's Travels" feature the band at their most rockin' best.  However....as much as I'd love to give "Genesis Archives Vol. 2" a perfect score, I can't. The reason? It's an *incomplete* box set. It's an excellent 3-CD set, but think of how outstanding this Genesis box could've been if had only been a 4-CD set. That way, the band could've put *everything* on it. There's absolutely no excuse for leaving off "Me And Virgil," one of the band's very best songs. Also missing from the box set: "Match Of The Day," a live version of "Eleventh Earl Of Mar" that Tony Banks has always spoken very fondly of, the uncut, full-length studio versions of "Mama" & "It's Gonna Get Better" that were released together as a 12" single (though there is a live version of the latter song included here), and lastly, all eight B-sides from the "Calling All Stations" album with singer Ray Wilson, as well as live material from this period. All ignored.Still, there's no denying the wealth of material that "Genesis Archives Vol.2" DOES have, so it's definitely worth getting. Just keep in mind that this Genesis box set isn't the *complete* picture of the band's rare recordings. Oh well. With all due affection to the Peter Gabriel years, if you love the band's Phil Collins-era music as well (like I do), then definitely pick up "Archive Vol.2".     