 It was not too long ago that I reviewed The Who's 1965 debut album, "The Who Sings My Generation" (as it's known in the U.S.), and I remarked on how this was the only Who album to not get a remaster treatment, thanks to longstanding legal disputes between the band & producer Shel Talmy. Well, it appears those pesky legal disputes have finally been resolved (thank God), and now, here we are at last with the VERY long-awaited remastered edition of The Who's debut disc, retitled simply "My Generation" as it was originally titled in the UK. This version has been not only remastered, but also remixed into stereo for the first time, and expands the album into *two* discs, chock full of rare Who songs & alternate versions of some of the familiar tunes, as well as improved artwork, very classy photos of the band from 1965, and very informative liner notes from producer Talmy & others close to the band at the time. Whew--how's THAT for a complete Who package? Quite simply, it's marvelous.With the new stereo remix, The Who (Roger Daltrey, Pete Townshend, John Entwistle & Keith Moon) sound bigger, cleaner, crisper, and LOUDER on this album than ever before, giving the listener the great sensation of being in the studio with The Who themselves as they create these rock classics---"My Generation," "The Kids Are Alright," "La-La-La Lies," "A Legal Matter," "Circles," and many more. Some of the extra material, like "Leaving Here," "Lubie (Come Back Home)," "Shout And Shimmy," etc., had already been released on the Who rarity compilations, "Who's Missing" & "Two's Missing" (both are now out of print, however). Still, these tracks are just as terrific, and they compliment the main album very well. I also greatly appreciate the extra version of "The Good's Gone" with the extended ending, as this has always been one of my favorite Who tracks, the acapella "Anytime You Want Me," and the great fun of "Instant Party Mixture," the one previously unreleased in-any-format Who song on the collection. It's a real hoot.However, I can only give this new version of "My Generation" 4 out of 5 stars. In putting together this remixed, remastered edition of the album, producer Shel Talmy made two noticable errors. First off, on "La La La Lies," Daltrey's vocals are briefly clipped off at the 1:18 mark. Actually, his vocals were already like that on the original version, but Townshend's overdubbed harmony vocals covered up the mistake. Not so on this version---Townshend gets clipped off, too. And on "Circles," John Entwistle's french horn has been mysteriously removed altogether. Very disappointing, indeed.Nonetheless, this new deluxe edition of The Who's "My Generation" is a Who fan's dream, and, as the liner notes suggest, play it LOUD! But I strongly suggest that you buy it as a *companion* version to the original version of the album, rather than replace it altogether. Save The Ox's french horn playing on "Circles"---DON'T throw out your old copy. :-)     