 You can imagine the stress that Pink Floyd were under when they entered the studio in early 1975 to record the follow-up album to 1973's "Dark Side Of The Moon." "Dark Side" was an instant mega-smash album, and it made the four Floyds instant millionaires and rock gods. Having taken a year off to enjoy the fruits of their "Dark Side" success, they were now faced with the task of making another album, and it didn't come easy. The band initially had three epic songs to start with: "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" (a deeply heartfelt tribute to the band's departed founder, Syd Barrett), and earlier versions of "Dogs" & "Sheep," two songs later destined for 1977's "Animals" album. But the first few recording sessions were laborious and went nowhere, including "Shine On" having to be re-recorded from scratch after the initial "final" take was ruined by an inexperienced engineer. Now feeling the pressures of being part of a "supergroup," and being part of the so-called music biz "machine," bassist Roger Waters hit upon the idea of making an album about all the stresses & strains that the band were under at the time, and these new songs could be sandwiched between the two halves of their "Shine On" tribute to Syd. And thus, "Wish You Were Here" was born.An all-time Pink Floyd classic in it's own right, "Wish You Were Here" is, in many ways, the brother album to "Dark Side Of The Moon." Though certainly not a carbon copy of that Floyd classic, it does have a similar feel to it: the spacey keyboards of Richard Wright, the featured sax solo by Dick Parry, the odd bit of female backup vocals, and, once again, the overall theme about pressure. But whereas "Dark Side" told about the pressures of life in general, "Wish You Were Here" tells about the pressures of a suddenly rich-and-famous rock band inside the music business (even the famous album cover alludes to this: the two businessmen shaking hands, with one of them getting "burned" by the deal he's just made). In this regard, "Wish You Were Here" can also be said to be the distant cousin of 1979's "The Wall," in which Pink Floyd took the theme of a tortured rock star's life into full-on, concept album territory.The mood is set right away with "Shine On You Crazy Diamond, Parts 1-5." Richard Wright's glorious wash of keyboards fade up and grab you right from the get-go. Then, after awhile, guitarist David Gilmour serves up the signature, melancholic four notes of this classic piece, and it's still one of the Floyd's best-known musical moments. Then Waters and drummer Nick Mason join in, and the band are off on an extended, slow 'n' steady jam, allowing Gilmour to really strut his stuff on his axe. It isn't until after 8 1/2 minutes that the first words of the song hit the ear: "Remember when you were young/ You shone like the sun...". With outstanding lyrics penned by Waters, and beautifully played by the band (including sax man Dick Parry), "Shine On" is a truly special work, and arguably the greatest tribute a band could ever give to a former member (Syd Barrett must've sensed what the band were recording in his honor---he famously dropped in on them unexpectedly at the studio one day, only to disappear again later that evening)."Welcome To The Machine," the Floyd's dissatisfied ode to the music biz, is an ominous monster, starting with Wright's throbbing, machine-like synth sounds, giving way to Gilmour's haunting acoustic guitar and Mason's pounding timpani crashes. Wright then shoots out a mesmerizing spray of sharp keyboard sounds as precise as a laser, before the track finally gives way to the sound of a lifting elevator, with the door sliding open, and dumping the listener right smack in the middle of babbling party-noise chatter. It's a classic. "Have a Cigar" takes the indictment of the music biz one step further, a gloriously funky tune that makes fun of the big executive backslappers (including the famous line, "Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"). The Floyd's close friend Roy Harper sings this track, as Waters felt his own voice wasn't up to the task, and Harper totally delivers the goods. Then comes the beautiful, legendary Floyd ballad, "Wish You Were Here," which is NOT about Syd Barrett, but is instead about the feeling of emptiness, and one's wish to feel whole. When the singer sings "How I wish you were here," he is singing about himself. Finally, there's the second half of "Shine On" (Parts 6-9), another awesome Floyd space-out, filled with environment, great grooves, and tremendous emotion, as the band heads for home, with Wright's shimmering keyboards finally fading out into the distance.With "Wish You Were Here," Pink Floyd triumphed over their personal pressures of fame and fortune, delivered a handsome follow-up to "Dark Side Of The Moon," and gave a loving look back to their friend, Syd Barrett. From fade-in to fade-out, this is definitely one of Pink Floyd's greatest achievements.     