 1971's "Meddle" was the album that gave Pink Floyd their first substantial slice of success since their early days with Syd Barrett. The band had been working steadily since Barrett's departure in 1968, recording four excellent albums (including some film music), but none of them had made that much of a dent on the album charts. And while massive success would still have to wait until 1973's "Dark Side Of The Moon," it was with "Meddle" that rock audiences started to take notice of Pink Floyd once again. The album shows many different sides to the band: "One Of These Days" is a classic Floyd rocker, with the wind effects & Roger Waters' galloping bassline setting the whole thing in motion before the band come crashing in with everything they've got. "A Pillow Of Winds" is a lovely, wistful song with fine vocals from guitarist David Gilmour, and "Fearless" is a sparkling acoustic number (capped off with a football audience singing "You'll Never Walk Alone"). "San Tropez" is a fun cocktail-jazz ditty (and quite different from anything else the Floyd have ever done), and "Seamus" is an amusing little blues number about a dog (complete with dog barking accompanyment). Finally, there's the Floyd's 23 1/2 minute extravaganza, "Echoes," one of their all-time greatest pieces, beginning with the single, echoed "ping" on Richard Wright's piano, before it slowly builds and builds, and the band add more & more musical layers to it, finally extending into a fantastic funky jam session in the middle. The jam fades out, replaced by strange environmental noises & calls, before the Floyd rise above it like a phoenix rising from the ashes, amid killer guitarwork from Gilmour, and send this magnificent piece home (and by the way, for extra fun, try playing "Echoes" against the "Jupiter And Beyond The Infinite" section of Stanley Kubrick's sci-fi masterpiece, "2001: A Space Odyssey"---this sync is just as amazing to watch as the famous "Dark Side"/"Wizard Of Oz" sync). Waters, Gilmour, Wright, and drummer Nick Mason sound superb on this album, their musical chemistry simply outstanding. From fade-in to fade-out, "Meddle" is a bonafied Pink Floyd classic.     