 1969's "Ummagumma" is a very good--but very curious--Pink Floyd album. The first half is live material recorded in 1969 in Birmingham and at Manchester College, while the second half is studio material---*solo* material from each of the four Floyds (apparently it was keyboardist Richard Wright who came up with the idea of solo material from each band member). The album's mish-mash presentation of live stuff with Floyd solo stuff is not completely successful, but at the same time, "Ummagumma" is certainly not without it's merits. First, the live stuff: fantastic. Just four songs, but they're all classic early Floyd---"Astronomy Domine," "Careful With That Axe Eugene," "Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun," and "A Saucerful Of Secrets," each one rendered by the band with ferocious power (and "Careful With That Axe," especially, sounds even better live than in it's original studio version). To date, these live recordings, along with the live "Wall" set, "Is There Anybody Out There," released in 2000, remain the only vintage live Floyd material with Roger Waters that's available to the masses. Hopefully, the band will release more live recordings from their vaults in the years to come. Surely they must exist!As for the solo studio stuff, it's a real mixed bag. Only bassist Roger Waters really leaves an impression on the listener with his pair of tracks, the fine acoustic number "Grantchester Meadows," and the bizarre sound collage with the equally bizarre name, "Several Species Of Small Furry Animals....", which concludes with Waters doing an off-kilter Scottish rant. I don't know what the heck it all means, but it sure is an entertaining track, I'll give it that. Richard Wright's four-part keyboard piece, "Sysyphus," is interesting in parts, but some of it just sounds like aimless noodling. Guitarist David Gilmour's solo spotlight, "The Narrow Way," is no better, having some good sections along with some rather forgettable ones (even Gilmour himself says he just "faked" his way through the piece, as he wasn't a skilled songwriter just yet). And Nick Mason's experiment with electronically enhanced drums, "The Grand Vizier's Garden Party," is listenable, but not exactly memorable.If I had to name my least favorite Pink Floyd album, it's "Ummagumma," if only because it's the Floyd album I play the least. The live stuff IS outstanding but leaves you hungry for more, and only Roger Waters comes out on top with the band's various solo outings on the second half. But both the live material and Waters' pair of good tracks make "Ummagumma" hang together. It's definitely a Pink Floyd album worth owning. Just don't expect to play it too often!     