 Peter Gabriel's second self-titled solo album from 1978, aka "PG2" or "Scratch" (see cover art), is Gabriel's least favorite of all his solo albums, but that's easily explained---the producer was Robert Fripp, the electric-guitar genius from King Crimson, who likes to record quickly. He convinced Gabriel to record "PG2" in six weeks flat, a pace MUCH too fast for Gabriel, who, as any diehard fan knows, likes to take his dear sweet time in the recording studio. As a result, Gabriel feels that his 2nd album never quite sounded as good as he would've liked.While I totally respect Peter's opinion, I have to admit that I disagree with him. Strongly, in fact! "PG2" is a fabulous album, and my personal favorite from Mr. Gabriel. And now that the album has been remastered (along with the rest of Peter's catalog up through "US"!), it's been made even more fabulous with *super* sound quality that was not available before. Throw in a complete lyric sheet to all of the songs in the CD booklet, as well as some very cool photos taken of Peter during 1978, and you've got one very, VERY satisfied customer in this reviewer!Gabriel may not have been happy with the brisk recording of "PG2," but the trade-off, I think, is that producer Fripp (who also contributes some very classy guitar parts) managed to capture Gabriel in the raw for the only time in Gabriel's recording career (though I'm certainly not knocking his other solo albums---love 'em all!). There IS some polish to the material here and there, but overall, this is a definitive in-the-studio, warts-and-all recording that sounds and feels as if it were played live directly to tape. Gabriel's vocals throughout are energetic, from-the-gut, rough & tough. The man *always* sings brilliantly, of course, but on "PG2," you get to hear him in a way that you don't get to hear on his other recordings, and probably won't hear ever again. It's Gabriel in the raw.Why else is "PG2" my favorite Gabriel album? Peter's songwriting. These are absolutely irresistible songs, every single one of them. Peter turned to somewhat-darker material on "PG3" and "Security," but on "PG2," the songs are wonderfully upbeat ("D.I.Y.," "A Wonderful Day In A One Way World"), rocking ("On The Air," "White Shadow," "Exposure"), heartfelt ("Mother Of Violence," "Indigo," "Flotsam And Jetsam," "Home Sweet Home"), jazzy ("Animal Magic," "Perspective"), beautiful & fun (all of the above). And Gabriel only works with the best musicians possible, and "PG2" is no exception, including guitarist Fripp, bassist Tony Levin, synthesiser wiz Larry Fast, and drummer Jerry Marotta. And Gabriel himself is no slouch on keyboards, either!I can't even begin to tell you how happy I am that Peter Gabriel's catalog has finally been remastered (as we patiently wait for the new album), and I definitely plan on getting them all. You should, too. But I HAD to begin my remastered collection with my favorite, "PG2," Gabriel's underrated masterpiece. :-)     