 Let's get something straight: Genesis are not, and never have been, an "adult contemporary" band. They're a ROCK band. They always have been. And the band needs no further proof of this than 1981's "Abacab," a stunning, powerhouse rock record that shows Genesis bravely shifting gears from their old prog-rock days of yor, and streamlining their sound into hard-hitting FM-radio rock. Some fans balked, but not me. "Abacab" was the very first Genesis album I ever bought, and upon hearing it, I knew that I'd found my band. I'd never heard a unique vocalist quite like Phil Collins before, nor had I ever heard a drumkit so deliriously annihilated. I'd never heard such fabulous, original keyboards before like the ones from the magic fingers of Tony Banks. And I'd also never heard such fine, masterful guitar-playing before, courtesy of Mike Rutherford. "Abacab" was the album that made me a Genesis fan. Naturally, I went back for the Peter Gabriel-era stuff, and I became a quintessential Genesis fan for life, but for me, it all started with "Abacab."It was 1981, and Tony, Phil, and Mike were facing a new decade together as Genesis. Peter Gabriel & Steve Hackett were no longer in the house, and neither were their influences, and so, the remaining trio had to do something very different from what they'd done in the past. To make a long story short, they decided to ROCK OUT. With the aid of ace producer Hugh Padgham, they did just that, and "Abacab" was the result. The band make terrific thunder on this album. The title track is the opening salvo, kicking things off with an explosion sound effect, and Phil, Mike, & Tony heavily fire on all cylinders, leading into a killer extended jam that ends the track. "No Reply At All" is big, brassy, and exuberant."Me And Sarah Jane" is a beautiful Tony Banks composition, greatly rendered by the group, while "Keep It Dark" is another winning rocker, featuring some fine sledgehammer drumming from Phil. And that's only the first half....The breathtaking epic "Dodo/Lurker" kicks off the second half, and it has "power" written all over it. It's simply a monster. And then there's the much-maligned, repetitious track "Whodunnit?". In defense of this track, I will just say this---it's COMEDY, people. WHY is it that when a band tries to be funny on a song, nobody seems to get the joke? Sheesh! In my opinion, it's a fun track. "Man On The Corner" is next up, and it's a lovely Phil Collins tune, arguably one of his best written. The last two tracks, Mike Rutherford's "Like It Or Not" and "Another Record," hardly ever get a mention, but they're both terrific songs, worked to maximum effect by the band. And with the "train" effect from Tony's keyboards at the end of "Another Record," the band ride off into the sunset, another excellent platter of music done. Whenever I hear a Genesis purist saying negative, derogatory remarks about this album, I'm simply astounded. Why *anyone* would have a problem with "Abacab" is beyond me. Don't get me wrong, of course I love the band's older stuff with Peter & Steve, but by 1981, it was time for the band to make a change. "Abacab" showed Genesis totally re-energised, not forgetting their past, but simply expanding from it. When one musical mountain has been conquered--and Genesis conquered MANY prior to 1981--it's time to find a new mountain to scale. And that's what "Abacab" represents, a new musical challenge for Phil, Mike & Tony, and in my opinion, they met that challenge brilliantly. "Abacab" rocks! And to those who don't agree, I say screw 'em.      