 There are two versions of Genesis' 1982 mostly-or-fully live release, "Three Sides Live." The *original US release* of this double-album is, indeed, 3/4 live recordings taken from the band's 1981 tour for "Abacab," with the fourth quarter comprising of five studio leftovers from the "Duke" & "Abacab" sessions (including the Top 40 hit, "Paperlate"). Europe, however, got the five studio tracks released on a separate EP (also called "Paperlate"), with THEIR fourth quarter of "Three Sides Live" filled with more live stuff taken from the "Duke" and "Trick Of The Tail" tours. Got it? Good.If you're a diehard Genesis fan, then both versions of "Three Sides Live" are worth having in your collection. The first 3/4's live that *everybody* gets is an excellent document of the band in 1981, and shows just how powerfully Phil Collins, Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford, and live co-horts Daryl Stuermer & Chester Thompson can rock in concert, and how commanding a singer & frontman Collins certainly is. GREAT performances are everywhere of Genesis favorites such as "Turn It On Again," "Abacab," "Dodo/Lurker," "Follow You Follow Me," "Misunderstanding," and the Peter Gabriel-era classic "In The Cage." If you buy the original US version, then the five studio songs comprising the last quarter of the album will greatly impress: "Paperlate," "You Might Recall," "Me & Virgil," "Evidence Of Autumn" & "Open Door" are all fantastic Genesis songs. These are no inferior outtakes, and they were only left off the original "Duke" & "Abacab" albums simply because there wasn't room for them. If you buy the European version of the album, then the fourth quarter has brilliant, barnburning concert performances of the Genesis prog-rock classics "One For The Vine," "Fountain Of Salmacis," and a glorious two-in-one rendition of "It" & "Watcher Of The Skies" (closing section). So, for the devoted Genesis fan, "Three Sides Live" is a can't-lose purchase either way.Sadly, "Three Sides Live" appears to be temporarily out-of-print (and I DO hope it's only temporary). Still, there are some used copies of both versions that are still available and floating about. Happy hunting, and long live Genesis.     