 1980's "Duke" saw Genesis parting ways at last with their progressive rock days of yor, no longer doing narrative songs about knights of the round table, the adventures of Puerto Rican kids in New York, or oddly named animals that can dissolve into tears (though I love all of that stuff). That particular Genesis train left the station with their previous album, 1978's "And Then There Were Three," their first album as a trio. Now, at the dawn of the 80's, and facing a changed rock music world (thanks to Johnny Rotten and others from the punk movement), Genesis decided that they had traveled down the art-rock avenue as far as they could go, and now it was time to refine their sound into more radio-friendly, accessible fair, and "Duke" was the result (the odd, cartoonish album cover art alone was a clear sign that something was different this time around). "Duke" was the album that pointed the way to the band's future endeavors, including big hit singles & concert tours, and major record sales. But that's not necessarily a bad thing, because "Duke" is a major achievement for Genesis, a terrific album filled with great songs (several of which remain FM radio staples today), and solid musicianship from beginning to end. I love the band's earlier stuff, including the Peter Gabriel/Steve Hackett era, but had Genesis stayed in their 70's prog-rock mode forever more, they might have been in serious danger of becoming caricatures of themselves. "Duke" symbolized the band's need for change, and in my opinion, the change worked beautifully.What had NOT left Genesis with "Duke" was the band's epic musical power, which continues marvelously with the opening track, "Behind The Lines," with keyboardist Tony Banks, guitarist Mike Rutherford, & singer/drummer Phil Collins roaring into your stereo with an amazing rock instrumental intro, before halving the beat into a more pop environment, leading into the first of Collins' fine lead vocals. "Duchess" is a glorious triumph for the band, a majestic song about the people's love for a much-worshipped woman. Packed with more emotion than you can shake a stick at, it's one of the band's all-time classics. Later on is the catchy "Misunderstanding," a big radio hit for the band, and Collins' first solo-penned tune for the group, foreshadowing things to come from Collins' solo career. "Heathaze" is classic Tony Banks all the way. But wait, there's more, including the Genesis concert-closing staple, "Turn It On Again," Mike Rutherford's lovely "Alone Tonight," Collins' achingly heartfelt "Please Don't Ask" (quite possibly THE most personal song Phil has ever written), and the grand finale, the rollicking instrumental adventure, "Duke's Travels." And the album *sounds* terrific, too, handsomely produced by Dave Hentschel & the band.Some Gabriel-era purists will tell you that "Duke" marked "the beginning of the end" for Genesis. I say that's a crock of bull. With this album, the band simply closed one chapter in their musical history and opened another, and there's nothing wrong with that.  "Duke" is a highmark in the Genesis catalog, and a fine, refreshing album from one of rock's finest groups. :-)     