 Some fans regard the 1983 self-titled album by Genesis as the band's "middle of the road" album, a Genesis disc that has a strong first-half but a weak second-half. All I know is that I think it's a terrific Genesis album from beginning to end, and that includes the supposedly "weak" second-half of tunes. Honestly, what's weak about the second-half? Is it because the songs are short? Is it because none of the second-half's batch of tunes were hits? PUH-LEEZ. They're great songs, all of them."Genesis" marked the very first time that Tony Banks, Phil Collins & Mike Rutherford wrote & recorded a Genesis album from scratch, with no material written before entering the studio, as they had done in the past. All of the songs came out of jams, and the results are outstanding. "Mama" is a Genesis classic, a sinister tune that harks back to the band's progressive Peter Gabriel era. Next up is "That's All," the band's first big hit, and it's a great toe-tapper. "Home By The Sea" & the instrumental "Second Home By The Sea" are spectacular, memorable Genesis rockers. "Illegal Alien" is the most criticized track on the album---some even claim this song is offensive to Latinos! I say hogwash. The song is satire, plain and simple. It's funny, catchy, & upbeat, and, speaking as a person who's part Latino myself, I have no problems with it. "Taking It All Too Hard" is a beautiful ballad, and "Just A Job To Do" is a great rocker (I also remember it being used as the theme song to that old ABC cop show, "The Insiders"). "Silver Rainbow," like "Illegal Alien," also seems to get picked on a lot by reviewers, but I haven't a clue why. I think it's a fine Genesis song. Finally, there's "It's Gonna Get Better," a gorgeous song about hope, concluding the album quite wonderfully.The only thing this Genesis album lacks is a remaster treatment ("Genesis" was NOT included in the band's remaster series for some reason). But other than that, "Genesis" is yet another winning platter of music from Phil, Mike & Tony. Buy it! :-)     