 There's really not much more I can add about George Harrison's solo debut from 1970, "All Things Must Pass." As it's been said so many times before, this album is without question George's signature masterpiece, and his greatest solo work of all-time. After living in the songwriting shadows of his Beatles bandmates John Lennon & Paul McCartney, being confined to writing only one or two songs for each Beatles release (though he admittedly got a little more freedom on "The White Album"), George Harrison took to his solo career with a passion, writing SO much material, that his 1970 solo debut was a sprawling double-album, and an outstanding one at that, forever cementing the fact that George's songwriting gifts had been sorely underused during his time with the Fab Four (with all due respect to John and Paul). George also brought onboard the legendary Phil Spector to co-produce, and a whole slew of big name musicians to play on the album, such as fellow Beatle Ringo Starr, Eric Clapton, Dave Mason, Procol Harum's Gary Brooker, Alan White (later of Yes), the group Badfinger, Billy Preston, Gary Wright, and many others (including Phil Collins, who plays congas on one track). With so much glorious musical firepower on display, "All Things Must Pass" couldn't fail being a musical home run for the Quiet Beatle. And it most certainly is.   Where to begin the praise for this album? The songs are fantastic. "My Sweet Lord" is George's signature solo song, a timeless, beautiful number. But there's a lot more where that classic song came from: "I'd Have You Anytime," "Wah Wah," "Isn't It A Pity," "What Is Life," "Let It Down," "Beware Of Darkness," the title song, "I Dig Love," "Art Of Dying," "Hear Me Lord"....these are all passionate, memorable songs, with George pouring his very heart & soul into every single one of them. His voice and guitar-playing are perfect, the contributions by his all-star session players are superb, and the production by Harrison & Phil "Wall Of Sound" Spector is big and powerful, just like the album itself.Also, for this 30th anniversary re-issue of "All Things Must Pass," some extra goodies have been included, such as the excellent, previously unreleased song "I Live For You," a fine re-recording of "My Sweet Lord," with Harrison joined by his son Dhani on guitar and Sam Brown on vocals, and some extra jam sessions, including the fantastic 11-minute, head-bobbing workout, "Out Of The Blue," in which Harrison, Clapton & friends jam into pure rock heaven. There's also great new liner notes by Harrison and some very colorful packaging. What more could you possibly want? George Harrison made many wonderful solo albums, including 1987's "Cloud Nine" and his posthumous 2002 release, "Brainwashed," but "All Things Must Pass" is his masterpiece, an outstanding musical gift with love from the one & only George Harrison. A definite every-home-should-have-one classic.     