 The long-awaited film adaptation of the hit musical "Chicago" has finally arrived, and it's sure to be a big hit at the Oscars this year. Like the film itself, the "Chicago" soundtrack album is also very enjoyable, though not 100% perfect. On the plus side, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Richard Gere & Renee Zellweger, along with Queen Latifah & John C. Reilly, are all up to the challenge of singing these great, vaudeville-style tunes by composer John Kander & lyricist Fred Ebb, such as "All That Jazz," "When You're Good To Mama," "Roxie," "Mr. Cellophane," and "Razzle Dazzle." I knew Zeta-Jones would be an electrifying singer---she has musical theater training under her belt---but Gere, Zellweger and the rest of the cast are all surprisingly good singers themselves. And the musicians on the album bring these big, brassy tunes to life with great gusto.On the debit side, the movie version of "Chicago" does not contain the entire song score from the original stage show. Songs like "A Little Bit Of Good," "My Own Best Friend," "I Know A Girl," and "Me And My Baby" are nowhere to be found. The filmmakers say these tunes were dropped because they just didn't fit the movie's framework, but it's still a disappointment. Luckily, there's still a rendition of "Class" on the album (although it was cut from the film), plus one new song, "I Move On," which is a fine duet for Zeta-Jones & Zellweger. But the inclusion of Danny Elfman's incidental music is merely filler, and Lord knows there was absolutely NO need to include the rap version of "Cell Block Tango" by Queen Latifah, Lil' Kim & Macy Gray, or "Love Is A Crime" by Anastacia. Chances are you'll be hitting the stop button on your CD player when these two tracks come on! Fortunately, they're at the very end of the disc. So, the "Chicago" movie soundtrack is a great disc most of the way, even though a few songs from the original show are missing. However, if you really love the movie version of "Chicago," then I strongly recommend checking out any of the three "Chicago" stage show soundtracks that are also available on CD, *especially* my personal favorite of the bunch, the 1998 London cast recording with Ute Lemper & Ruthie Henshall. It's a barnburning rendition of the show, and it includes the complete song score in it's entirety. And no rap songs. :-)     