 Peter Gabriel's new 2-CD retrospective, "Hit," is certainly a great collection, spanning Gabriel's solo career from 1977 to the present. Many classic Gabriel cuts are here: "Solsbury Hill," "Games Without Frontiers," "Shock The Monkey," "Sledgehammer," "Digging In The Dirt," "Growing Up," and many others. There's also one previously unreleased song, the great rocker "Burn You Up Burn You Down" (a leftover track from the "Up" sessions), the awesome "Lovetown" (from the "Philadelphia" movie soundtrack), and three songs from Gabriel's import-only release, "OVO"---"The Tower That Ate People," "Father, Son," and a live rendition of "Downside Up" (featuring Gabriel in a duet with his daughter, Melanie). There's even the lovely track, "Cloudless," from Gabriel's "Rabbit-Proof Fence" movie soundtrack. A very good, more-than-satisfying Gabriel retrospective, to be sure. But NO songs at all from Gabriel's 2nd album (which just so happens to be my favorite Gabriel disc)? This is now the second time that Gabriel has snubbed his second album, as nothing from it was included on his earlier greatest hits CD, "Shaking The Tree." I tell you, folks, if I knew how to contact Peter Gabriel directly, I'd get him on the horn right now and say to him, "Look, Peter, you really need to stop ignoring your second album. It's a wonderful album, man, so be proud of it!" Also, nothing from Gabriel's soundtracks to the films "Birdy" or "The Last Temptation Of Christ" is represented, either, which is another unfortunate oversight.Nevertheless, "Hit" is stuffed full of magnificent Peter Gabriel music, clocking in at about 2 1/2 hours total, which is nothing to sneeze at. Whether you're a casual Gabriel fan or a diehard, this set is definitely worth purchasing. But what we Gabriel fans could *really* use right about now is a BOX SET, and one that features songs from ALL of Peter's albums, including the sorely overlooked second album. Peter certainly deserves a box set, and think of all those B-sides and rarities that would be on it, too...(*sigh*)...Well, until then, "Hit" will do for now.     