 I honestly do believe that U2 laid down their very best music on their back-to-back pair of "experimental" albums, 1993's "Zooropa," and this one, 1997's "Pop." Of course I like the band's classic stuff that came before, as well as their excellent music that has come after, but "Zooropa" and "Pop" are definitely my favorites from Bono & the boys. How very strange that many U2 fans simply can't appreciate these two fantastic albums, complaining that the band strayed too far from their trademark sound into odd, far-out musical realms that didn't suit them. Really? Did they really do that? I don't think so. U2 simply wanted to expand their musical horizons a bit and try something a little different. Not *abandon* their sound, but just add some extra, experimental colors to it. Would recording "The Joshua Tree Part II" or "War Part II" been a better choice for them? Of course not. I like U2's other music just fine, but "Zooropa" and "Pop" are my favorite U2 albums because they contain, in my opinion, the most exciting, adventurous music the band have ever done. Picking up right where they left off with "Zooropa," U2 delivered another album of barnburning music with "Pop." Working again with industrial producer Flood, the band totally tear up the place with sizzling, electrifying rock that also incorporates elements of dance and techno, and brilliantly so. How can you NOT like the slammin' rock of "Discotheque," the atmospheres of "Do You Feel Loved," or the eurotrash exuberance of "Mofo"? "Pop" also contains softer numbers like "If God Will Send His Angels," "Staring At The Sun," and "If You Wear That Velvet Dress," songs that are just as gorgeous as earlier U2 classics like "With Or Without You" and "One." "Last Night On Earth" and "Gone" are both thrilling rockers. "Miami" is a great industrial confection, while "The Playboy Mansion" is a wonderfully slinky number. "Please" is one of the most passionate U2 songs I've ever heard, a terrific tune that just builds and builds in power as it goes along. And finally, there's "Wake Up Dead Man," an excellent song that sees the band riding away into the sunset, another great album done. Bono's vocals throughout are powerful, the band's performances are nothing less than scorching, and the production work by Flood is mighty impressive. There's no reason for this U2 album to be overlooked, and I hope that the fans who didn't dig it the first time around will give it another chance. "Pop" is an amazing U2 album. Thank you Bono, Edge, Adam & Larry for making it.      