 Welcome back *again*, Procol Harum! I don't know what took them so long to record a follow-up to 1991's "The Prodigal Stranger," but, 12 years later, it's finally here at last: "The Well's On Fire," and I'm very happy to report that it was SO worth the wait. Founding members Gary Brooker (piano & vocals), Matthew Fisher (organ), and lyricist Keith Reid are back onboard, and, with guitarist Geoff Whitehorn, bassist Matt Pegg and drummer Mark Brzezicki, they've delivered an outstanding Harum album that sounds completely fresh, yet still harks back to the band's classic sound of yor. Fans will be smiling from ear to ear as they dip through the band's wonderful latest batch of melodic songs, like the opening "An Old English Dream," the rockers "Shadow Boxed," "The VIP Room," "The Question," "Wall Street Blues," "So Far Behind" and "Every Dog Will Have His Day" (featuring great barks & howls from Brooker), and beautiful ballads like "A Robe Of Silk" (very reminiscent of the classic "She Wandered Through The Garden Fence"), the heartfelt "The Blink Of An Eye" (inspired by the 9/11 tragedy), "This World Is Rich," "Fellow Travellers," and "The Emperor's New Clothes." And Matthew Fisher still knows how to deliver an organ masterwork with the finale, "Weisselklenzenacht (The Signature)." Gary Brooker's voice and piano playing is still as strong and commanding as ever, and Matthew Fisher's classic organ is still a joy to hear. As for the new Harum men, Whitehorn is so good on guitar that you don't miss Robin Trower, Pegg is a fine bassist and Brzezicki is a very powerful drummer (Harum's late great drummer B.J. Wilson would've definitely approved of him, I think). And co-produced by the band & Rafe McKenna, the album's production is crisp & sharp.I sure hope we don't have to wait 12 years for the next Procol Harum album---these guys are so good! "The Well's On Fire" is a terrific album, and a very welcome comeback of one of rock's finest groups. Procol Harum have returned again! Pick up this CD and celebrate.     