 Ever since U2's Grammy-winning album "How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb" was released in late 2004, I've read review after review after review from Amazon folk saying that they think this latest offering from U2 is bad, that the album is just a pale shadow of the great music U2 "used" to make (though, obviously, the Grammy voters disagreed). Well, being a relatively new U2 fan myself, I finally got around to buying "Atomic Bomb" only just recently, while keeping in mind all these terrible reviews. Please join me now as I listen to the album myself, and make brief remarks on each track. Off we go: 1. Vertigo---Classic U2 rocker. What's not to like about it? Love The Edge's six-string attack on this one, too. 2. Miracle Drug---Excellent song. Very passionate. 3. Sometimes You Can't Make It Your Own---Beautiful tune. 4. Love And Peace Or Else---Very groovy. Also, the "Aah-aah" chorus reminds me of "The Gold Bug" by The Alan Parsons Project. A cool touch to a cool song. 5. City Of Blinding Lights---Another beautiful number. (I'm now halfway through the album. Still waiting to hear something bad. But so far, so good. Bono & the boys are doing fine.) 6. All Because Of You---Another great U2 rocker. Scorching guitar work from The Edge, too. 7. A Man And A Woman---GORGEOUS song. Should've been released as a single. Love it! 8. Crumbs From Your Table---Yet another great, melodic rocker. 9. One Step Closer---The album's simplest, softest number. Very pretty. Has great warmth to it. 10. Original Of The Species---Excellent pop/rock. Almost sounds Beatle-esque in places. A very charming tune. 11. Yahweh---A lovely, powerful, fine finale to this album. As for the band themselves, Bono still has a brilliant voice & writes great lyrics, The Edge's guitar-playing still catches fire, Adam Clayton still plays a mean bass, and Larry Mullen Jr. is still a phenomenal drummer. These guys still sound great together. U2 still got it after all these years. Is "Atomic Bomb" the group's masterpiece? No. But does it have to be their masterpiece? No. It's a wonderful album, and that's more than good enough for me. I say don't listen to the ridiculous negative reviews---U2's "How To Dismantle An Atomic Bomb" is great.         