 I have a very heavy heart as I write this review---I've just heard the sad news that Traffic drummer Jim Capaldi has just passed away from stomach cancer at the age of 60. The rock world has lost one of it's greatest drummers, and an exceptional singer & songwriter as well. His contributions to Traffic, and to music in general, were fantastic, and I will miss him very much.Thankfully, Capaldi, like fellow late Traffic member Chris Wood, lives on in his recorded work, including all his wonderful albums with Traffic. One of Capaldi's finest moments with Traffic was this all-time classic, 1970's "John Barleycorn Must Die." It was recorded at a time when Traffic had presumably disbanded for good after the release of their album, "Last Exit." Steve Winwood started work on what he thought would be his first solo album, but retained the services of fellow Traffic men Capaldi and Wood to help him record it. When they had finished, it became obvious to the trio that what they had recorded could not possibly be released as a Winwood solo album, but a brand-new Traffic album. The album was christened "John Barleycorn Must Die," and Traffic were re-born. And the album was a huge hit, too. "John Barleycorn Must Die" is an outstanding Traffic classic. Originally just six tracks in length, this album simply COOKS. The opening instrumental "Glad" is a masterpiece, with Winwood, Capaldi and Wood playing off each other and trading licks like musicians possessed. The number *totally* rocks, as do the two breathtaking tracks that immediately follow it, "Freedom Rider" and "Empty Pages." The band slow things down a bit with the excellent "Stranger To Himself," followed by the hauntingly beautiful "John Barleycorn," a traditional song that Winwood, Capaldi & Wood play with quiet, exquisite perfection. The band then head for home with the rockin', atmospheric gem, "Every Mother's Son." Winwood's vocals are outstanding throughout, and the trio's performances are simply sensational. "John Barleycorn Must Die" is a phenomenal Traffic masterpiece, one of the band's signature works. I'm very glad that they made it, and I'm very glad that they got back together again for several more incredible albums because of it. And so long, Jim Capaldi, we will miss you. Say hi to Chris for us.       