 When George Harrison tragically passed away from cancer in November 2001, and all the tributes started pouring in from George's musical peers, I was very surprised to not read or see any tribute from one of George's closest friends---Eric Clapton. But then, later in 2002, I saw that Clapton organized an all-star tribute concert in George's memory on the one-year anniversary of his death. I was very touched to hear about it, but I was even more touched to finally *hear* it. Recorded live at the Royal Albert Hall on Nov. 29, 2002, "The Concert For George" is a marvelously heartfelt tribute to the late, great George Harrison. George loved the music of India, and Disc One of this 2-CD set contains the Indian music part of the show, featuring Ravi & Anoushka Shankar, as well as a cameo from Jeff Lynne on "The Inner Light." It's very, very beautiful. Disc Two is the main concert featuring Harrison's songs, both his Beatles and solo compositions, and it's full of mostly outstanding performances, including Clapton's rendering of "If I Needed Someone," Jeff Lynne's "Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth)," Joe Brown's "Here Comes The Sun," Billy Preston's "Isn't It A Pity" and "My Sweet Lord," Ringo Starr's "Photograph," and Paul McCartney's "For You Blue," and McCartney's duets with Clapton on "Something," and "While My Guitar Gently Weeps." Also appreciated is Procol Harum's Gary Brooker on "Old Brown Shoe," and Joe Brown's heartfelt ukelele finale that's guaranteed to bring a tear to your eye, "I'll See You In My Dreams." Unfortunately, there are a few debits. Tom Petty's thin, nasal voice doesn't quite cut it on "Taxman" and "I Need You," though he certainly tries (and I do acknowledge that he was a friend & fellow "Traveling Wilbury" of Harrison's, so I suppose he had a right to be on the stage that night). Also disappointing is the ommission of comic performances by the members of Monty Python (whom Harrison was a huge fan of), and Sam Brown's performance of "Horse To Water," which was reportedly a major highlight of the evening (I have not yet seen the DVD version of the concert, but I definitely plan to). But overall, this double live CD is as excellent a memorial to a great music legend as one could possibly ask for. "The Concert For George" is an absolutely touching, beautiful celebration of the life and music of George Harrison, a truly great artist who blessed the world with his great musical gifts.     