 In case you haven't heard the sad news, Paul Young, one of the two lead singers for Mike & The Mechanics, unexpectedly passed away last week from a heart attack at the age of 53. He was a brilliant singer, with a  full, rich, powerful voice, and he was an amazing performer, too. I had the  very good fortune of seeing Paul Young live with the Mechanics three times  in the late 80's, and I'll never forget Paul's enthusiasm, his energy, or  the way he commanded the stage in front of the band. He was a marvelous  talent, and he will be missed.While mourning Paul's untimely passing, I  pulled out & played my old Mike & The Mechanics CD's the other day,  "Living Years" included, as a tribute. Besides Paul Young's  amazing vocal work throughout (and Paul Carrack's, too, of course), what  struck me again about "Living Years" after having not played it  in so long is how wonderfully crafted each and every song is. Whether  rockers, ballads, or mid-tempo stuff, Mike Rutherford and the boys have  made a pop-rock album that simply glows. I know that the band have been  slagged in the past for their "slick" sound, but, polished as  their albums may sound, there's incredible musicianship, songwriting, and  vocals to be found on every record they've made. There's nothing wrong with  "slick" as long as the heart of the material beats strong, and  I've always found Mike Rutherford's albums with the Mechanics to have great  heart. "Living Years" is no exception.The album immediately gets  your attention with the striking "Nobody's Perfect," sung  marvelously by Paul Young. This is followed by the classic title song, sung  beautifully by Paul Carrack,  about losing someone you love before telling  them everything you wanted to say to them. I DARE you to not have a tear in  your eye after hearing this gorgeous song. "Seeing Is Believing"  is very catchy and is another great vocal showcase for Paul Young,  "Nobody Knows" perfectly captures the mood of reminiscing over  someone you've let go in a relationship, and "Poor Boy Down" is a  strong, punchy tune that again allows Paul Young to strut his stuff at the  mike.The band go into rocker-overdrive with the powerful "Blame,"  showcasing Mike Rutherford's furious attack on the guitar during the  bridge. "Don't" is another album highlight, with great vocals by  Paul Carrack in a song about a guy whose girl won't let him "go too  far" with her. "Black & Blue" is a cool  sledgehammer-rocker with a fine cameo from Phil Collins (on sampled  drumloop), and the exuberant "Beautiful Day" is a soaring,  gorgeous track, with a fantastic vocal by Paul Young, that has "SMASH  HIT" written all over it---I'll never know why this fabulous tune was  never chosen as a single. And finally, the album closes with the dramatic  "Why Me?," a stirring song about staying strong inside no matter  what, brilliantly sung by Paul Carrack.Besides their self-titled debut  & "Living Years," Mike & The Mechanics have released  three more top-notch albums, but "Living Years" is arguably the  best of the lot (though I highly recommend the rest of their catalog, too).  But with the tragic loss of Paul Young, we can only wait and see what Mike  Rutherford will do about it from here on. Perhaps he'll return to Genesis  for now, or maybe he'll make another Mechanics album with Paul Carrack  singing everything. Or perhaps he'll get another singer to fill the vacancy  left by Young. Whichever way Rutherford decides, one thing is  certain---Mike & The Mechanics will never quite be the same without the  unique presence of Paul Young. As his work on "Living Years"  alone proves, he was an incredibly gifted singer, a man who could move  mountains with his amazing voice, and I will miss him greatly. God bless  you, Paul.     