 Thankfully back in print after being unavailable for several years, John Lennon & Yoko Ono's "Milk & Honey" album is a wonderful swan song for Lennon (although it certainly wasn't intended as such). Released in 1984, it comprises Lennon's leftover songs from the "Double Fantasy" sessions, some of them in unfinished form, as well as additional material from Yoko, with the album following the same call-and-response format of the couple's "Double Fantasy" disc. In some ways, "Milk & Honey" is actually better than the Grammy-winning "Double Fantasy" (as great an album as that one is), if for no other reason than Yoko's contributions are a LOT easier on the ears this time around. John's material on "Double Fantasy" is classic Lennon all the way, but apart from the very sweet "Yes I'm Your Angel," Yoko's tunes on "Double Fantasy" were very difficult to take, what with her screeching vocals and choppy delivery. Not so on "Milk & Honey." Her songs this time around are melodic & tuneful through and through, and even her singing here is quite tolerable (my favorite: "Let Me Count The Ways," which is very lovely). Her songs compliment John's material on this album very nicely. Although some of John's songs here sound unfinished (considering his amusing, joking vocals on a few tracks, probably not intended as the final versions), all of his songs are a great pleasure to listen to, including "I'm Stepping Out," "Nobody Told Me," "I Don't Wanna Face It," and "Borrowed Time." "Grow Old With Me," John's wedding song which is heard here in cassette demo form (the only existing recording of it), is a gorgeous song, one of Lennon's best. "Forgive Me (My Little Flower Princess)" may indeed be a "throwaway" number, but oh, what a catchy, irresistible throwaway! It's bouncy and it lingers in the head, and for me, that's good enough. The bonus material on this re-issue are all excellent, too. "Every Man Has A Woman Who Loves Him," one of Yoko's best compositions, was originally a duet between John & Yoko. Now, the vocals have been re-mixed so it's John singing lead throughout, which is a very nice surprise. The CD concludes with an insightful 20-minute snippet from the last recorded interview John ever gave, a mere several hours before his tragic shooting. Listening to it, one is saddened by hearing a very happy, very talented man who had so much left to give to the world, and yet, the listener sadly knows that his time was almost up. Nonetheless, it's a very precious recording to have.The CD has also been remastered & remixed for better sound, and I couldn't be happier with it. "Milk & Honey" is a very fond farewell to one of the 20th Century's greatest musical geniuses, with a little bit of help from the woman who loved him. We miss you, John.     