 Judging by the somewhat disappointing 3.5 rating that Amazon reviewers have so far given the new version of the Beatles "Let It Be" album, entitled "Let It Be...Naked," I think a misconception needs to be cleared up here. The new version of "Let It Be" is simply meant to be a *companion* version to the original, NOT a replacement. The original version remains a fine Beatles album, but the "Naked" version has only been released as a way to strengthen the album musically, and bring it closer to the Beatles' original vision of it. Therefore, Phil Spector's orchestral & choir overdubs---which were put on without the Fab Four's consent---have been removed, the screwing-around tracks "Dig It" and "Maggie Mae" have also been removed, the brilliant ballad "Don't Let Me Down" has been restored (finally!), the running order of the songs has been changed, and, of course, the tunes have all been remastered for better sound quality. Personally, I think "Let It Be" has become a better, stronger album because of it. Again, I'm not knocking the original "Let It Be" album---it's still a Beatles classic, Spector-warts and all---but *musically*, I feel the "Naked" version has definitely strengthened the album, and I'm very, very happy with it. As for the bonus 22-minute "Fly On The Wall" CD of Beatles chatter and rehearsal soundbites, I may not be playing it all too often, but nonetheless, the bonus CD IS a very fascinating little glimpse into the making of the album, as you're virtually allowed to go into the studio with John, Paul, George & Ringo, and hear the lads working away. Besides, it's worth listening to if only for the band's brief run-through of the rare Lennon/McCartney song, "Because I Know You Love Me So," previously unavailable.   By all means, keep your old copy of "Let It Be." Keep it for the Spector production (whether you truly like it or not), keep it for "Dig It" and "Maggie Mae," and keep it for John's classic closing remark about the band passing the audition. But I see no reason why "Let It Be...Naked" can't deserve a place sitting next to the original "Let It Be" CD in your Beatles collection. Remember, it's a companion album to the original, not a replacement. And a classic Beatles album has been musically improved in the process. In my opinion, "Let It Be...Naked" is "Let It Be"...better.     