 Led by Rick Davies, Supertramp recorded two albums without there *other* famous leader, Roger Hodgson, 1985's dark-but-still-excellent "Brother Where You Bound," and 1987's lighter, poppier "Free As A Bird" (currently out of print). Both are great albums, but there was still a sense that Roger Hodgson's shadow was still looming over the group. Then, without making any official announcements at all, the band simply stopped. A whole decade passed, but then, at last, Supertramp got back into business. Boy, did they! After a 10-year absence, 1997's "Some Things Never Change" is the album that *finally* allowed Supertramp to emerge from Roger's shadow. Although it certainly would've been great to have Hodgson back in the band for this album---and he WAS asked---he declined to return, and so, singer/songwriter/keyboardist Rick Davies remains firmly at the helm once more. And what an album he & the band have delivered after so long---"Some Things" is simply spectacular! Song for song it is stunning. I was blown away right from the first listen, and I knew right then and there that even without Hodgson, Supertramp had returned in a big, BIG way. Five years later, "Some Things Never Change" is still my personal favorite album by the band. Like the album title suggests, the classic Supertramp hybrid of jazz, funk, pop, & rock remains firmly intact even after such a long break, with veteran members John Anthony Helliwell (saxophone) & Bob Sibenberg (drums) still onboard along with Davies to contribute to the hallmark Supertramp sound. The musicianship, songwriting, and overall *feel* of "Some Things" is truly something special. Although Supertramp have never recorded what one would call a "concept album" (though the epic title track to "Brother Where You Bound" seems to be conceptual---there was even a movie-featurette video produced for it), there really does seem to be a theme of sorts running through "Some Things Never Change," which is this: in the face of hard times, keep your chin up, because you WILL get through it. The lyrics are some of the most heartfelt that Rick Davies has ever written, real uplifting words of wisdom to hear & read (especially now in these harsh times we're currently living in), in such songs as the brilliant, atmospheric opener, "It's A Hard World," the cheerful "Get Your Act Together," the inspiring "Listen To Me Please," the blues/gospel of "Help Me Down That Road," and the album's ray-of-hope finale, "Where There's A Will." Davies' commanding singing voice and unique fingerwork on the keys remains strong after all this time, and Hodgson's replacement, Mark Hart, sounds close enough to his predecessor, and he delivers some fine vocals himself, especially on the funky "Sooner Or Later." With all due respect to the great Roger Hodgson & his marvelous contributions to the band's recorded work of the past, "Some Things Never Change" is such a good Supertramp album, that you really don't miss him. In my opinion, Rick Davies & company are carrying on without Hodgson just fine, as this album proves beyond the shadow of a doubt. "Some Things Never Change" is a joyous, uplifting album that always makes me smile, a phenomenal comeback for one of the world's greatest bands. :-)     