 "Teenage angst has paid off well/Now I'm bored and old," sings Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain at the top of "Serve The Servants," the very first song on what would turn out to be Nirvana's very last album, 1993's "In Utero." And so begins the final chapter for one of rock's most important bands. As you listen to the various tortured lyrics on "In Utero," it becomes very clear that all is not well with Cobain, and that the pressures of fame and fortune were crushing him. Still, Cobain bravely hung in there for one last album, one last musical statement to the world before he sadly & tragically succumbed to his inner demons the following year. But what a final musical statement "In Utero" is. Although the album is both angry and aggressive, it is also melodic and very beautiful. Cobain, bassist Krist Noveselic and drummer Dave Grohl wanted to step away from the studio polish of their 1991 smash, "Nevermind," and make the follow-up album sound a lot more raw and uncompromising. Mind you, this in no way puts down "Nevermind": that album is an all-time classic. But Cobain & company suspected that "Nevermind" was the megahit that it was partially due to the studio gloss that producer Butch Vig added to it. For "In Utero," the band brought in Steve Albini to give the album a raw, in-your-face, take-no-prisoners feel. And it works brilliantly. "Nevermind" may be the album Nirvana will always be best known for, but "In Utero" is the album that, all things considered, is truest to the spirit of the band. The powerful force and lyrics of such songs as "Serve The Servants," "Heart-Shaped Box," "Rape Me" and "Pennyroyal Tea," the band's mindblowing, aggressive attack on "Scentless Apprentice," "Milk It," "Radio Friendly Unit Shifter," and the brief, punk screamfest that is "Tourette's," mixed with the quiet, poignant beauty of "Dumb" and the album's final, haunting song, "All Apologies," make "In Utero" a truly towering rock album. Cobain's singing, screaming, guitar-playing and songwriting are brilliantly powerful, Noveselic's bass is a big booming monster, and Grohl's forceful drum smashing will blow the doors off you.Nirvana--and Kurt Cobain--flamed out much too soon. We can only wonder how much great music has been lost, but we can take comfort in the band's music that remains: three studio albums, a rarities collection, a live album, a best-of, and the legendary "MTV Unplugged" performance. As the band's final studio album, "In Utero" is an outstanding farewell to Nirvana, a truly original, truly great band.             