 This is the DVD release of the 1990 documentary on the rock group Supertramp, "The Story So Far." Granted, it's a flawed documentary---it's not edited very well, and, as Supertramp fans know now, it's NOT really the story "so far" of the band. The documentary has not been updated to the present day to include anything about the band's comeback albums and tours from 1997 & 2002, respectively ("Some Things Never Change" & "Slow Motion"), nor does it include anything about what Roger Hodgson has been up to all this time (solo album in 2000, tour with Ringo Starr in 2001). Still, I'm giving "The Story So Far" 3 stars for the 'Tramp gems it does contain. The bulk of the documentary is devoted to footage of the band performing 11 songs in Toronto & Munich on their "Famous Last Words" tour in 1983, the last album & tour with Hodgson. Roger seems very happy throughout the performance---you'd never guess that he had plans to leave the band soon afterwards! It's a fine document of the tour, but, with many songs obviously edited out, it leaves the Supertramp fan hungry for more (no footage of "Take The Long Way Home" or "Fool's Overture"? Rats!). The concert footage is also bookended by a brief history of the band up through 1990, with interviews with Rick Davies, Hodgson, and the other band members. It's very interesting but much too brief, however, and, as a previous reviewer pointed out, the documentary's claim that the same line-up did the first pair of albums is not true (it was TWO different line-ups).The DVD includes a very nice bonus of five music videos the band made throughout the 80's, such as "My Kind Of Lady" (featuring a *clean-shaven* Rick Davies), the awesome caveman clip for "Cannonball," and the very lively video for "I'm Beggin' You." But goshdarnit, WHY was the 20-minute short film for "Brother Where You Bound" left out? A very missed opportunity.So, "The Story So Far" is not a perfect Supertramp DVD, as it's missing some much-desired material, but it's certainly enjoyable enough.     