 The world's first "supergroup," consisting of Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, Ginger Baker & Rick Grech, Blind Faith fizzled out almost as quickly as they began---too many egos, too many cash-ins on the part of their managers, and a plagued U.S. tour sealed their fate. But amidst their all-too-brief whirlwind in 1969, the band DID manage to cobble together one single self-titled album, which still stands today as a classic. Containing just six songs, the "Blind Faith" album has held up just fine, thank you very much. "Had To Cry Today," spearheaded by Clapton's unique fretboard, is a groovy headbobber. "Can't Find My Way Home" is one of Winwood's most heartfelt compositions, and Clapton's beautiful "Presence Of The Lord" is one of the biggest highlights of Slowhand's career. The band put an excellent, fresh spin on Buddy Holly's "Well Alright," "Sea Of Joy" is another Winwood winner, and the big finish, Baker's "Do What You Like," is a rock drummer's heaven. And let's not overlook the great bass contributions throughout from Grech, keeping this great rock outfit firmly anchored.The original six-song "Blind Faith" album easily earns 5 out of 5 stars, but this is the special 2001 re-issue version, which now makes "Blind Faith" a double album, containing five previously unreleased extended jams and a few other studio leftovers. Now, you'd think that by applying more material to the album, it would make this already-brilliant recording even more brilliant. But not so fast---while some of the extra material here IS a wonderful addition to the 1969 album, some other material comes across as excess flab that should've stayed in the vaults. First, the Good Stuff: the two solid versions of the blues number, "Sleeping In The Ground"; Winwood's engaging instrumental "Time Winds" (but was it intended to have lyrics, I wonder?); and the electric version of "Can't Find My Way Home," which is just as lovely as the acoustic original. As for the five extended jams, the "Acoustic Jam" is a total keeper, & "Slow Jam #2" is another inspired workout, with the band hitting a good groove and rocking it for all it's worth. The remaining three jams, however, despite the fine musicianship on display, are meandering and unmemorable---they don't really GO anywhere. But to be fair to the band, none of these jam sessions were originally intended for commercial release. Still, "Acoustic Jam" & "Slow Jam #2" DO work, and like the regular album itself, they show what Clapton, Winwood & the boys were capable of when they were cookin' together.Blind Faith's light shined much too briefly, but at least they left behind a terrific album before all was said and done. Most of the bonus material on this deluxe edition compliments the original record quite nicely, so if you're a big fan of this album, then this is certainly worth getting. 32 years later, "Blind Faith" is still a rock gem.     