 As the title, "Turn It On Again: The Hits" suggests, this Genesis compilation simply represents the band's *hits* (well, most of them). This is not a "Best-Of" retrospective of the band's career, just the stuff that made it onto the singles charts, which explains why the lion's share of this album comes from the Phil Collins era, Peter Gabriel's era is only represented twice, and Ray Wilson only once. Still, as a longtime Genesis follower, I'm very pleased with this disc, as it represents a great time when these guys were a strong presence on the radio airwaves. If you're a Genesis fan, either diehard or just casual, then listening to this CD will be a nice stroll down memory lane.Most of the usual suspects are here: "Follow You Follow Me," "Abacab" (single version), "That's All," "Invisible Touch," "Tonight Tonight Tonight" (single version), "No Son Of Mine," and "I Can't Dance." Thankfully, Ray Wilson's brief time as the group's frontman is represented here by "Congo," which briefly charted in the UK (I'm glad that at least *one* track from the very-overlooked Genesis album, "Calling All Stations," will be heard by somebody). And Peter Gabriel's only "hits" with the band, "I Know What I Like" & "The Carpet Crawlers" (both charted in the UK), are also here. And speaking of "The Carpet Crawlers," this version is a remake, with Gabriel, Collins, and guitarist Steve Hackett briefly returning to the fold for a handsome 1999 reworking of this classic nugget from "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" (though everybody in the band recorded their parts separately). Quite possibly the very last thing the band will ever record together, this '99 "Carpet Crawlers," like the original version, is a sheer beauty. The album is worth getting just for this one track alone.    However, with only so much space to work with on a compact disc, several other chart singles by Genesis have been left off, such as "Ripples," "Your Own Special Way," "No Reply At All," "Man On The Corner," "Paperlate," and "Never A Time." Still, all things considered, "Turn It On Again: The Hits" is a very good representation of Genesis' most popular tunes. If you're a diehard fan who already owns the whole band's catalog, get this CD for the "Carpet Crawlers" remake, as it's totally worth it. And if you're simply a casual fan, well then, get it for the hits. Either way, it's a win-win purchase. :-)     