 There seems to be a school of thought somewhere in Yes' fanbase that *only* the band's long, extended pieces of music matter. Whenever the band simplify things a bit and do a whole album of shorter pieces, some Yes fans actually cry foul. Personally, I think this is just plain silly. Although I love "Close To The Edge," "Gates Of Delerium," "The Revealing Science Of God" and other Yes epics, I can greatly appreciate the band's shorter tunes as well. There's plenty of great songs to be had on Yes' very first pair of albums, as well as 1978's "Tormato" (I remain defiant that that's a great album), 1980's "Drama," all of the Trevor Rabin-era albums (even the much-maligned "Union" has a few gems on it), and this album, 1997's "Open Your Eyes," which I think is one of the group's very best albums."Open Your Eyes" started out life as a solo album for bassist Chris Squire, but it quickly evolved into a full-fledged Yes album, with all the other members getting into the act & contributing parts. Keyboard wiz Rick Wakeman had left the group AGAIN, so the band brought newcomer Billy Sherwood into the fold. The end result is a joyous, upbeat Yes album that sounds uncannily like a Trevor Rabin production, only without Trevor Rabin. ALL of the songs, from "New State Of Mind" to "The Solution," are catchy, uplifting, and memorable. Jon Anderson & the gang's heavenly choir vocals are all perfectly intact, as well as their expert musical chops. The production on "Eyes" is clean & polished, the sound is big and booming. "Open Your Eyes" is also a GREAT Yes album to cruise in your car to. I dare you not to hum along & tap your feet with this music as you head down the highway!"Open Your Eyes" is a very underrated Yes album. The band no longer play anything from it in concert, and the disc hardly ever gets a mention when fans talk about their favorite Yes music. But *I* think that this is an awesome disc, and one of the band's finest accomplishments. "Open Your Eyes" is a Yes album that's always a pleasure for me to listen to, and a great disc to play when you need a good, solid, spiritual boost. Please open YOUR eyes & ears to this one.      