 After he released his 1982 debut solo album, "The Nightfly," Steely Dan's Donald Fagen found himself with a case of writer's block, and he took an extended break from the music business, apart from contributing music to the 1988 Michael J. Fox movie, "Bright Lights Big City" (which Fagen still found very difficult to do), and writing the occasional column for the popular movie magazine, Premiere. But come 1991, and Donald *finally* decided to ease himself back into his music career once more, and what better way to do it then to get together with some big-name friends and put on a concert just for fun. "The New York Rock And Soul Revue: Live At The Beacon" captures Fagen live in concert with other greats like Boz Scaggs, Phoebe Snow, Michael McDonald, Charles Brown, and Eddie & David Brigati of the Rascals, performing some of the classic oldies that inspired all of them to become musicians in the first place, as well as some of their original songs, too. In other words, as Fagen says in the liner notes, "the music we'd like to hear at a good party." And the "New York Rock And Soul Revue" is a damn good party, indeed. Donald & friends play this music with great fire, making for a truly rollicking good time. Standout tracks include McDonald & Snow's duet on "Knock On Wood," Snow's dynamic performances of "Shakey Ground" and "At Last," Donald's classy takes on "Green Flower Street" and Steely Dan's "Chained Lightning," Boz Scaggs' smooth rendering of "Drowning In The Sea Of Love," McDonald's cool cover of his hit with the Doobie Brothers, "Minute By Minute," and, of course, the Steely Dan classic, "Pretzel Logic," with Fagen dueting brilliantly with McDonald for a rousing finale. Not long after this concert was performed, Donald Fagen was finally inspired to record his second solo album, 1993's "Kamakiriad," AND to hit the road with his Steely Dan chum Walter Becker for a pair of reunion Steely Dan tours, culminating at last into the Dan's long-awaited reunion album, 2000's Grammy-winning "Two Against Nature." But, very thankfully, this magnificent live album was the spark for all of that. "The New York Rock And Soul Revue: Live At The Beacon" is a wonderful, must-own CD for any fan of Donald Fagen & friends. Put it on, and enjoy the party!     