 I'll concede that Paul McCartney certainly made some good music here & there after the breakup of the Beatles in 1970 ("Ram," "Band On The Run," and hit singles like "Live And Let Die" and "Silly Love Songs" are obvious standouts), but admittedly, his songwriting HAD gotten a tad soft after his Fab Four days. The main theory for this is that after the Beatles parted ways, McCartney was in such a hugely blissful state with his devoted wife Linda and their family, lovey-dovey pop was pretty much all the man could write during this time. As McCartney's old friend John Lennon once said, genius is pain, and from 1970 to 1997, McCartney did not appear to be experiencing *any* kind of pain in his life (Lennon's murder in 1980 notwithstanding), and his sometimes-fluffy songwriting back then reflected that.That all changed in 1998, however, when McCartney, very sadly, lost his lovely Linda to breast cancer. Three years later, after getting through his grieving process---and enjoying a new romance with the new love in his life, fiancee Heather Mills---Paul McCartney has rediscovered his long-dormant songwriting genius once again, delivering "Driving Rain," without question the best album McCartney has done in many, many years. With a tight four-piece band behind him, Paul totally sounds inspired on this set, delivering some truly outstanding material (his singing voice and musical chops are still in top-notch condition, too). He runs the gamut on this one: the lovely "From A Lover To A Friend," the heavy, steady rock of "She's Given Up Talking," the breezy pop of the title track & "Tiny Bubble," the excellent head-bobbing rocker "About You," the heartfelt "Heather" (gee, who's that, I wonder?), the African-tinged "Riding Into Jaipur," and the incredibly thunderous workout, "Rinse The Raindrops" (nevermind that the man is heading toward 60---he still knows how to rock, as this track plainly shows). And if that weren't enough, "Driving Rain" concludes with a marvelous bonus track, McCartney's live rendition of "Freedom," the excellent anthem he wrote that was inspired by the 9/11 tragedy.While it's sad to think that it took the death of his beloved wife to get Paul McCartney back on the right track musically, back on track he most certainly is, as evidenced by this great album. "Driving Rain" is an instant winner, the most inspired collection of tunes that McCartney has delivered in a long, long time. Welcome back, Paul. We knew you could do it. :-)     