 The wait is over! 10 long years of waiting for a new "proper" Peter Gabriel album has finally come to an end with the long-awaited, long-overdue release of "UP" (though Peter's import-release from 2000, "OVO," kept me occupied just fine over the last couple of years). Several reviews have criticized Peter's latest disc as a "downer," with many songs dealing with darkness, death, grief, etc. So, is "UP" a downer? Only on the first listen, I think. But give this album *another* spin, and I promise you, you'll get used to it. The "downer" element won't sound so down anymore, and "UP" will totally reveal it's true powers to you. Gabriel sets the tone on "UP" right away with "Darkness," an industrial pastiche that harks back to his sinister track, "Intruder," from his third album. "Growing Up" is propulsive, atmospheric, and has a slamming beat and memorable chorus to match ("My ghosts like to travel"). It's my favorite track on the album. "Sky Blue" (featuring fine background vocals by the Blind Boys Of Alabama) is a gorgeous song, as are the dramatic "No Way Out" & "I Grieve." The most criticized track on the album, however, is the first single, "The Barry Williams Show," in which Gabriel takes a look at trash TV shows along the lines of Jerry Springer, etc. Some reviewers say this song sounds out-of-place with the rest of the album, but I don't think so---"UP" is a dark album, and don't trash TV programs show the *dark* side of people? It's upbeat and it's funny, with Gabriel's clever lyrics hitting all the right targets, and, as the album's middle tune, it's a nice respite from the more serious material that surrounds it. After this song, Gabriel continues to spin haunting, multi-layered tracks with "My Head Sounds Like That," the rocking "More Than This" (NOT to be confused with the Roxy Music hit), and the orchestral "Signal To Noise," with commanding guest vocals by the late, great Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. Finally there's "The Drop," featuring just Gabriel & his piano, ending the album on a very eloquent note that stays with you. I don't mind "downer" music as long as it's powerful, and as long as it captivates me. Has Peter Gabriel ever delivered anything less than powerful, captivating music on his albums? "UP" is no exception. "UP" is a fabulous, haunting, memorable Gabriel album. Welcome back, Pete! Just don't make us wait 10 years for the next one. :-)     