 Fans of Peter Gabriel rejoice!  After eight long years, Peter Gabriel finally returns with "OVO: The Millennium Show," his first release of brand-new music since 1992's "Us." And what exactly IS  this new album, "OVO: The Millennium Show"? Well, it's a  soundtrack album to an acrobatic, Cirque De Soleil-type show exclusively  playing at the Millennium Dome in England that Peter Gabriel did the music  for. This album is Gabriel's music from the show, featuring not only  classic lead vocals from Peter on certain tracks, but excellent guest vocal  turns from the likes of Richie Havens, Elizabeth Fraser & Paul  Buchanan. And let me tell you, Peter Gabriel fans, this album is  *sensational*. Peter runs the whole musical gamut here, from gorgeous  ballads (Father, Son) to soaring rock (The Tower That Ate People), from  spine-tingling tunes (Downside-Up) to memorable instrumentals (The Tree  That Went Up). Peter even throws in some amazing techno elements, some  knockout world music beats, and even a slice of giddy celtic music!  "OVO" is simply astonishing from beginning to end.The packaging  of this CD is incredible, too. You see, "OVO" is a conceptual  piece, and included with the CD in the colorful slipcase is a handsome  illustrated book, telling the story of "OVO," as well as a bonus  CD-ROM with footage from the Millennium Dome's "OVO" show itself.  Talk about more bang for the buck!I think the best compliment that I can  pay Peter Gabriel's "OVO" is that, although it's a soundtrack  album with guest vocalists, it doesn't *feel* like a soundtrack album. It  has the genuine feel of a proper solo release from Gabriel, and, after  starving for eight long years for new music from this great genius,  "OVO: The Millennium Show" is simply a godsend. It's only  available on import right now for us North American fans, but I guarantee  you, it's worth every single penny! So, buy this album, LOVE this album,  and tell your friends about it. This could become the biggest-selling  import album ever, and why not? A brilliant, sensational musical work from  start to finish, "OVO: The Millennium Show" is a great cause for  celebration. Peter Gabriel is BACK---spread the word!     