 "Live At Leeds" is the immortal live album by The Who, recorded at Leeds University on February 14, 1970, and it still remains the most important live document of this legendary band, showing for all the world to hear just how monstrous Pete Townshend, Roger Daltrey, John Entwistle & Keith Moon could be live in concert in their 1969-1970 heyday. It's a ferocious, wallpaper-shredding performance that gives the listener a truly special "You Are There" experience, and it perfectly captures the band at the peak of their live powers, playing each number with a fiery intensity as if their lives depended on it. (The album also features some very funny inbetween-song banter as well, primarily from Townshend and Moon, which only adds even more value to this already superb live recording.) The "Live At Leeds" album had been brilliantly expanded once before in 1995, but was still incomplete with the ommission of the band's performance of "Tommy" that night, apart from the "Amazing Journey/Sparks" extract. But now, finally, 31 years after it's original release, this Deluxe Edition of "Live At Leeds," now including the "Tommy" performance, restores this landmark Who concert to it's virtual entirety. I say virtual because the "Spoonful" segment of "Shakin' All Over" has NOT been restored for some reason (reportedly due to Townshend's dissatisfaction with the band's rendition of it that night, if such a thing is actually possible). But everything else from the show is now here at last, for which Who fans all over the world can be very grateful.Listening to the band's slightly-abridged live version of "Tommy" here (minus "Cousin Kevin," "Underture" and "Welcome," and with a few songs shuffled around in different order), it goes without saying that it's just as thunderous and brilliantly performed as the rest of the band's set that historical night at Leeds University. However, one wishes that "Tommy" had been left in the correct performance order on this Deluxe Edition---as the liner notes reveal, "Tommy" came between "A Quick One While He's Away" and Summertime Blues," but for this special 2-CD set, "Tommy" has been snipped from the performance on CD One and given it's own showcase on CD Two. But this is an extremely minor quibble. I'm just happy to have the live Leeds "Tommy" at all, finally alongside with the rest of the band's magnificent performance at last.The surviving members of The Who, now in their fifties, toured the U.S. during the summer of 2000, and although I would've loved to have seen them, I simply wasn't willing to fork out [amt] a pop for the best seats. With this outstanding Deluxe Edition of "Live At Leeds", a one-time fee of approx. [amt] gets you the greatest live recording of the band in their prime that has ever been made, AND when Keith Moon was still alive & bashing away behind the drumkit for them, yours to enjoy for all eternity. THAT, my friends, is truly a bargain. :-)     