 1986's "So" was Peter Gabriel's big commercial breakthrough, and it's not difficult to see (or hear) why: "So" has all of the power & passion of Gabriel's previous efforts, but it also has a great warmth to it's songs, as Gabriel's past albums may have sounded a little too dark and serious for the masses of record buyers. "So," however, with it's lighter mood, was welcomed by the public with open arms, and finally catapulted Gabriel out of cult status & into superstardom.Quite simply, every single song on "So" is a masterpiece. Gabriel's singing has never been better, his songwriting here is phenomenal, as is the production, and the marvelous playing of Gabriel and his supreme team of session players, including the reliable Tony Levin on bass and David Rhodes on guitar. Many of these songs are FM radio staples, and have been widely covered by other artists: the thunderous "Red Rain," the smash hit "Sledgehammer" (with Gabriel cutting loose with a big, brassy R&B throwdown), the gorgeous duet "Don't Give Up" (w/ Kate Bush), and the outstanding "In Your Eyes" & "Mercy Street." There's also the great pop-rockers "Big Time" (another big hit), and "That Voice Again," with Gabriel hitting a long high note that is guaranteed to send shivers down your spine. "This Is The Picture" is a terrific, light-groove collaboration with Laurie Anderson, combining singing with spoken word, and the funky guitar of Nile Rodgers. And finally, there's "We Do What Were Told," the song that sounds most like Gabriel's earlier, darker material. It's brief, lyrically simple, but very, very haunting.This new remastered version of "So" sounds sensational, bringing out new sonic textures to the album that I had never heard before, beautiful notes that were previously undetected. However, I am a bit puzzled by the decision to re-shuffle the song "In Your Eyes," so it's now the last song on the album, instead of "We Do What We're Told" (the old vinyl version) or "This Is The Picture" (the old CD & cassette versions). Personally, I think "We Do What We're Told" works better as an album closer, but no matter. "In Your Eyes" is an all-time favorite Gabriel tune, and I'm sure in time I'll get used to it as the new finale for "So."Peter Gabriel's "So" was rightfully nominated for the Grammy for Album Of The Year," but it lost to Paul Simon's "Graceland"---a very good album, granted, but it's not musically stronger than "So," nor has it's impact been as longlasting as "So." The Grammy commitee also goofed big time (excuse the pun) when they passed over Gabriel for Robert Palmer in the Best Male Pop Vocal category. Go figure. But these shocking Grammy injustices take nothing away from Gabriel's monumental achievement with this album. "So" is a classic, sparkling album from the first note to the last, and an important testament to the power of gifted, intelligent songwriting & performing, and as only Peter Gabriel can do it. "So" is so perfect. :-)     