 Like many reviewers before me have already said, King Crimson's second album, 1970's "In The Wake Of Poseidon," sounds very much like a retread of their classic first album, "In The Court Of The Crimson King." At least, the first half does. Was Robert Fripp & company short on material and/or ideas? Could be, but it may have been mostly because "Poseidon" shows King Crimson in a state of transition, so the band may have been pressed for time in coming up with new stuff. Bassist/vocalist Greg Lake only had enough time to contribute vocals to the album, as he was about to join Emerson, Lake & Palmer, so Peter Giles played bass for the recording, while Gordon Haskell contributes a guest vocal on "Cadence And Cascade," and he would carry on as lead vocalist and bassist for Crimson's next album, "Lizard." Still, this IS King Crimson were talking about here, and "In The Wake Of Poseidon" is still an excellent Crimson album, filled with the band's trademark tough-as-nails progressive rock and atmospheric tranquility. First up is the "Son of The Crimson King" material. Following the quiet, serene opener, "Peace: A Beginning," is "Pictures Of A City," a basic re-write of "21st Century Schizoid Man," all the way down to Fripp's fiery guitar solos, the kinetic instrumental bridge, and the use of saxophone. Still, it's great rockin' stuff. "Cadence And Cascade" is practically the twin song of "I Talk To The Wind," but, like it's more famous brother, it's a lovely song. And the title track is more or less a clone of "Epitaph," but considering it's equally dreamy sounds & feel, I'm not gonna complain about it.The second half of "Poseidon" kicks off with a beautiful bit of Fripp solo guitar, "Peace: A Theme," before giving way to "Cat Food," an awesome progressive jazz/rock fusion number that points in the direction that Crimson would take on their next album, "Lizard" (Keith Tippet contributes excellent piano to this track, and, like Gordon Haskell, he too would be back for "Lizard"). Then comes "The Devil's Triangle," a classic Crimson freak-out instrumental, followed by the tranquil calm after the storm, "Peace: An End," to close out the album.Even though the first half of the album sounds like a duplicate of it's predecessor, "In The Wake Of Poseidon" is still, admittedly, powerful King Crimson. Robert Fripp is a rock guitar/mellotron genius, it's great to hear Greg Lake sing for Crimson one last time (and hear Gordon Haskell's debut), and the band's performances, including Peter Giles on bass, Michael Giles on drums, and Mel Collins on sax and flute, are outstanding. And in my book, that's good enough for me.     