 King Crimson's 1972 live album, "Earthbound," was the first ever live album from the band, documenting the one-time "Islands" line-up of Crimson (guitarist Robert Fripp, bassist/vocalist Boz Burrell, saxophonist Mel Collins, and drummer Ian Wallace) on their one-and-only tour. It had been out of print for many, many years on vinyl, and never released on CD until now.But "Earthbound" is a very notorious live Crimson album for one reason and one reason alone: it's sound quality is pretty shoddy (to say the least), as the live performances were simply recorded on cassette tape directly from the band's soundboard, making the possibility of a remix impossible. However, I think Crim-leader Robert Fripp has done the best remastering job that he could with this album, giving the sound, if nothing else, a good solid boost for the CD release. Is "Earthbound" a *great* live Crimson album? Sound wise, hell no. But *live performance* wise, I think it's darn good.   "Earthbound" is just five tracks long, but no matter. The "Islands" King Crimson deliver a barnburning version of the band's signature tune, "21st Century Schizoid Man," as well as tearing through two other Crimson classics, "A Sailors Tale" & "Groon," with great relish. And there are two totally rockin', improvised jazz-rock jams included here, "Peoria" & the title track, that are only available on this album and nowhere else, and I love 'em both---I've never heard Crimson sound this *funky* before! Even with muddy sound quality, "Earthbound" proves that this version of King Crimson definitely rocked. Robert Fripp is, quite naturally, an electric-guitar god, as he delivers some more of his trademark Frippwork on the frets, Boz Burrell rolls out some great bass riffs and vocals (including some really groovy scat-singing on both of the jazz-rock jams), Mel Collins' horn work (and mellotron work on "Sailors Tale") is excellent, and Ian Wallace's drumming is totally sharp & slamming throughout, like a knife cutting through butter.I'd truly rate "Earthbound" 3.5 out of 5 stars, so it gets 4 out of 5 stars from me on the average curve. If you can get past the sound quality issue, then "Earthbound" will be a fine King Crimson album to add to your collection. Thank you, Robert Fripp, for finally putting it out on CD. :-)     