 1980's "A" is a very controversial Jethro Tull album. It started out as a solo album for Tull leader Ian Anderson, who brought in ace keyboardist/violinist Eddie Jobson, drummer Mark Craney and bassist Dave Pegg to help him record it. But Anderson *also* brought in Tull guitarist Martin Barre to play on the album, which was to have a major impact on what would happen next. With his solo album finished, Anderson delivered it to the record company execs at Chrysalis Records. Upon hearing it, the Chrysalis bigwigs *strongly* advised Anderson to release the album under the Jethro Tull name. Before Anderson could make a proper decision about it, Chrysalis went ahead and announced to the press that "A" was the new Jethro Tull album, featuring a new lineup. Thus, Tull veterans Barriemore Barlow, John Evan, and David Palmer were no longer in the band. As Anderson says in the new liner notes, the trio were "understandably and rightfully p----d off."But what of the "A" album itself? Well, to be perfectly honest, "A" (for Anderson, in case you're curious) is my least favorite Jethro Tull album, but it certainly isn't bad. Half of the songs are quite strong: "Crossfire," "Flyingdale Flyer," "Black Sunday," "4.W.D. (Low Ratio)" and the brilliant "Working John Working Joe" (by far the album's best song) are all excellent Tull rockers. The rest of the songs on "A" are decent and listenable, but...well...they just lack something. They don't grab me. In other words, they kinda go in one ear and out the other. Still, at the end of the day, 5 great songs out of 10 ain't bad, and the band's performances are consistently good. "A" isn't a Tull masterpiece, but it's good enough. So, my rating for Jethro Tull's "A" album alone: 3 stars.  However....this new re-issue of "A" comes with a very special bonus treat: a DVD of Tull's 1980 concert & music video feature, "Slipstream"! Half of the DVD is Tull captured live in concert on their 1980 tour for "A," with Anderson & the gang in excellent form on such Tull favorites as "Songs From The Wood," "Heavy Horses," "Aqualung" and "Locomotive Breath," as well as songs from "A" like "Black Sunday." The other half contains some of Jethro Tull's very few forays into music video, including the hilarious clip for "Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll, Too Young To Die," "Sweet Dream" (featuring Anderson as a vampire!), and the simple-but-effective clip for "Dun Ringill." If you're a Tull fan, the "Slipstream" DVD is an absolute must-have. So, 3 stars for the "A" album, and a perfect 5 stars for the "Slipstream" DVD, giving the "A" CD/DVD deluxe package a final rating from yours truly of 4 stars. Granted, the "A" re-issue costs a little more thanks to the inclusion of the DVD, but it's definitely worth getting.        