 I'm a huge, HUGE fan of the Association, and I've already reviewed a few of the Association's other CD's, currently available only as Japanese imports. When closing my review of the band's "Waterbeds In Trinidad" CD, I said that it would be really, really great if some sort of box set or 2-CD anthology retrospective were put out, as I've always been disappointed that most Association fans could only buy the band's "Greatest Hits" CD at their local music stores. Facts are facts: The Association are a fabulous band, having created some of the greatest, most beautiful pop/rock music ever recorded, and yet, most fans only had total access to a mere 13 songs in the band's very impressive catalog of recorded work (seven studio albums worth, in fact, not to mention the "Goodbye Columbus" movie soundtrack, and a double live album). So, it's with great pleasure that I say a hearty THANK YOU to the folks at Warner Bros. & Rhino for this brand-new, 51-song Association anthology set, "Just The Right Sound." Spanning two discs, this set comprises not only the "Greatest Hits" material in it's entirety, with the usual suspects like "Windy," "Cherish," and "Never My Love," but various other amazing tracks from the band's studio albums, as well as rare singles, occasional solo material, and previously unreleased songs, t'boot. Overall, this is a very excellent collection that answers the prayers of many Association fans, myself included.First, the good news--along with all of the hits, "Just The Right Sound" happily contains many songs that I, personally, would've included had *I* had a hand in compiling this set. Disc 1 features their masterful cover of Bob Dylan's "One Too Many Mornings," and other excellent gems like "Standing Still," "Remember," "Pandora's Golden Heebie Jeebies," "Looking Glass," "On A Quiet Night," and "Happiness Is." Right on! Disc 2 features brilliant Association tunes like "Come On In," "Barefoot Gentleman," the breezy theme song to the film "Goodbye Columbus," FIVE songs from the band's self-titled 1969 masterpiece LP, including "Under Branches," "Yes I Will," and "Goodbye Forever," the lovely "Along The Way," and the fine Lovin' Spoonful remake, "Darling Be Home Soon." ALL fantastic songs, ALL greatly appreciated in their inclusion here. (Also, the tracks *sound* great, too, having been digitally remastered.)But there is a disappointment. Naturally, with any anthology set devoted to any one recording act, for every great song included, there's a great song left out. In the case of this Association retrospective, many of the band's greatest tunes are still not represented. My list is too long to mention entirely, but some of the tunes on my Association wish list include "Message Of Our Love," "Angeline," "Wasn't It A Bit like Now," "Rose Petals, Incense & A Kitten," "Toymaker," "So Kind To Me," "Love Affair," "Dubuque Blues," "Funny Kind Of Song," "It's Gotta Be Real," "Midnight Wind," & "Kicking The Gong Around." For these classic Association songs, you can only get them on Japanese import. But DO seek them out, 'cause the CD's these missing songs are contained on are all quite wonderful. Seriously, I don't think these guys *ever* recorded a bad song during their late 60's-early 70's heyday (although their "comeback" material from 1981, as sampled from this set, is certainly listenable, but doesn't quite have that good ol' Association magic of yor).In the meantime, "Just The Right Sound" will do very nicely, indeed. It's not a perfect collection, but all things considered, this is an excellent representation of why this Los Angeles-based group were--and are--so great. If you've been hungry for years for more Association material on CD, now, at last, you've got it. But DO check out those Association CD imports! They're worth every penny, just like this greatly-appreciated anthology set. :-)     