 Supertramp's 1985 album, "Brother Where You Bound," drove a big wedge deep into the group's fanbase, which was not too surprising, as this was the band's first album without singer/songwriter Roger Hodgson, leaving co-singer/songwriter Rick Davies solely at the helm. Some fans balked at the mere *idea* of Supertramp carrying on without Hodgson, while the more open-minded Tramp fans (like me) decided to give Davies & the rest of the group a chance. Let me put it to you this way: if you truly believe that Supertramp are nothing without Roger Hodgson---even though Davies DID write 50% of the band's Hodgson-era material---then there's no point in me recommending to you "Brother Where You Bound." But if you happen to know better, and you know that Rick Davies is just as great a musical genius as his former partner, then you're in for a real treat. Just six tracks long, "Brother Where You Bound" is a stunning album, one of Supertramp's very best. Davies, sax man John Halliwell, bassist Dougie Thomson, and drummer Bob Siebenberg take a bold, daring turn into full-on progressive jazz/rock (with Pink Floyd-like voices & sound effects thrown in for extra measure). The album contains longer songs and thrilling extended jams, allowing the group to really stretch out. Although Roger Hodgson is missed, what could have been a major problem for Davies & company was turned into a great musical opportunity. There's no need to worry: "Brother Where You Bound" is pure, powerful Supertramp from start to finish. The album speaks for itself.Obviously, with Hodgson's departure being a big hurdle for the band to jump over, Rick & the boys had something to prove, and they had to throw down the gauntlet right at the start of the album. What better song for Supertramp to kick off "Brother" with then the slammin', take-no-prisoners track, "Cannonball" (edited down to single length, it was the group's final Top 40 hit). A rough & tough 7 1/2 minute jazz-rocker about betrayal, Rick Davies & the band tear up the place with great relish. It's an instant Supertramp classic (and a great crowd-pleaser live in concert). After the dust settles, Davies reminds us of his affection for 50's flavored pop with the fun tune, "Still In Love." Then it's back into prog-jazz territory once more, with the atmospheric "No Inbetween" & "Better Days," both excellent songs. But without question, the album's centerpiece is the sprawling, 16 1/2 minute title suite, guest-starring none other than Pink Floyd's David Gilmour on lead guitar. This piece is simply a mindblower, THE most epic work in the band's catalog. Davies & company really take the listener on a great adventure with this one, and they play it to pure perfection, with guest-guitarist Gilmour serving up some very classy lead guitar licks along the way as only Gilmour can. Finally, there's the brief-but-beautiful coda, "Ever Open Door," featuring just Rick Davies, his piano & synths, ending the album on a very poignant note.The group's album sales may have gone down another notch with Hodgson's defection, but not the quality of their music. Supertramp is completely safe in the capable hands of Rick Davies & company, and "Brother Where You Bound" is the testament to that. Supertramp rides again! :-)     