 I don't know if The Association *intended* for 1972's "Waterbeds In Trinidad" to be their last album, but that is what it became. The band had switched labels for this album, jumping from Warner Brothers to CBS, so you'd think that the band looked upon "Waterbeds" as a brand new start for them. But it was not to be---it was the third studio album in a row the group had released that failed to sell well or give them any hit singles. But the final blow to the group was certainly the tragic drug-related death of longtime bassist Brian Cole shortly after the album's release. Not being able to recover from this terrible blow they'd been dealt, AND not being the big act that they once were in the late 60's, The Association officially called it a day in 1972. (However, there IS a touring version of the band today that still makes the live rounds---only Russ Giguere & Larry Ramos remain from the classic line-up.)But as "Waterbeds In Trinidad" proves, The Association made wonderfully melodious pop/rock right to the very end. For this album, the bulk of the group's songwriting contributions would come from the pen of Jules Alexander---"Midnight Wind," the rocker "Kicking The Gong Around," "Rainbows Bent," and the cheerful "Please Don't Go (Round The Bend)" are all irresistible tunes. Terry Kirkman contributes the lovely "Come The Fall," and Larry Ramos serves up the equally beautiful "Indian Wells Woman." The remaining four songs are from outside songwriters, but they're all great tunes that fit the band's harmonius sound perfectly: "Silent Song Thru The Land," written by a "R. Davies" (Ray Davies of The Kinks? Rick Davies of Supertramp? The album doesn't say), John Sebastian's "Darling Be Home Soon," Carole King's catchy "Snow Queen," and John Stewart's simple but sweet "Little Road And A Stone To Roll," sung by the late Brian Cole himself, fitfully closing out the album and bidding a fond farewell to this amazing group.Having now gotten all of The Association's albums on import CD, starting out with their "Greatest Hits" disc, I am delighted to tell you what I've discovered about this band: The Association are truly one of the greatest groups ever. From their debut album, "And Then Along Comes The Association," to their last, "Waterbeds In Trinidad," I've discovered a band whose masterful blend of pop/rock contains some of the most intelligently tuneful, gorgeous, melodious, catchy, harmonius, expertly arranged songs ever recorded. These guys' seamless singing voices are in a class all by themselves, their songwriting skills are grade-A stuff, their musical chops totally amazing. And yet, the world only seems to remember The Association for "Windy," which I think is totally unfair. "Windy" IS a classic song, but in no way is it the be-all and end-all of this amazing band. There oughta be a re-assessment of the band's work---a 2-CD anthology OR a complete Association box set would be perfect. In the meantime, DO check out The Association's other CD's besides the "Greatest Hits" collection. There are *many* musical treats that await you all throughout the band's catalog, right up through 1972's "Waterbeds In Trinidad." Long Live The Association. :-)     