 Any Yes purist who thinks the band lost it after 1977's "Going For The One" will be absolutely overjoyed with the band's latest release, "Magnification." This is easily the best Yes album in many, many years. Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of this veteran Englsh band, and I've enjoyed most of the band's later albums very much, including "Tormato," "90125" & "Open Your Eyes," all excellent albums in my opinion. But "Magnification"....WOW. Any Yes fan who overlooks this album is missing out big time on a truly special work.Jon Anderson, Chris Squire, Steve Howe & Alan White are without a keyboard wizard this time around, but, as evidenced on "Magnification," this has quite plainly given the band an excellent musical opportunity rather than a problem. Their solution: bring in a first-rate orchestra, expertly conducted & arranged by Larry Groupe. The orchestra compliments the band brilliantly, lifting the band's new material to dizzying heights, and strengthening the band's performance in the process. Jon Anderson's golden, angelic voice remains in pristine condition, Chris Squire delivers some of his best basslines in years, including, at long last, a marvelous lead vocal on "Can You Imagine." Steve Howe's exquisite guitar playing is brought to the forefront, while Alan White's expert drumming keeps the whole thing firmly anchored (Alan even displays a knack for piano-playing that I never knew he had before). The band's songwriting on "Magnification" is also their best in quite a while. The incredible title-track, the dreamy "Give Love Each Day," Squire's "Can You Imagine," "We Agree," and the instant-classic suite "In The Presence Of," to name but a few, show the Yes men thoroughly inspired from the first track to the last. And "Magnification" also *sounds* great. Co-produced by Yes & Tim Weidner, the album has a crisp, big production value to contain all the amazing Yes nuggets within.Still not convinced? Check this out: I have a friend named Dave who is one of those aforementioned Yes purists who thinks "Going For The One" was the last time Yes said anything important musically. I insisted to Dave that he give "Magnification" a listen, so I lent him the disc. His review of the album the next day: "Wow! This is the best Yes album that I've heard in a long, LONG time. I've definitely gotta get this one!" Nuff said. :-)     