 First of all, speaking as a diehard Dan fan, I would like to thank Walter Becker & Donald Fagen for not making us wait another 20 years for a new Steely Dan album! Since the release of their Grammy-winning comeback "Two Against Nature" in 2000, it has only been three years, and they flew by pretty quickly. Now the Dan have returned again with 2003's "Everything Must Go," and while it would be incorrect to say that this is the best album they've ever done, it certainly is a great one. Listening to this latest offering from the Dan men, I get the impression that Walt & Don decided not to take themselves too seriously on "Everything Must Go" and just have a good time, which may explain how they managed to make the album so quickly (well, going by Steely Dan's recording schedule these days). From the first song to the last, "Everything Must Go" is Steely Dan in pure party mode. Every song is an upbeat finger-snapper, with the atmosphere of fun very apparent throughout. The band takes us to the shopping mall on the opening "The Last Mall," looks back on the high points of a recently ended relationship on "Things I Miss The Most," takes us for an upbeat walk on "Blues Beach," and warns us of the coming of the "Godwhacker" (what's a Godwhacker, by the way? Nevermind, it's a cool tune---reminds me of "New Frontier" from Don's "Nightfly" solo album). Walter Becker *finally* delivers his long-overdue first lead vocal on a Dan album with the steady-groover "Slang Of Ages" (Walt has a gruffier sound to his singing voice, but it fits the laid-back nature of the song perfectly), then the band takes us on a spooky late night stroll through the "Green Book," tells the tale about a girl named "Pixeleen" (is Donald Fagen a total wordmaster, or what?), tells us of the horrors of having "Lunch With Gina" (she's one dangerous dame, dude), and finally, the Dan close up shop with the very cool, very breezy title track ('Cause we're goin' out of business/Everything must go). Walt & Don's songwriting, lyrical cleverness and musicianship remains as solid as ever, and although Don's singing voice sounds a *tad* thinner this time out, he still gets the job done. And, as they've done since 1975's "Katy Lied," Walt & Don are given excellent backing by only the best session players they can find, this time including drummer Keith Carlock, guitarists Jon Herington & Hugh McCracken, saxophonist Walt Weiskopf, and various background singers like Carolyn Leonhart and Catherine Russell.It's truly great to see Steely Dan making music again after so long. With two great albums already in the can since they returned to recording three years ago, Dan fans everywhere can certainly hope that there will be more to come from the great Walter Becker & Donald Fagen in the coming years. "Everything Must Go" is Steely Dan at their most fun. Welcome back again, gentlemen.     