 Message to James Swift: what planet were you on when you played this excellent album? Little of the freshness & exuberance of "Invisible Touch"? Flabby arrangements & lyrics? Get outta here! Having said that....1991's "We Can't Dance" is considered by many to be the last *real* Genesis album, as it's the last one with Phil Collins onboard (Tony Banks & Mike Rutherford DID carry on without Phil for one album, 1997's widely-ignored "Calling All Stations," now on it's way to cut-out bins everywhere, sadly). Not surprisingly, "We Can't Dance" was also the last commercially-successful album the band would release, hitting the shops just in the nick of time as Nirvana's landmark album, "Nevermind," was starting to change the face of rock in general, giving Genesis one last batch of hit singles & one last successful stadium tour just before their time in the sun ran out. "We Can't Dance" is a remarkable album---song for song, it is a stunning piece of work. With new producer Nick Davis replacing Hugh Padgham, Tony, Mike, and Phil eased off on the squeaky-clean, polished production of "Invisible Touch," and bring to this material a much more down-to-earth feel. The result is a Genesis album that's still radio-friendly, and yet, still has some nice touches of the band's early days throughout (certainly on the longer songs), and also has a great maturity and sensibility to it. Not that I don't like "Invisible Touch," because I DO, but after taking a four-year break following the tour for that hugely-successful album, Genesis, with new vitality, reconvened to make an album that walked the line between artistic vision & commercialism a bit better than it's predecessor. It's definitely an improvement.The songs are all first-rate and honest, with Tony, Mike, and Phil playing the material beautifully & expertly as only Genesis can, and with Phil once again delivering a vast array of excellent lead vocals (and thankfully, Phil is back to playing REAL drums again, instead of the synth-drum kit he used for most of "Invisible Touch"). Material ranges from child abuse ("No Son Of Mine") to the hardships of British railway workers ("Driving The Last Spike") to the tremendous guilt of a hit-and-run driver ("Dreaming While You Sleep"). "Jesus He Knows Me" is a spot-on look at phony TV evangelists, and "I Can't Dance" is a groovy, hilarious poke at models in jeans commercials. "Tell Me Why" & "Way Of The World" are both excellent commentaries on the state of the world, and "Since I Lost You" is a gorgeous, heartfelt number about losing someone, inspired by the tragic death of Eric Clapton's young son. The rest of the tunes, including the beautiful love song "Hold On My Heart," and the grand album-closing epic, "Fading Lights," including a fiery jam workout in the middle, are all equally powerful.After the disappointing reception of the follow-up album, "Calling All Stations," things have gone quiet in the Genesis camp. No, the band have NOT broken up as some have reported, they simply have no plans to do anything for the near future. I'll tell you something, though: even if Genesis never come back again, I take great comfort in the fact that these guys have had a great, GREAT run. So the last album didn't sell well---so what? Fifteen studio albums, five live albums, two box sets and a Greatest Hits album---that's a great catalog of work for a great band like Genesis to have, and a great catalog of albums for us, the fans, to enjoy. "We Can't Dance" is a marvelous reminder to me of a time when these guys were on top of the music world. It may represent the band's last real commercial triumph, but oh, what great memories. It's a fabulous, joyous album from my favorite band of all-time. :-)     