 The Golden Palominos are a New York-based studio group masterminded by ace drummer/producer Anton Fier. Fier remains the only consistent member of the Palominos from album to album (albeit with occasional holdover members), and he always has a continuing revolving door of musicians and singers to round out the Palominos line-up on each album. That way, the Palominos are never the same group twice, nor do they ever deliver the same album twice. With each new album, the Palominos have gone from avant-garde jazz-rock, to straight rock, to pop, to folk, to ambient, and, most recently, to spoken word (with "sound collage" accompanyment). No matter what the line-up or musical direction is on any given album, the Golden Palominos have delivered some of the most refreshing, exciting music ever committed to tape. And yet, it's absolutely astonishing that Anton Fier's unique studio project, despite major critical acclaim, has never risen past a cult following. The Golden Palominos are *still* the music business' best-kept secret group. The best shot the Palominos have had so far at achieving mainstream success was with 1994's "Pure," an astounding CD that is not only a work of genius, and the Palominos' best album, but is also far-and-away, hands-down the most *erotic* album ever recorded. With it's hypnotic tunes, sonic landscapes, beautifully lush production, and the sensual vocals of Lori Carson & Lydia Kavanaugh, "Pure" simply seduces you. FABULOUS musicianship is on display here: Anton Fier's slammin' drumbeats, Bill Laswell's ultra-fat & funky basslines, masterful fretboard work from Bootsy Collins, Knox Chandler & Nicky Skopelitus, atmospheric keyboard-playing from Amanda Kramer, and finally, the aforementioned lovely voices of Lori Carson & Lydia Kavanaugh. From the gorgeous acoustic opener "Little Suicides," to the phenomenally dreamy title track, to the memorable half-spoken, half-chanted finale "Touch You," this album is an exquisitely beautiful work of art. The "Pure" line-up of the Golden Palominos *almost* toured in support of this brilliant album. Alas, the tour was ultimately scrapped for financial reasons, which is not only a pity, it's a tragedy! I would've LOVED to have seen this version of the band live. What a fantastic show it would've been....oh well, there's always the album. From the very first time I ever heard "Pure" (while shopping in a music store, by the way), I knew that this was an album that was truly something special. That it failed to reach a mass audience is a total mockery of justice. EVERY home, in my opinion, should have a copy of "Pure" by The Golden Palominos. It's original, intelligent, meticulously produced, & seductive. Buy The Golden Palominos' "Pure" right now---it's the ultimate audio aphrodisiac!     