 Anybody who's ever criticized The Moody Blues for being too "fluffy" a rock band has obviously never heard this album. "To Our Children's Children's Children" is the Moody Blues' greatest achievement in their long, illustrious recording career, and it is also one of the greatest albums---rock OR otherwise---ever created by anyone. The band's music on "Children" is passionate, soulful, and spiritual, with fabulous songwriting, luscious production, beautiful vocals, memorable lyrics, and phenomenal playing by the band. THIS album truly is art-rock at it's most artful. What "Children" has in mighty abundance is *atmosphere*, and all five band members make wonderful, atmospheric songwriting contributions to the album. Want proof that the Moodies can rock with the best of them? Try Graeme Edge's supreme opener, "Higher & Higher," in which the band literally come CRASHING in through the speakers! The Moodies *totally* shred wallpaper on this thunderous gem (as they do with Edge's other powerful piece, the ominous "Beyond"). John Lodge's excellent "Eyes Of A Child" & "Candle Of Life" are both very lovely songs & certainly among his best. Ray Thomas contributes a pair of dreamy compositions too, the appropriately-titled "Floating" and the soaring "Eternity Road." Mellotron master Mike Pinder leaves a mighty impression with his perfect pair, "Out and In" & "Sun Is Still Shining." And finally, there's the one-and-only Justin Hayward: "Gypsy" is a passionate rocker, "I Never Thought I'd Live To Be A Hundred/Million" is simple but oh-so-sweet, and "Watching And Waiting," co-written with Thomas, is a truly haunting song, arguably Hayward's finest moment on record, and the perfect song to close this perfect album with.   The Moodies have always made great music and continue to do so to this day, but "To Our Children's Children's Children" stands as their greatest musical statement, an album with SO much power & emotion that it will leave you awestruck. The Moody Blues made their mark with "Days Of Future Passed," but with "To Our Children's Children's Children," they made their masterpiece.     