 In 1970, a young composer still in his 20's named Andrew Lloyd Webber, and his equally young lyricist partner, Tim Rice, had just had their first minor success with their first musical together, "Joseph & The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat," a pleasant-enough show that was originally written for and performed by children (but has long since expanded quite nicely into a family show performed by adults). For their second collaboration together, the duo decided to set their sights much higher and do something VERY bold & daring---a rock opera based upon the last week in the life of Jesus Christ, as seen through the eyes of Judas Iscariot, the Apostle who betrayed Christ. The duo would christen their show, "Jesus Christ Superstar." The concept was certainly a risky one---who, in 1970, would even *dare* to stage such a controversial piece of musical theater? Very aware of this, Lloyd Webber & Rice decided to head into the studio with professional singers & musicians and make an album out of "Superstar" first, and if the album was successful, THEN go ahead with the full-fledged staging of it. As it turned out, the original 1970 album of "Superstar" didn't sell diddly in the duo's homeland of Britain. But in America, it went through the roof, hitting #1 on the pop album charts, and paving the way for the hugely successful run of "Jesus Christ Superstar" on Broadway, sending the rock opera on the road to fame, fortune, and a 1973 feature film. Over 30 years later, "Superstar" still endures in popularity, and is still widely performed somewhere in the world to this day. And it all started here, with the original 1970 "Jesus Christ Superstar" concept album. Just WHAT, exactly, makes the original "Superstar" album---and "Superstar" in general---so good? First of all, the music. It's passionate, powerful, memorable, and it rocks. This is easily the best composing work of Lloyd Webber's long career. It's really too bad he doesn't write rock scores anymore, as I truly believe that that's what he's best at (his late 70's album, "Variations," is another great example). Secondly, the timeless story of Christ and Judas is told here in a truly unique way, anchored by Tim Rice's excellent lyrics. And third, the performances by the original cast and musicians are incredible. Ian Gillian's Jesus & Murray Head's Judas have great emotion to them, and Yvonne Elliman's Mary---including her classic rendition of "I Don't Know How To Love Him"---is quite lovely. Barry Dennen is a very strong presence as Pontius Pilate, as is Victor Brox as the deep-voiced Caiaphas, to name but a few of this stellar cast. The assembled musicians, too numerous to mention, play Lloyd Webber's score with tremendous fire & chemistry. Finally, there's Lloyd Webber & Rice's first-rate production work on the album itself. It's still the best-sounding recording of "Superstar" to date. Granted, "Jesus Christ Superstar" does have it's share of detractors. Back in 1970, the controversy surrounding the show was mostly about the show being "blasphemous" (which it isn't). These days, the non-believers mostly complain about the very *idea* of setting the Bible to rock music, as well as the charge that "Superstar" is a very dated musical, stuck in a 1970 hippie-era time warp. First of all, there's NOTHING wrong with telling Christ's story in a way that's different from the traditional method, and furthermore, many people, especially young people, got turned on to the life & teachings of Jesus *because* of "Jesus Christ Superstar." And as for the so-called "dated" music, obviously somebody likes it, as "Superstar" is still being performed 30 years later! Besides, what's wrong with music that has a 70's vibe to it? If it still appeals to people many years later, it's timeless. And the music in "Superstar" is absolutely timeless. The longlasting popularity of the show greatly attests to that. "Jesus Christ Superstar" may not be for everybody, but for the open-minded & the young at heart (like me), it's a masterwork, a classic rock opera that truly rocks, and will still be enjoyed by many people all over the world many years from now. Do pick up the original 1970 recording of "Superstar" and discover for yourself the power of this legendary musical.     