 In the world of singers, there are some singers who can do it all: sing, write, and play instruments. Then there are the singers who *strictly* sing, i.e. they don't write any of their own material, or play any instruments. They just sing, and that's it. You can just see them in the recording studio, and the producer says to him or her, "Just sing along to this pre-recorded track, baby, and we'll sell millions!" But I DO make exceptions for "strictly" singers who are unquestionably, without a doubt, 100% *phenomenal* at the microphone, whose passionate voices can instantly grab you & hold your attention, and who can make any song they sing completely their own. Frank Sinatra was such a singer. Tom Jones is such a singer. And, on the female side, German cabaret goddess Ute Lemper is such a singer. Ute Lemper is a magnificent, outstanding vocalist (AND stunningly gorgeous, which doesn't hurt either). Ute completely throws herself at the mike with tremendous passion, sensuality, and presence on every song she sings, quite often within the many characters of these songs. Ute Lemper doesn't just sing, she *performs*. If ever there was a woman who was born to sing, it's Ute Lemper. Her latest album, "But One Day," is quite possibly the best thing she's ever done. She serves up a marvelously sung collection of songs by Weill, Brel, Piazzolla, Heymann and Eisler, AND, in the nicest surprise of all, Lemper herself. She can now add "songwriter" to her list of talents, as she sings five songs of her own, a first for her. Ute's own compositions, including "I Surrender," and "Lena" (featuring Laurie Anderson), are excellent, emotional songs that perfectly showcase what she can do at the mike. And, as Lemper has proved many times before, she also knows how to wrap her silky voice around anything by the likes of Weill, Brel, or Piazzolla, like "Speak Low," "Buenos Aires," and "Amsterdam." The album's arrangements and production are both sparkly, and a perfect match for Lemper's commanding, sultry pipes. With her blossoming songwriting talent, "But One Day" shows tremendous growth for this already-established German diva. It's arguably her best album to date, and her most accessible. If you're interested in checking out the amazing Ute Lemper, this is a wonderful place to start.     