 I'm a huge fan of "Jesus Christ Superstar," and while I love the original 1970 album, the 1973 movie version/soundtrack album is equally just as powerful. While the 1970 version remains the best "Superstar" recording in several ways, certainly in regards to production and sound quality, the 1973 movie version tops the original recording in one respect at least: it's the only COMPLETE version of "Jesus Christ Superstar." The 1973 movie & it's accompanying soundtrack album present "Superstar" in a wonderfully expanded version that actually builds on the amazing accomplishment that composer Andrew Lloyd Webber & lyricist Tim Rice had already achieved with the landmark 1970 album.For the movie version of "Jesus Christ Superstar," Lloyd Webber & Rice had to write some extra material in order to beef up the film. The extra musical goodies they supplied include "Then We Are Decided," a great song that the high priests Caiaphas & Annas sing, in which they contemplate in private their plans against Jesus. This song is a great addition to the opera, as it delves a bit deeper into these two characters & their motives. That it's almost never performed in any stage production of "Superstar" these days is a very sad ommission. "Then We Are Decided," in my opinion, SHOULD be a part of all future "Superstar" recordings and performances. But for now, it's only available on the movie soundtrack.Other bonus material include an extra lyric for Jesus to sing in "Hosanna," the lovely Mary & Peter duet "Could We Start Again Please?" (which IS included in most of the recent "Superstar" productions, thankfully), and last but not least, a dramatic, extended version of the "Trial Before Pilate" that greatly improves on the shorter, original version. The original "Trial" is fine, but there's a LOT more conflict & drama between Pilate & the crowd in the extended "Trial," as Pilate is shown greatly wrestling with his own conscience over what his final decision on Jesus' fate should be. It's a very powerful moment, indeed. Once again, I'm glad that many productions of "Superstar" lately DO incorporate the extended version of the "Trial."You get a marvelous cast that includes brilliant vocal turns by Ted Neely, Carl Anderson, and Yvonne Elliman in their respective roles of Jesus, Judas, and Mary, and, of course, the classic music & lyrics by Lloyd Webber & Rice, performed here with great passion by the assembled musicians, almost just as good as on the original "Superstar" album. The sound quality, however, isn't all that spectacular---it sounds like everyone is singing through a telephone line! (Okay, I'm exaggerating a bit). But nonetheless, the performances are first-rate, and so is the music. In the end, this is an excellent version of this legendary rock opera, and it's the ONLY version of the musical that's 100% complete. Personally, I suggest buying BOTH the movie soundtrack of "Jesus Christ Superstar" and the original 1970 version, too. They compliment each other very well, and they're the only recordings of "Superstar" you'll ever need to own.     