 1976's "Tales Of Mystery & Imagination," a concept album based on the works of Edgar Allan Poe, is the album that started it all for the great studio group known as The Alan Parsons Project, and it arguably remains their best work (even Alan Parsons himself names it as his personal favorite Project album). "Tales" is a spellbinding prog-rock classic, filled to the brim with outstanding drama, moods, sounds & atmospheres, as well as tremendous musicianship, singing, songwriting, & production. Who'd expect anything less from a group led by the man who engineered the Pink Floyd classic, "Dark Side Of The Moon"?The opening instrumental, "A Dream Within A Dream," is an astonishing slice of dramatic progressive rock that instantly grabs you, and it sets up the rest of the album perfectly. "The Raven," "The Tell-Tale Heart" (featuring wonderfully insane vocals by Arthur Brown), "The Cask Of Amontillado," & the Project's first hit, "(The System Of) Doctor Tarr & Professor Fether," are all Project classics. Then comes the album's centerpiece, the sprawling, adventurous instrumental take on "The Fall Of The House Of Usher," complete with orchestra & sound effects. It's simply a mindblower. Finally, the album concludes with "To One In Paradise," a truly gorgeous song that leaves you breathless. This CD version of "Tales" is the 1987 remix version, in which Alan Parsons added some extra keyboard & guitar parts, as well as a pair of marvelous narration pieces by Orson Welles, in order to strengthen the album for it's 1987 CD release (not too unlike what George Lucas did to his "Star Wars" movies for their 1997 re-release). Although I have tremendous affection for the original mix of the album (only released on the Mobile Fidelity Gold CD version of "Tales"---good luck trying to find one), this 1987 remixed version has been done with a lot of great care, and Alan Parsons has definitely kept the beauty & integrity of the original album intact.The Alan Parsons Project have released so many terrific albums over the years: "I Robot," "Pyramid," "Eve," "The Turn Of A Friendly Card," "Eye In The Sky," just to name a few. They're ALL worth adding to your CD collection. But if I had to pick the Project's masterpiece, I'd have to go with this one. "Tales Of Mystery & Imagination" is a truly groundbreaking prog-rock classic. :-)     