 For a lot of fans, Yes truly began with 1971's "The Yes Album." While this is totally inaccurate (don't forget "Yes" & "Time And A Word" you guys), the band DID make it's first real splash in the world with this prog-rock beauty. With new guitarist Steve Howe (replacing Peter Banks), the band were in a real make-it-or-break-it situation. Their first pair of albums, terrific as they are, still didn't sell very well. So, for their third album, Jon Anderson & the boys had to come up with a commercial winner this time around, or they would've been dropped from their label. Thankfully, they came up with a beautiful, classic rock album that still sounds just as fresh today as it did 30 years ago, and the record buyers responded in droves. With "The Yes Album," Yes were finally on their way.Anchored by Chris Squire's amazing basslines, Yes are in peak performance here. "Yours Is No Disgrace" kicks it all off with a bang (and a riff that, according to drummer Bill Bruford, the band lifted from the TV show "Bonanza"!). After the galloping wonder of this song, Steve Howe comes in with his upbeat acoustic showcase, "Clap," which has since become Steve's signature piece. "Starship Trooper" is another winner, with one of the most rousing rock instrumental finales ever recorded. "I've Seen All Good People" is a lovely sing-along piece, and yet another Yes signature. Next up is "A Venture," easily the least-mentioned song on this album, and yet I don't know why, 'cause it's a truly great tune---featuring Tony Kaye's thumping piano, Jon Anderson's amazing vocal delivery and some fine drumming from Bill Bruford, "A Venture" is a true buried treasure. Finally there's "Perpetual Change," an amazing album closer that sees the band floating off into the aural heavens in great style.There's not a bad track anywhere, and the band's musical chemistry, captured in all it's glory by producer Eddie Offord, is supreme. "The Yes Album" paved the way for the later Yes classics "Fragile" and "Close To The Edge," and is arguably the band's finest work. Yes, poised for the big time in 1971, had creativity coming out of their ears at this point in time, and "The Yes Album" wonderfully captures this great moment in the band's history for all to hear. Buy, listen, and enjoy Yes at their very best.     