 Everybody knows about the Moody Blues of "Nights In White Satin" fame, but what about the *original* R&B Moody Blues who had one lone hit in 1965 with "Go Now" and featured Denny Laine on guitar & vocals and Clint Warwick on bass, back when "Days Of Future Passed" wasn't even a blip on the band members' minds? "The Magnificent Moodies" represents the entire recorded output of the first Moody Blues group on a single CD, comprising the "Magnificent Moodies" album itself and a whole plethora of British singles, all recorded between 1964 and 1967, back in the days when the Moodies were a rhythm & blues combo. Along with Laine & Warwick are three men who would make the transistion to the famous, prog-rock Moody Blues group: keyboardist Mike Pinder (strictly on piano here, no mellotron yet!), flautist/vocalist Ray Thomas and drummer Graeme Edge, and the band's material comprises of half original songs and half covers. What I love about the first incarnation of the Moody Blues is that their music is fun, fun, fun, and the band's musical chemistry is outstanding. Denny Laine is a great, soulful singer & guitarist, while Clint Warwick is a fine bassist. As for the trio more well-known to Moody Blues fans, they shine on this material, too. Mike Pinder's piano-playing is simply fantastic, Ray Thomas' voice (mostly on backing vocals) is beautifully rich, his flute-playing & tambourine-smacking wonderful, and, of course, Graeme Edge's drumming is excellent. In short, these guys sound GREAT together.And the songs? There's a big 25 of them on this disc, so I'll just name a few favorites: the group's classic lone hit, the jaunty "Go Now" (a British #1 and US #10), pretty much sums up in one song what the original Moodies were like. If you like what you hear in "Go Now," then I know you'll like the rest of their stuff. And I LOVE "Go Now." I also love such catchy nuggets as "I Go Crazy," "Something You Got," "It's Easy Child" (great piano solo from Pinder on this one), "Steal Your Heart Away," "This Is My House (But Nobody Calls)," and the R&B rave-up "Bye Bye Bird." Ray Thomas gets a marvelous debut lead vocal on "It Ain't Necessarily So," and the final song, "Boulevard De La Madelaine," a Pinder/Laine original, is a beautiful number. Heck, I dig the whole CD---I'd spotlight for you every single song on it if I had the space.Alas, the Moody Blues Mach 1 were never able to replicate the chart success of "Go Now," and both Denny Laine & Clint Warwick would bail out of the band soon after (I don't know what became of Warwick, but Laine would later play guitar with Paul McCartney in Wings). As for Pinder, Thomas and Edge, they would recruit Justin Hayward on guitar & vocals and John Lodge on bass, and carry on as an R&B group for a few more months before deciding that the band needed to change musical direction completely. And the rest, as they say, is history! But it all started here with these early recordings. To sum up: if you're a fan of the prog-rock Moody Blues but you *don't* like mid-60's British R&B, then perhaps this CD is not for you. But on the other hand, if you're a more open-minded (and open-eared) Moodies fan and you'd like to hear the very beginnings of the band (as well as the earliest music with Mike, Ray, and Graeme), then you're definitely in for a treat with "The Magnificent Moodies." The first incarnation of the Moody Blues were and ARE magnificent, as this collection proves. Long live the magnificent, original Moody Blues! You guys have not been forgotten.      