 Having started out in 1965 as a rhythm & blues combo, and having scored one hit single, "Go Now," the Moody Blues suddenly found their initial fame on the wane. Their second album, "The Magnificent Moodies," sold poorly & yielded no hits. Singer/guitarist Denny Laine (later to join Paul McCartney in Wings) & bassist Clint Warwick saw the writing on the wall and left the band. But the remaining members, vocalist/flautist Ray Thomas, keyboardist Mike Pinder & drummer Graeme Edge weren't ready to close shop on the band just yet. They recruited new singer/guitarist Justin Hayward and singer/bassist John Lodge, and the decision was made for the band to change musical direction. Impressed by the band's new demos, their record label, Decca, asked the Moodies to record a demonstration album of the label's new Deramic Sound System, which would splice together the Moodies' new songs with Dvorak's "New World Symphony" performed by an orchestra. But the Moodies had other ideas---and a brand-new, vital instrument called the mellotron that Pinder would expertly incorporate---and, with conductor Peter Knight leading the London Festival Orchestra & scoring the orchestral bridges between the band's songs, the Dvorak recording was scrapped altogether, and the Moody Blues delivered "Days Of Future Passed" instead.This classic 1967 album is an undisputed landmark, both for the Moody Blues AND for rock music in general. One of the very first recorded marriages between rock & classical (along with Procol Harum's "A Whiter Shade Of Pale" and some parts of the Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper"), "Days Of Future Passed" helped open the gates for the progressive-rock movement that would soon follow, and it also was one of rock's very first "concept" albums. Though certainly not telling a story, per se, the Moodies chose a simple but very effective theme for the album: the passing of a day, with each song representing each portion of the day, from dawn ("Dawn Is A Feeling"), to noon ("Peak Hour"), to night (the immortal classic "Nights In White Satin"). The Moodies' work on this album is simply astonishing: the harmonies, the writing & arrangements, the band's superb playing & singing, Graeme Edge's exquisite poetry at the beginning and end of the disc, Peter Knight's lovely orchestral flourishes that compliment the band's compositions so well, and just the sheer *beauty* of the music as a whole. It's "classical rock" of the highest order, often imitated by others (Deep Purple, The Nice, Rick Wakeman, etc.), but never duplicated in quality. In between the beautiful orchestrations by Peter Knight, the Moodies contribute one gorgeous song after another: Pinder's masterful "Dawn Is A Feeling" (mostly sung by Justin, with Mike singing the bridge), Ray's bouncy "Another Morning," John's rollicking "Peak Hour," Justin's whimsical classic "Tuesday Afternoon" (still performed in concert to this day), John's lovely "(Evening) Time To Get Away," Pinder's Arabic-tinged "The Sunset," Thomas' harmonic "Twilight Time," and finally, the immortal, absolutely timeless grand finale, Justin's legendary "Nights In White Satin," the Moodies' signature song, permanent concert staple, and one of the most treasured (and covered) ballads in all of rock. From the first orchestral fade-in, to the classic final crashing of the gong (delivered by Mike Pinder himself), "Days Of Future Passed" is a Moody Blues masterwork, a timeless disc, and is a 100% must-own album for your collection.     