 With 1969's "Tommy," The Who invented the rock opera. And in 1973, the band delivered their *second* rock opera, "Quadrophenia," telling the story of a yound Mod teen named Jimmy. He pops too many pills, has too many run-ins with the law, his parents kick him out of the house, and the girl he loves rejects him. In other words, he's a pretty messed-up kid. With all songs written by guitarist Pete Townshend, "Quadrophenia" is simply a mindblower, with The Who telling Jimmy's story with tremendous passion and intensity. The songs are stunning, the band's performances are phenomenal, and the production work is fabulous. Nothing but incredible, emotionally-charged rockers from start to finish, such as the angry "The Real Me" and "I've Had Enough," the beauty & introspection of "Cut My Hair" and "I'm One" (with very heartfelt vocals by Townshend), the exuberant "5:15" (with great french horn decorations by bassist John Entwistle), the fun & humor of "Bell Boy" (featuring guest vocals by the band's resident clown, drummer Keith Moon), and, for the knockout finale, the supremely passionate "Love Reign O'er Me," featuring one of lead vocalist Roger Daltrey's greatest performances at the mike. As is usually the case with concept albums, the ending of the story is a bit unclear. Just what exactly happens to Jimmy at the end, after he loudly proclaims "LOVE!" as the rain falls down on him on that deserted rock? I'm not sure. Not even Pete Townshend's story on the inside of the album (though very well written), nor the beautifully-shot black & white photo book also included on the inside seem to answer this question (nor does the movie version, for that matter). I guess it's simply another one of those "figure it out for yourself" kind of concept-album endings. So be it. But what's really important, of course, is the music, and "Quadrophenia" is simply sensational. Fantastic songwriting by Townshend, and equally fantastic performances by Townshend, Daltrey, Entwistle & Moon make "Quadrophenia" one of The Who's very best releases. Thumbs up all the way on this very special Who classic.                  