 1977's "The Missing Piece" is a controversial Gentle Giant album, as it witnessed this progressive rock band simplify their intricate music into more straightforward, accessible-sounding rock. The band have said that the late-70's punk movement played a major role in this, as it rendered the band's complex art-rock of the past unfashionable, and they thought it best to change musical direction a bit and deliver some music that was more easily digestible to the masses. Hence, the radio-friendly material of "The Missing Piece." Upon hearing it for the first time, some GG fans went into shock, accusing the band of selling out. But take it from me, the criticisms of the album are absolute rubbish. I love "The Missing Piece," and I'd easily place it somewhere in the band's Top Five best works. What it all boils down to is the quality of the songs & performances, and Gentle Giant sound *terrific* on this disc. I thoroughly enjoy the band's music of the past (my personal faves include "Three Friends" and "The Power And The Glory"), but I like the fact that the band loosened up on "The Missing Piece." There's definitely a renewed vigor & energy radiating from the band on this release, and for once, they're not taking themselves too seriously. They sound like they're having a really good time on "The Missing Piece," and what's wrong with that? And the absolute bottom line is, every single song on this album is great. The bouncy "Two Weeks In Spain" is a great tune. "I'm Turning Around" is a very strong power number. "Betcha Thought We Couldn't Do It," "Who Do You Think You Are?," and "Mountain Time" are all freewheeling, fun rockers. "As Old As You're Young" succeeds in capturing the "Ol' English" feel of earlier Gentle Giant, yet still manages to be a catchy song. "Memories Of Old Days" is an absolutely beautiful number, the album's secret weapon, and one of Gentle Giant's very best songs. And the concluding pair of "Winning" and "For Nobody" are both very strong. "The Missing Piece" is the Gentle Giant album that anyone can like, even that girlfriend or grandmother of yours who you never thought could ever warm up to the band's complex albums of the past. But you can definitely play this one for them. As far as I'm concerned, "The Missing Piece" IS a Gentle Giant classic.          