 U2 have always been a strong, passionate band with a lot of strong, passionate songs, and they certainly contributed to the soundtrack of my youth, especially junior high & high school. But despite such great songs as "New Year's Day," "Sunday Bloody Sunday," "Pride (In The Name Of Love)," "With Or Without You," and all the rest, I just hadn't liked them *enough* to wanna buy their albums. Maybe it's because Bono & the boys have a tendency to wear their political opinions on their sleeves, which I've always found to be a slight turn-off. Nonetheless, I can listen to their stuff on the radio just fine, and it's very cool that they're still rocking 25 years after they first started.However, one of my few forays into buying U2's music is this outstanding album from 1993, "Zooropa." Although I do acknowledge the great songs that are on other U2 discs like "Boy," "War," "The Joshua Tree" and all the others, "Zooropa" was the first U2 album to blow me away so completely that I simply HAD to go out and buy it. Recorded inbetween tours, with no real intention of making an actual album, U2 went into the studio with industrial producer Flood and avant-garde keyboard wiz Brian Eno to work on some experimental tracks. The sessions went so well in fact, that a mere two months later, the band had completed a bold, daring, brand-new album unlike anything else they had ever done before, both musically and production-wise. "Zooropa," in my opinion, is the most exciting, adventurous album U2 have ever done (with "Pop" a close second, though that's another review). The band practically re-write their sound with this one, serving up a platter that mixes the group's rock sensibilities with techno, industrial, and even art rock. And it works magnificently. I love all of these songs, from the space rock of the title track to the experimental "Numb" (with guitarist The Edge taking the mike in a monotone vocal performance that fits perfectly with the song's vibe), from the giddiness of "Lemon" to the beauty of "Stay (Far Away So Close)," from the industrial toughness of "Daddy's Gonna Pay For Your Crashed Car" to the perfect pop-rock of "Some Days Are Better Than Others." And, for the big finish, lead singer Bono steps aside to let country legend Johnny Cash sing the final song, "The Wanderer," before the album finally gives way to siren sound effects & stops. Now how cool is that? WAY cool.I guess I'm what you'd call a "twisted" U2 admirer, as my two favorite U2 albums---"Zooropa" and "Pop"---are the two albums that most fans say they like the least. Well, luckily for them, U2 went back to their "classic" sound with 2000's "All That You Can't Leave Behind." I joke to my friends that maybe when Bono & company recorded "Zooropa," they thought to themselves, "Let's make a U2 album that Alan will like." And I do like "Zooropa." A whole lot.          