 The Doors' sixth studio album, "L.A. Woman," wasn't supposed to be their grand finale. But with the untimely death of frontman Jim Morrison from heart failure in July 1971, such it became. But it is a magnificent album. The Doors got tougher on this one, mixing rock with blues and Morrison's powerful, distinctive voice & words to absolute perfection. The band sound totally rejuvenated on "L.A. Woman," their musical chemistry right on target. Great rockin' tunes abound, such as the classics "Love Her Madly" and the rollicking title song, as well as "The Changeling." Great, dirty blues numbers include "Been Down So Long," "Cars Hiss By My Window" and "Crawling King Snake." "Hyacinth House" is a beautiful song, and "The WASP (Texas Radio And The Big Beat)" allows Morrison a memorable beat-poet moment. But the band save the best number for last: the fantastic, atmospheric groover "Riders On The Storm." With thunderstorm sound effects accompanying them, Morrison & the boys literally jam into the heavens for seven glorious minutes. It's my personal favorite Doors song of all---what a brilliant exit for this legendary band.After Morrison's passing, the surviving Doors---guitarist Robbie Krieger, keyboardist Ray Manzarek and drummer John Densmore---carried on as a trio for two more albums, "Other Voices" and "Full Circle." It appears they now regard these two albums as a mistake, as they're both long out-of-print, and will probably remain so. These days, there is a current touring version of the Doors featuring Krieger and Manzarek (with the Cult's Ian Astbury on lead vocals), which I totally support, but there's no denying that the biggest chapter in the band's career came to an untimely close with "L.A. Woman." Still, Jim Morrison and the Doors have left an everlasting mark in the history of rock, with six classic studio albums and many great live recordings. And "L.A. Woman" forever remains an outstanding final musical statement. It's an absolutely essential Doors album.                         