 Phil Collins names his 1993 solo album, "Both Sides," as his personal favorite. It's not difficult to hear why---"Both Sides" is far and away Phil's most introspective album. He produced it himself, recording it all at his home studio, and he plays all of the instruments himself, including guitar and bass. For Phil, according to his sleeve notes, this is the most enjoyable album he's ever made. For the listener, "Both Sides" is a marvelous disc, with Phil showing a side to himself not quite heard on any of his other albums (as great as they are). Not only is Phil's songwriting and playing of all the instruments incredible, but "Both Sides" arguably contains the best, most heartfelt singing Phil has ever done on any of his solo albums. It's as if Phil is just singing to YOU and only YOU, in an intimate, one-on-one session between artist and listener. Granted, "Both Sides" is one of Phil's lesser-known albums, as it was his first solo album to miss the Billboard Top 10 (I suppose Nirvana had already begun their work in changing the rock music biz at this point), but don't let that stop you from embracing this great buried treasure from Phil.Admittedly, there are no real "rockers" on "Both Sides." Most of the tracks are soft or mid-tempo, but make no mistake, these are all very rich tunes. Phil does turn up the volume somewhat on his observational hit "Both Sides Of The Story," "Survivors," and "We Wait And We Wonder," his powerful drumming driving these excellent songs. Other great moments include the lovely Top 40 hit "Everyday," the banjo-esque "We're Sons Of Our Fathers," the moody "Can't Find My Way," and my personal favorite track, the stunning "We Fly So Close," a gorgeous, atmospheric song, including some fine acoustic guitar and passionate singing from Phil. But all the way around, this is a very beautiful album. "Both Sides" is without question a creative highlight in the career of this multi-talented man, and an outstanding album that no Phil Collins fan should do without.     