 At the time I'm writing this review, it's been 8 years since Pink Floyd last did an album. This album, actually---1994's "The Division Bell." And now I've just read a recent Reuters article on Pink Floyd guitarist/leader David Gilmour, who says that he's still "not thinking" about Pink Floyd right now, and that it's quite possible the band will not return again. "But," says Dave, "we'll have to see." Thanks, Dave, for caring so much about your fans...(*rolls eyes*)...Okay, enough bitching. Even though Roger Waters is greatly missed, "The Division Bell," while not scaling the heights of classic Pink Floyd albums like "Dark Side Of The Moon," "Animals," or "The Wall," is a fine Floyd album in it's own right. It's a good improvement over 1987's "A Momentary Lapse Of Reason," which suffered somewhat from a late-80's polished production, too many session players, and very few contributions from keyboardist Richard Wright & drummer Nick Mason. With "The Division Bell," both Wright & Mason are prominently back behind their instruments where they belong, and the album certainly *sounds* much more like a Pink Floyd recording than it's predecessor. The songs are better, too. The rockers "What Do You Want From Me" & "Keep Talking" smack of classic Floyd, and the instrumentals "Cluster One" and the Grammy-winning "Marooned" are simply dreamy. The band also loosen up quite refreshingly on radio-friendly tunes like "Take It Back" and "Coming Back To Life," two songs that might have left some Floyd purists aghast, but I enjoy them. "Lost For Words" is an obvious look at the Gilmour vs Waters feud (which still continues to this day), while "Wearing The Inside Out" marks the wonderful return of Richard Wright to the microphone, his first lead vocal on a Floyd album since "Dark Side Of The Moon." Finally, "High Hopes" ends the album on a haunting, Floydian note. Although still using the services of session players, Gilmour, Mason & Wright are all up front in the mix, playing together with great Floydian style. Gilmour's lead-guitar work still rocks, Wright's keyboard-playing is terrific, and Mason, though drumming a bit slower this time out, still keeps the beat strong & steady. And Gilmour's voice still sounds quite good as well, whether he's singing smoothly on the softer numbers, or belting out the rockers.So, IS "The Division Bell" the final chapter for Pink Floyd? The way David Gilmour talks about the band these days, it could very well be. If so, then Pink Floyd have exited on a very good note, I think. "The Division Bell" is a very strong Floyd album, and much better than those pesky rock critics would have you believe. But one TRULY wishes that Gilmour & company would have the guts to make a 3rd post-Waters Pink Floyd album, rather than calling it a night after only two. But, like you say, Dave, we'll just have to see.     