 "Foxtrot" is my personal favorite Genesis album from the Peter Gabriel era, with the other albums from "Trespass" to "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" all tying for second, and "From Genesis To Revelation" third (but in good company). What can I say about "Foxtrot"---it's got "Supper's Ready" on it, the epic masterwork about the battle between good & evil, that is not only Genesis' magnum opus, but is also arguably the very best of the 20-minute-plus epics ever recorded by a rock band, with mood, feeling, tight musicianship, fascinating lyrics, and the commanding voice of Peter Gabriel all combining to transport you to prog rock Heaven! I could probably end my review right there, but I'll give you a little more insight.... The rest of "Foxtrot" is just as powerful as "Supper's Ready," as the classic line-up of Gabriel, Tony Banks, Mike Rutherford, Phil Collins & Steve Hackett tackle their second album together with great musical guts. The chord changes & arrangements are complex, but what are you expecting from these guys, dance music? Early Genesis albums, especially, are meant to be sat down and *listened* to, and "Foxtrot" is no exception. It's rock music for the mind as well as the ears! The majestic "Watcher Of The Skies" kicks everything off in a big way, as Tony Banks' mellotron intro sounds like a spaceship coming in to land (it's not surprising, then, that the song is about an alien's observation of Earth). It's a classic. "Time Table" is a lovely tune about glorious times gone by that I've always thought could've been a hit song for Genesis. "Get 'Em Out By Friday" is a great mini-opera about suburban life, with Gabriel gleefully embodying all of the characters, and "Can Utility And The Coastliners" is another magnificent, sweeping tale, played with ferocious thunder by the band, and one of my personal favorites from the album. Steve Hackett's gorgeous acoustic guitar piece, "Horizons," is now regarded as one of his signature compositions, and rightfully so. And finally, there's The Big One, the legendary "Supper's Ready"....simply delicious.A person interested in checking out the Peter Gabriel era of Genesis can't go wrong starting with any of the albums from "Trespass" to "The Lamb" (I like their first album, "From Genesis To Revelation" just fine, but it's so different from anything else they've done, I wouldn't recommend it just yet to a newcomer to the band). But "Foxtrot" is arguably the best place to start. It signifies a creative peak in Genesis' career, and, starring the one-and-only "Supper's Ready," it will give you a classic slice of Gabriel-era Genesis, back when Gabriel's flower costumes and alien make-up were all the rage. Buy it! :-)     