 Peter Gabriel's 3rd self-titled solo album from 1980, aka "PG3" or "Melting Face" (see cover art), finds Gabriel taking a walk on the darker side. It's an album with a more sinister, ominous feel to many of it's songs, and the results are simply unforgettable. This is a watershed work for the former Genesis singer, which foreshadows Gabriel's world music flavored albums that would follow. "PG3" still stands today as one of his best efforts (many fans name "PG3" as their favorite Gabriel album, and why not?). The dark opening track, the self-explanatory "Intruder," sets up the album perfectly, with eerie thud-drumming from Gabriel's old friend Phil Collins, equally-eerie piano plucking by Gabriel himself, and the sound of wires being pulled and cut. "No Self Control" is another striking shade of black, perfectly conveying the helplessness of the song's character. After the sax solo "Start" comes the fabulous rocker "I Don't Remember," arguably Gabriel's best song ever. It's a ferocious tune that lingers in the head long after the concluding guitar feedback fades off into the distance. "Family Snapshot" tells the powerful tale of a sniper, whose surprising motives are revealed at the song's end. Brilliant songs continue in the second half, including the memorable "Lead A Normal Life," a haunting tune about isolation, and the Gabriel staple "Biko," about murdered South African leader Steven Biko, which closes the album. Once again, Gabriel's singing, songwriting and musicianship can't be beat, and his cast of supporting players, including Collins, guitarists Robert Fripp & David Rhodes, bassist Tony Levin, drummer Jerry Marotta & singer Kate Bush brilliantly help Gabriel bring this extraordinary material to life.How hilarious then, that Peter Gabriel's original record label, Atlantic, actually dropped him from the label because, shockingly, they hated "PG3," considering the album not only uncommercial, but bad! Thankfully, Gabriel stuck to his guns about the album, refusing to change a single note of it, and took it to Geffen Records instead, which became his new label. "PG3" was released to unanimous critical acclaim, and, as Peter Gabriel proudly says, Atlantic's regretted it ever since. Way to go, Pete. :-)     