 Stop the presses---I have just heard a new musical masterpiece. In fact, I'm gonna go even further---"Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots" by The Flaming Lips is one of the greatest albums EVER! I am serious. I discovered this musical gem while shopping in a music store recently, where it was playing on the overhead speakers, and I totally fell in love with it right from the word go. I bought it then and there, and have been playing it constantly ever since. I must confess, I never gave The Flaming Lips that much attention over the years, though I recall hearing their radio hit, "She Don't Use Jelly" back in the early 90's. But thanks to "Yoshimi," I'm *definitely* gonna check out their other albums. I've heard that the Lips re-invent themselves with every new album, so I don't expect their other works to sound anything like "Yoshimi," but I'm ready for the challenge of their back catalog anyway. These guys are friggin' phenomenal! How to describe "Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots"? I'd describe it as a cross between The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper" and Pink Floyd's "Dark Side Of The Moon" (and you know how classic those albums are), with a spoonful of Radiohead, a dash of The Alan Parsons Project, and a pinch of Genesis (circa 1976) tossed in for extra measure. Flaming Lips leader Wayne Coyne has said recently in interviews that "Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots" isn't really a concept album. Well, to my ears, he's only half right. The winning tale of Yoshimi and those darned pink robots only appears in the two-part title song and nowhere else, BUT I can definitely hear a theme of sorts when I listen to this album. The theme appears to be about life & observations in an advanced, technological world of the future. Song subjects range through war ("Fight Test"), robots who are programmed to love, ala "A.I." ("One More Robot/Sympathy 3000-21"), a sing-along tune about robots of destruction & the spritely karate girl who goes up against them (the supremely appealing title track & it's delirious instrumental finale), unrequitted love ("Ego Tripping At The Gates Of Hell"), mortality ("Do You Realise?"), and living in the moment ("All We Have Is Now"). And there's also a glorious instrumental ride into the heavens to finish off the album in soaring, appropriate fashion ("Approaching Pavonis Mons By Balloon"). "Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots" transports you to another world, it's spellbinding music & sounds enthrall, entertain, excite, and intoxicate. I haven't heard musical soundscapes THIS dreamy in many a year. In fact, I can totally see a Laserium show done to this album, I'm not kidding! Wayne Coyne is, without question, a musical genius. His singing is excellent, his composing is superb, his lyrics & wordplay are right on target, and his solid playing, as well as that of Lips co-horts Steven Drozd & Michael Ivins, is outstanding. Even the album's cover art is guaranteed to make you smile. From end to end, "Yoshimi" is a complete package. Against all of the odds, against all of the garbage that's currently out there in musicland right now (with few exceptions), The Flaming Lips have concocted one of those very rare "every home should have one" albums, a true home run platter of music where every single song is a winner, every single note played, sung, and arranged is 100% perfect. Since I don't know to what extent radio and/or MTV are going to help The Flaming Lips in the promoting of this fabulous album, I say it's entirely up to us. BUY THIS ALBUM. TELL TWO FRIENDS ABOUT IT. SPREAD THE WORD. Let's get "Yoshimi" up the charts and into people's homes where it belongs. No doubt about it in my mind, The Flaming Lips' "Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots" is THE album to beat in 2002. :-)     