 The Who's third album, 1967's "The Who Sell Out," was the band's very first concept album, the theme for the record being a pirate radio station that plays nothing but Who songs, complete with radio jingles & commercials (some genuine, some created by the band) sprinkled inbetween the tunes. It's a brilliant, fabulously inventive, totally *psychedelic* Who album, and one of the band's all-time greats. The festivities kick off with a "Monday Thru Sunday" jingle, and then the band charge in with the far-out gem, "Armenia City In The Sky," penned by guitarist Pete Townshend's chum John Keene, featuring elongated horns, psychedelic guitars, and a studio-tweaked vocal from Roger Daltrey. Pete Townshend's songwriting contributions to "Sell Out" are all gems, too, every single one of them: "Mary Anne With The Shaky Hand," the hilarious "Odorono," the coming-of-age tale "Tattoo," the lovely "Our Love Was," the legendary, explosive rocker "I Can See For Miles" (the Who's only US Top Ten hit), "I Can't Reach You," "Relax," "Sunrise," and the mini-opera "Rael" (with it's instrumental bridge later resurrected as the "Underture" from "Tommy"), while bassist John Entwistle delivers the hilarious jingles for "Heinz Baked Beans" & "Medac," as well as the macbre-ish tune, "Silas Stingy."But this remastered, expanded edition of "Sell Out" doesn't stop there: there's a whopping TEN bonus tracks of extra Who goodies recorded around the same time as the album. From Townshend's songwriting pen, there's the extended finale for "Rael," "Glittering Girl," the outstanding rocker "Melancholia," the slick rock of "Jaguar," an alternate version of "Mary Anne With The Shaky Hand," and the brilliant finale, "Glow Girl," which, like "Rael," was later raided & revised by Townshend for the "Tommy" album ("It's a girl, Mrs. Walker, it's a girl"). Also featured is Entwistle's "Someone's Coming," drummer Keith Moon's charming little ditty, "Girl's Eyes," and the fine popper "Early Morning Cold Taxi" (for which Daltrey received a rare co-writing credit). There's even a fabulous, barnburning, King Crimson-like rock arrangement of Greig's "The Hall Of The Mountain King," plus more jingles. The musical chemistry of Daltrey, Townshend, Entwistle and Moon is nothing short of superb, and the remastered sound is simply incredible."The Who Sell Out" was a natural lead-in for "Tommy," as the album expanded Pete Townshend's interest in writing conceptual music. But it's also a mindblowing Who album all on it's own, one of the group's very best releases. So crank up "The Who Sell Out," and enjoy rocking out with the Who's marvelous psychedelic radio show.     