 If you love J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-Earth saga of "The Hobbit" & "The Lord Of The Rings," then you absolutely MUST read "The Silmarillion." This book is the Middle-Earth bible, telling the stories of the First Age of Tolkien's mystical land, including the history of the Elves, long before Bilbo, Frodo, Gandalf & company came along at the end of the Third Age. "The Silmarillion" tells of the creation of the world, followed by the story of the Silmarills, three magic jewels of power that are stolen by the evil lord Morgoth, who was Sauron's predecessor and master, and the attempts by the Elves (and certain Men) to retrieve them. This is then briefly followed by a plot synopsis for "The Lord Of The Rings," so "The Silmarillion" really does contain all of Middle-Earth's history in a single volume. Also, quite happily, three characters from "The Lord Of The Rings" play major roles here: the evil Sauron, and the high-esteemed Elves Elrond and Galadriel, and it's quite fascinating to read how they all got their starts. Written off & on during his lifetime, but left unedited into a final form at the time of his death, Tolkien's son Christopher bravely took up the task of editing his father's unpublished work into a finished book, and he did an excellent job. Admittedly, "The Silmarillion" is a very challenging read---no Hobbits anywhere, and LOTS of names of people & places scattered all over, many of them similar-sounding (Turin son of Hurin, Elros brother of Elrond, etc., etc.), which can cause confusion for the reader at first and was one of the reasons why Tolkien was reluctant to have the work published. Fortunately, the book comes with a glossary of all these names and who's who, how to pronounce them, as well as maps of the various lands. But more than that, the book is wonderfully written, containing many great stories of drama & adventure as only Tolkien could write them (a great highlight for me is the story of Beren and Luthien, a marvelous love story AND adventure rolled into one, but there are many other examples).Thoroughly engrossing from beginning to end, "The Silmarillion" is essential reading for any Tolkien fan who wants to know how all of Middle-Earth began, and what the backstory and history is to the saga of "The Hobbit" & "The Lord Of The Rings." A marvelous book, and highly recommended to the Tolkien enthusiast.     