 Jethro Tull's "comeback" album from 1987, "Crest Of A Knave," literally shocked the music world---and the band themselves (really, it did)---when it actually went on to win the very first Grammy for Best Hard Rock/Heavy Metal Performance the following year. I watched the Grammy telecast that night, and I'll never forget how loudly the boos from the auditorium rang out when Alice Cooper & Lita Ford announced Tull as the winners (thankfully, Ian Anderson & company were not in attendance!). On one hand, as a longtime Tull fan, of course I'm happy that they won a Grammy. But for Heavy Metal? Puh-leeze! Anyway, more about the Grammy debacle later. Onto the album itself! "Crest Of A Knave" is one of Tull's very best albums. The band had been sidelined for three years after Ian Anderson was hit with severe vocal problems that developed on the tour for their 1984 album, "Under Wraps." But three years later, Ian's voice had recovered well enough that he felt confident to sing at the mike again, and Jethro Tull went roaring back into business with this towering album. Jethro Tull may not quite be a Hard Rock band---and they sure ain't Heavy Metal---but when they do rock, they ROCK, as evidenced on "Crest Of A Knave." The opening cut alone, "Steel Monkey," with it's menacing keyboard intro, Martin Barre's slashing guitar riffs, and pounding rhythms, is a classic Tull rocker. "Farm On The Freeway" is a terrific number, as it balances the band's softer, more melodic side with moments of tough-as-nails rock in equal measures (again, kudos to Martin Barre for some more searing guitar work here). Also worth noting is the catchy rock of "Jump Start," and the beautiful laid-back number, "Said She Was A Dancer." "Budapest" is a sprawling Jethro Tull masterpiece, and it could even be considered Tull's equivalent to Led Zeppelin's "Stairway To Heaven," as it's the Tull classic that shows the band's musical firepower at both ends of the spectrum: tremendous beauty AND powerful rock perfectly woven together as one. It's a keeper, alright. And the band go out in style with the great rock of "Raising Steam" and the bonus track, "Part Of The Machine" (previously only available on an out-of-print box set). While Ian Anderson's singing voice is, admittedly, not as rich as it once was, he can still sing very well. The *feeling* in his singing voice is still there, and that's good enough for me. Plus, he still plays a mean flute. Keyboards, too! And "Crest Of A Knave" is arguably the very best work guitarist Martin Barre has ever done with Tull, his six-string attack on this album nothing less than stunning. And bassist David Pegg and drummers Gerry Conway & Doane Perry also come to the party as well. And as for those silly Grammy people, following the loud criticism from the messy Tull Grammy win, they wisely decided to split apart the Hard Rock and Heavy Metal categories from that moment on, so the "Tull Beats Metallica" scenario never happens again. As for Tull themselves, they too found the Grammy incident amusing, and even joked about it on the following tour, with Ian Anderson telling audiences, "Hey, the flute is a heavy, metal instrument!", much to the delight of the crowd. To sum up: "Crest Of A Knave" is a brilliant Jethro Tull album. Pick it up and rock out---just don't expect to hear Heavy Metal!        