 "Invisible Touch" was the album that sent Genesis into the pop stratosphere. It remains the most commercially sucessful album they ever released, selling millions of copies and giving the band FIVE Top Five singles, including the #1 title track. It is also the album that many old Genesis purists love to hate, saying that the band completely sold out with this release. With "Invisible Touch," Genesis became a HUGELY successful band overnight, and some fans didn't like it.Personally, I think the old Genesis purists are being way too harsh on the group for this one. Consider the facts: it was the MTV-heavy mid-80's, Peter Gabriel & Steve Hackett were long gone, both Phil Collins & Mike Rutherford had recently had huge solo successes prior to the album's release, and "keyboard & drum machine" pop music was *everywhere* at this point in time. How could Collins, Rutherford, and Tony Banks NOT be influenced by all of this? "Invisible Touch" was the result of all of these influences surrounding the band in 1986. You couldn't expect them to do "Selling England By The Pound 2." Times had changed--and so had the band---and Genesis had to do something different. So they did. Granted, "Invisible Touch" is the most polished album Genesis have ever done, but that certainly doesn't make it BAD. Underneath all the polished production lies an album that still contains pure, intelligent Genesis music, albeit Genesis music fashioned for the mid-80's. Nevermind the massive sales---it's a very good, very credible Genesis album.Besides, the band didn't *completely* abandon their prog roots on this one. What about the fabulously inventive, full-length version of "Tonight Tonight Tonight" (without those annoying radio edits), or the breathtaking adventure that is "Domino," or the exuberant instrumental, "The Brazilian"? Even with a mid-80's sparkle, those tracks are pure progressive Genesis. And the hits? I have no complaints about them---I like a good pop song just as much as the heavier stuff. The title song is very catchy (and it's even better live). "Land Of Confusion" rocks. "In Too Deep" & "Throwing It All Away" are beautiful songs. And the lone "surefire hit that wasn't" track, "Anything She Does," is great fun. All in all, this is a fine Genesis album straight across the board.My only real gripe about "Invisible Touch" is that it's become the album that Genesis are forever judged by, which I think is totally inaccurate & unfair. Hey, I remain thrilled to this day that 1986 was such a great year for Genesis (AND Peter Gabriel & Steve Hackett, for that matter), but I can't stress enough to anyone who bought "Invisible Touch" to PLEASE check out the band's other albums, especially the earlier stuff! As much as I like "Invisible Touch," there is SO much more to this great band than just this one album. Trust me.     