 1980's "Gaucho" was Steely Dan's final album before embarking on their 20-year sabbatical from recording together again. Apparently, Walter Becker & Donald Fagen reached loggerheads in their partnership on this one, with both men having personal & business-related problems at the time. The recording of "Gaucho" was long & laborious, and one particularly treasured song, "The Second Arrangement," was tragically lost, having been accidentally erased by a careless engineer. That Becker & Fagen finally finished the album despite all of the behind-the-scenes problems must be considered a great miracle. Just seven tracks long, "Gaucho" is easily the lightest, most laid-back album in Steely Dan's catalog, but that certainly doesn't make it bad. It's a wonderful, handsome disc, filled with the fine quality jazz/pop & production skills that the Dan are famous for. "Babylon Sisters" is a fine, slow & steady shuffler. "Hey Nineteen," the big hit from the album, is a bouncy, sparkly tune, and "Glamour Profession" is very groovy. The title song is more laid-back, but has marvelous melody to it. "Time Out Of Mind," the closest Steely Dan get to "rocking out" on this album, is a terrific toe-tapper, and arguably the best tune from the album. "My Rival" is a cool smooth-groover, and the finale, "Third World Man," with it's feeling of calm, is a tranquil, peaceful gem for Walt & Don to exit with.Thankfully, "Gaucho" was NOT the last we'd ever see from Steely Dan. Becker & Fagen finally put the Dan back together again in 1993 for a successful concert tour, and then, at long last, they released a brand-new studio album in 2000, the Grammy-winning "Two Against Nature." But it must be said that the duo's first era of work ended on a very solid note with "Gaucho." Granted, the blood, sweat & tears that Walt & Don shed to make "Gaucho" ended their partnership for 13 years, but they still managed to deliver another terrific platter of music. "Gaucho," in my book, is a very cool Steely Dan album.     