 "And Then There Were Three" is one of Genesis' very best albums. It was a big departure for the band, certainly--no more Steve Hackett on guitar, the band shrinking down to a trio (hence the album's title), and  the inclusion of more songs than on previous albums, and *shorter* songs at  that. But, oh, what songs! Some of my all-time favorite Genesis songs are  found here--"Down & Out", "Snowbound",  "Burning Rope", "Deep In The Motherlode", "Many  Too Many", "The Lady Lies", and of course, "Follow You  Follow Me." The whole feel to this album just sweeps me away, and the  band's musicianship, with Tony Banks' dreamy, lush keyboard work leading  the way, is top-notch, too. Of course, Phil Collins' first-rate drumming  & vocals remain in a class all by themselves, and credit must also be  given to Mike Rutherford for picking up the guitar here with great gusto  (he'd been mostly the group's bassist prior to making this album). It  must've been just as challenging for him to take over for Steve Hackett as  it was for Collins to take over for Peter Gabriel at the microphone, but  Rutherford does it brilliantly, displaying for the first time his *own*  powerful, unique sound & style on lead guitar. I know "And Then  There Were Three" went over some fans' heads. Some fans saw the album  as "the beginning of the end" for Genesis, because it broke the  band away from their "prog" past, and sent them on the road to  Top 40 hits & record sales glory. Yes, this was their most commercialy  accessible album up to that time, but it still contains all the sweeping  atmospheres, moods, and musical chops of earlier Genesis. The number of  band members may have shrunk & the running time on the songs may have  shrunk, but NOT the incredible power of the band's music.If I have to name  my favorite album from the band's 1978-91 era, I will happily say "And  Then There Were Three." I think all the Genesis albums that have  followed this one are great, but "And Then There Were Three" is  definitely my favorite from the Phil/Mike/Tony line-up.     