 The Call are quite possibly THE most underrated band in all of rock. Led by phenomenal singer/songwriter/bassist Michael Been, The Call have created some of the most intelligent, passionate rock music ever recorded. The music critics have always loved them, and Peter Gabriel and Bono of U2 count themselves as huge fans. But despite all of their acclaim (and one lone early-80's radio hit, "The Walls Came Down"), The Call have never gotten the mainstream success that they so rightfully deserve. Not being pin-up boys, and crafting music that may have been considered TOO sophisticated for Top 40 radio, their various record labels never quite knew how to market them, and their albums, however brilliant, never racked up the big sales that they should have. Sadly, five of The Call's eight studio albums are currently out-of-print, leaving just "Reconciled," "Into The Woods," and "To Heaven And Back," plus some Best Of compilations like this one, "The Millennium Collection." But this new Call compilation CD will definitely give you a clear picture of what this wonderful band are all about. Many Call classics are found here---the aforementioned hit "The Walls Came Down," "Modern Romans," "Scene Beyond Dreams," "Everywhere I Go" (featuring Peter Gabriel on backing vocals), "I Don't Wanna," "Let The Day Begin" (which Al Gore rightfully used as his presidential campaign song), "What's Happened To You" (featuring Bono on backing vocals), plus a great live version of one of The Call's great signature tunes, "I Still Believe." The band's musicianship is tremendous, and Michael Been's emotionally-charged voice & lyrics will go straight to your heart.I sincerely hope that SOME smart record label out there will pick up The Call's outstanding catalog of albums, and re-release them to the world. The Call are a great band, a significant band. With so much commercial success these days being bestowed upon acclaimed groups like Coldplay, Radiohead, and veteran acts like U2, it is a terrible shame that The Call have been unfairly overlooked. "The Best Of The Call: The Millennium Collection" is proof positive that this is a band that can easily give Bono, Chris Martin, Thom Yorke & company a run for their money. You want to hear *important* rock music? Listen to The Call.     