 Thank goodness lead singer Lou Gramm returned to Foreigner for this album. The band's star frontman had left the group for a solo career after 1987's "Inside Information." They replaced him with new singer Johnny Edwards, and recorded 1991's "Unusual Heat." But the album was both a commercial & artistic disappointment, and all Lou Gramm managed to get out of his solo career was one lone hit single, "Midnight Blue," and not much else. I guess both parties realised the error of their ways, because, very thankfully, Gramm and Foreigner guitarist Mick Jones ultimately made up, and reformed Foreigner for 1995's "Mr. Moonlight." And while the album isn't Foreigner's masterpiece, it sure blows "Unusual Heat" right out of the water, thanks in no small part to the great return of Lou Gramm to the fold, both as lead singer and co-songwriter. I had a big smile on my face listening to "Mr. Moonlight" for the first time---this is the REAL Foreigner that I know & love.By this time, bassist Rick Wills & drummer Dennis Elliott had both split, so they were replaced by Bruce Turgon & Jeff Jacobs, plus various session players. The resulting "Mr. Moonlight" is a great return to form for Foreigner, with excellent songs all throughout, just like the band made in their glory days up through 1987. Highlights: the opening "Under The Gun" has Foreigner throwing down the gauntlet with tremendous rockin' power, "Until The End Of Time" is an instant classic power ballad, and the band get totally down & dirty with "Big Dog," with a gloriously sleazy vibe and ominous lead vocals (but is it Gramm or Jones at the mike? I can't be sure). "All I Need To Know" has wonderful melody, "Hole In My Soul" is a strong acoustic-flavored thumper, and the final song, "Hand On My Heart," is both beautiful & soulful. The hooks are memorable, the band's musicianship cooks, Mick Jones serves up some tasty guitar licks, and, God bless him, Lou Gramm's powerful voice is firmly at the forefront of Foreigner once again. Like I said in my review of "Unusual Heat," Foreigner *needed* Lou, and "Mr. Moonlight" is the proof of that.Unfortunately, even with Lou Gramm back onboard, "Mr. Moonlight," for all of it's great material, followed "Unusual Heat" to the commercial dud department, and gave the band no hit singles. I can only guess that the whole rock music biz had changed by 1995, and just wasn't the same since Foreigner ruled the roost in the 70's & 80's. Nirvana had already come & gone, and radio & music buyers in general just weren't interested in "Mr. Moonlight," which is a shame. Although Foreigner continues to tour occasionally, there's been no new recorded material since the release of "Mr. Moonlight" eight years ago (at the time I'm writing this). If "Mr. Moonlight" really is the final Foreigner album, then at least the band has gone out on top with a fine record. "Mr. Moonlight" is a great Foreigner album. And thank you Mick, Lou, and the boys for all of the great music you've given your fans, myself included. I'll be rocking to your albums until the end of time!     