 For their first four albums, the Moody Blues recorded their material by building the albums layer by layer as they put everything down on tape. This would lead to incredible (and incredible-sounding) albums, but would make the material difficult to duplicate live, as there were only five guys on stage to play this massive music. For their fifth album, 1970's "A Question Of Balance," the Moodies decided to record as simply and as close to a live performance as possible. The resulting album, while having more of a live, looser feel to it than previous Moodies albums, is undeniably another Moody Blues classic that's just as incredible & incredible-sounding as it's predecessors. Justin Hayward's "Question" is one of the Moodies' most famous tunes, with one of Justin's best vocal performances, that alternates between being a ferocious acoustic rocker (just listen to Justin *strrrruuum* that guitar!), and a lovely ballad in the bridge section, and then back again. It's simply marvelous. The rest of the album stands mightily tall next to it: Mike Pinder's "How Is It We Are Here?" has a great air of mystery to it, Ray Thomas' "And The Tide Rushes In" is one of his most beautiful contributions to the group, Graeme Edge's "Don't You Feel Small" is a spooky little percussive number, and John Lodge's "Tortoise And The Hare" is a bouncy rocker. The great Moodies music continues in the second half with Hayward's pair of melodic beauties, "It's Up To You" & "Dawning Is The Day," Lodge's great sing-along, "Minstrel's Song," Pinder's absolutely haunting "Melancholy Man," and Edge & Thomas' lovely poetic finale, "The Balance," spoken by Pinder. The Moody Blues were one of the world's biggest bands in 1970, and, by their own admission, they had a lot of questions to ask of themselves at the time, both as successful musicians and as people. They brilliantly asked those questions with "A Question Of Balance," and in the process, they delivered another outstanding Moody Blues album.     