 1990's "Freudiana" was the last album that singer/composer Eric Woolfson collaborated on with Alan Parsons, his former partner in the Alan Parsons Project. Quite simply, "Freudiana," a concept album about the life & works of Sigmund Freud, is an Alan Parsons Project album in all but name. It features virtually the exact same revolving door of musicians & singers that have featured on previous Project albums, such as co-leaders Parsons & Woolfson, guitarist Ian Bairnson, drummer Stuart Elliot, and "Gaudi" bassist Laurie Cottle, as well as singers Graham Dye, Chris Rainbow, John Miles & Eric Woolfson himself, along with "newcomers" Leo Sayer, Kiki Dee, and 10cc's Eric Stewart. "Freudiana" is structured like a Project album, and it's incredible music & production SOUNDS like a Project album. So why is no credit given to the group? Simple---past Project albums were always co-written by Parsons & Woolfson, but on "Freudiana," Woolfson is the sole composer (apart from the instrumental, "Beyond The Pleasure Principle," which Parsons contributed). So, on the songwriting curve alone, it was decided that "Freudiana" would NOT be credited to the Alan Parsons Project on the sleeve, and that it simply be released under it's own title. But it certainly goes without saying that if you are, indeed, a huge Project fan, then "Freudiana" is an absolute must-have. On previous Project albums, Parsons & Woolfson and their "cast of thousands" have always delivered nothing less than first-rate singing, songwriting, playing, and production (and Project albums are *perfect* records to test-drive your new stereo equipment with). "Freudiana" is no exception. Just one listen to superb songs like the title track, Dora, Let Yourself Go, The Ring, Upper Me, and the album-closer There But For The Grace Of God, to name but a few, and you're in total Project heaven! I'm totally amazed that "Freudiana" has never been given a proper North American release, as there are many diehard Project fans over here that don't even know that this album even exists. Ah, they don't know what they're missing....but thank goodness for online shopping, eh? After "Freudiana," Woolfson parted ways with Alan Parsons to concentrate on musical theater (and "Freudiana," in fact, WAS later staged as a musical in Vienna in December of 1990). While Parsons continues to make top-notch albums under his own name (minus the "Project" moniker), it can't be denied that Woolfson's unique singing & songwriting contributions are missed. But he couldn't have chosen a better album to exit with---many AP Project fans actually name "Freudiana" as their favorite "Project" album, and why not? It's a brilliant work, and one that definitely deserves a place among your other Project CD's. Just make sure you file "Freudiana" in the appropriate place, between "Gaudi" & "Try Anything Once." :-)     