 Genesis debuted in 1969 with "From Genesis To Revelation," and although it's a good album overall, it's tarnished somewhat by producer Jonathan King, who smothered most of the band's songs with horns & string arrangements, making them sound more like an orchestral outfit than a rock band. But with new producer John Anthony onboard, Genesis totally shifted into high gear with their second album, 1970's "Trespass," and delivered their first real masterpiece---they truly became a band with this one. "Trespass" has been somewhat overlooked by record buyers over the years, as it doesn't feature Phil Collins on drums or Steve Hackett on lead guitar, but fear not: guitarist Anthony Phillips, in his second & final album with the band, is an amazing player himself (and for further proof of this, check out his wonderful catalog of solo albums), and John Mayhew, in his only album with the group, is no Phil Collins, but his drumming here is certainly good (if it wasn't, I don't think the band would've hired him in the first place), and he gets the job done. The classic Genesis line-up with Collins & Hackett were still one album away, but the "Trespass" line-up of the band still deliver the goods in tremendous fashion. "Looking For Someone" is the incredible opener, starting with Peter Gabriel's unique voice breaking through the silence, with the rest of the band later joining in to create a rock piece filled with wonderful drama & atmosphere. "White Mountain" is appropriately titled, starting with Tony Banks' lone mellotron giving one the feeling of being in the snow-covered mountains somewhere. Then the beautiful acoustic guitars of Phillips & Mike Rutherford kick in, Gabriel starts to sing, and the band take us off on another great musical adventure. "Visions Of Angels" has a more ballady feel to it, but it's still a very strong, majestic tune. "Stagnation" is a Genesis classic, a shimmering beauty played with great virtuosity, featuring a very exuberant instrumental bridge, and passionate vocals by Gabriel. "Dusk," the quietest tune on the album, is a very lovely number, featuring a first-rate flute solo from Gabriel in the bridge. And finally, Genesis throw down the gauntlet with the ferocious "The Knife," a monster 9-minute piece about the heat of battle, with the band working like a five-headed behemoth to bring this powerful track to life. It's a fabulous, memorable rocker, the first Genesis signature tune.The classic album cover, featuring a renaissance painting with a big knife slashing across the painting, is a perfect reflection of both the album's beauty and power. "Trespass" was Genesis' first true musical statement, and a firm sign of things to come from this incredible band. :-)     