 With the "Lizard" line-up of King Crimson history, Crimson leader & guitarist Robert Fripp formed a new line-up to record 1971's "Islands"---bassist/vocalist Boz Burrell, "Lizard" man Mel Collins on flute & saxophone, and drummer Ian Wallace. "Islands" may surprise some Crimheads, as this is far & away the "prettiest" sounding album in the band's entire catalog, though that's not at all a bad thing. "Islands" still has it's moments of classic Crimson rock---more about that in a little bit---but for the most part, this a very celestial, quiet, beautiful, *passionate* King Crimson album. I'll even go so far as to say that "Islands" is the only Crimson album that qualifies as perfect lovemaking music. Not that I speak from experience, but I DO have a friend of mine who says that playing "Islands" one night did wonders for him and his girlfriend, and, although it sounds pretty funny, I can certainly believe it.There's only six pieces on "Islands," but they're all winners, and they gel together marvelously well. "Formentera Lady" is a beautiful, tranquil opener, featuring lovely flute decorations from Collins, before it gives way to the extended 12 1/2 minute jam, "Sailor's Tale," which builds and builds until it becomes a steady, assured Crimson rocker, with some tasty guitar & mellotron work from Fripp, fat basslines from Burrell, and powerful drumming from Wallace. "The Letters" is a haunting number, with simple but memorable lyrics and a strong, instrumental rock bridge, featuring some killer saxophone from Collins. "Ladies Of The Road," which seems to be a song about groupies, is a very slinky, sultry number. "Prelude: Song Of The Gulls" is a fine orchestral piece, and finally, there's the 9-minute title song, a gorgeous track that puts the album to bed on a very peaceful note.Sadly, the "Islands" line-up of King Crimson fell apart after a brief U.S. tour, documented on the rare live album, "Earthbound." But this version of the band was truly excellent, and they were indeed responsible for one of King Crimson's most unique releases. Even though I think the inclusion of one or two more rockers on the album would've been appreciated, "Islands" is nonetheless a truly *beautiful* King Crimson disc. Robert Fripp & company have never recorded anything else like it, and it is truly wonderful stuff.     