 Known primarily for their late-60's hit singles, one thing that too many people overlook about the Association is that they were also a great live band, as this 1970 release, "The Association: Live" proves beyond a doubt. Recorded in concert on April 3, 1970 at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, this seven-man band are in top form. They're more raw-sounding live, but still with all of the great vocal harmonies and musical chemistry that made them so good on record. This is a 74-minute, 22-song set with the Association going through their repertoire up through their 1969 self-titled masterpiece, which they were touring for at the time. Many Association favorites are featured, including "Along Comes Mary," "Goodbye Columbus," "Never My Love," "Time It Is Today," "Cherish," and their biggest hit, "Windy," all performed wonderfully. Not only that, but the band do a fine cover of the Youngbloods' "Get Together," plus a jaunty, previously unheard song called "Just About The Same," as well as absolutely haunting renditions of "Remember" and "Requiem For The Masses." And if that wasn't enough, the Association also perform three songs from their brilliant self-titled album: "Goodbye Forever," "Dubuque Blues," and "What Were The Words." The band are also very funny showmen, such as the bit where they try to get the audience to "get in touch" with one another, and Larry Ramos---the lone Hawaiian in the band---remarking how hard it is working in a group "with six token whites." Priceless!Interestingly, though, the Association don't look back upon this live album with great affection. The University of Utah, where this gig was recorded, is apparently at a high altitude, and the band say that the slightly-thinner air affected their vocal performances. Well, guys, you could've fooled me, because you sound superb on this recording. To heck with thinner air---this is a GREAT live performance. If you love this band as much as I do, then you just *gotta* pick up "The Association: Live." And thank you, Association, for all of your great music.        