 I have just seen a little gem of a movie that is so wonderful and so uplifting, that I simply must say something about it. It's "The World's Fastest Indian," starring Anthony Hopkins in the true story about Burt Munro, a 60-ish man from New Zealand who owns a 1920 Indian Scout motorcycle, and, in the mid-1960's, travels to America with his Indian to fulfill his lifelong dream of setting a landspeed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah. The odds are against Burt every step of the way, as he has very little money, a heart condition, and virtually no knowledge of American customs. But Burt is such a likeable, upbeat fellow with such a great can-do attitude, that he perseveres, and makes many friends along the road to Bonneville with his beloved "motorsickle." This is a truly outstanding movie that tells a truly inspiring story of a man who refuses to give up on his dream, and it's a great story that the entire audience can connect with, whether you're into motorcycles or not. It's got a great script (with *many* memorable lines, both funny and touching), and it's brilliantly directed by Roger Donaldson, with Anthony Hopkins simply charming, delightful, and magnificent as Burt Munro. The only other big names you may know in the cast are Diane Ladd as a lonely widow, and comedian Paul Rodriguez as a car salesman who both meet Burt during his journey. Both are excellent in their supporting roles, as are the rest of the cast, who are primarily unknown actors, but they all shine, too, giving their very best next to Hopkins by playing such a terrific array of colorful, memorable characters that Burt meets along the way. And although there are really only a handful of racing scenes in the movie, when they do come, they are truly adrenaline-pumping.I saw "The World's Fastest Indian" at my local art-house movie theater, where it played for nearly three months on pure word-of-mouth power. I loved the film so much that I saw it four times. And all four times, as previous reviewers have remarked, the audience broke out in applause at the end. This movie is such a winning, inspirational crowd-pleaser, and it's one of those rare movies that anybody and *everybody* can like and get something out of. And let me say to you once again that you do not have to be a motorcycle enthusiast to appreciate this film. Because, in the end, "The World's Fastest Indian" is not about the motorcycle. It's about the man, his dream, and his incredible journey to fulfilling that dream. "The World's Fastest Indian" is a movie to treasure. Congratulations to director Roger Donaldson, Anthony Hopkins, the rest of the cast and crew, and the winning spirit of Burt Munro himself for making one of THE greatest feel-good films of all time.     