 If you had to name the most important member or ex-member of Genesis, and I mean THE most important guy who contributed to Genesis throughout their history, who would it be? In my honest opinion, it would be keyboardist Tony Banks. Of course Peter Gabriel, Phil Collins, Mike Rutherford, Steve Hackett, Anthony Phillips & everyone else in the group at any one time has brilliantly contributed to the band---that goes without saying. But it is Tony's magical keyboard work that has always been at the very heart of Genesis' unique, distinctive sound. You take Tony's keyboards out of Genesis, and it isn't Genesis anymore. So Tony IS the band's key member. And yet, when all the current guys in Genesis split off to do solo projects, it is Tony who has the least success, which simply boggles my mind, considering all the wonderful solo music he has made since 1979's "A Curious Feeling." Tony's second stab at his solo career, 1983's "The Fugitive," just so happens to be his solo masterpiece. "The Fugitive" is a magnificent album, filled with irresistable music, brilliant keyboard work throughout by Banks, and, quite surprisingly, some excellent John Lennon-ish lead vocals from Banks ("The Fugitive" remains his only solo album where he sings all of the songs himself). Also lending Banks a hand is longtime Genesis touring guitarist Daryl Steurmer, and veteran session men like bassist Mo Foster, and drummers Tony Beard, Steve Gadd and Andy Duncan, whipping up an album that has all of Tony's keyboard trademarks, and yet is very accessible. The first single, "This Is Love," is a great pop-rocker. Other favorites include the mystical "Man Of Spells," the wonderfully catchy "And The Wheels Keep Turning," the bouncing, upbeat "By You," and the beautiful ballad "Say You'll Never Leave Me." Banks also does an outstanding job with the album's pair of instrumentals, the spooky, hypnotic "Thirty Three's" and the absolutely charming piece called, appropriately enough, "Charm." I hope that more Genesis fans out there will check out Tony Banks' solo music, as it's just as incredible as anything he recorded with the band, and "The Fugitive," Tony's best solo work to date, is a brilliant place to start.          