 I've just finished reading the so-called "review" by the previous customer, and I just have one question for him: what planet were you actually on when you played this album? Having said that....I've always considered Traffic to be the best thing that Steve Winwood has ever done in his long, illustrious career. Traffic's music is a sensational fusion of rock, pop, jazz & folk, with a generous dose of art-rock tossed in for good measure. You never get anything less from Traffic than first-rate singing, songwriting & musicianship. Why these guys still aren't in the Rock N Roll Hall Of Fame yet remains a mystery to me! The groups last studio album from the 70's, "When The Eagle Flies," is a brilliant buried treasure from Winwood & the boys. It's also the band's best album. Amazingly, it's only available on import in North America, which makes no sense at all. But no matter---this is an excellent disc to add to your collection, and one that more Traffic fans should definitely seek out.The highlights for me include the astounding "Dream Gerrard," an 11-minute prog-rock masterwork & arguably the band's finest piece. The bizarre lyrics would make Tori Amos proud (Hippos don't wear hats/Lobsters shriek if provoked), but Winwood sings them beautifully, with the whole song driven with GREAT musical force by the band. "Graveyard People" is another winner, a very spacy, atmospheric track highlighted by Steve Winwood's swirling keyboards. "Memories Of A Rock N Rolla" is a great tale co-authored by Winwood & drummer Jim Capaldi about an elderly rock star looking back upon his life, and "Love," the shortest piece from the album, is a little gem of it's own, featuring beautiful flute playing by the late, great Chris Wood.Traffic disbanded in 1974, shortly after the release of "When The Eagle Flies." Winwood & Capaldi would resurrect Traffic 20 years later with their 1994 comeback album, "Far From Home." They put on a terrific concert that year, but I was very disappointed that nothing from "Eagle" was played. Because of the album's current import-only status, I bet a lot of Traffic fans don't even know that this marvelous album even *exists*, and the band not playing anything from it live on their '94 tour certainly didn't help that situation any. What a shame. "When The Eagle Flies" is a truly special album from one of rock's finest groups, and it deserves to be heard by the masses once again. So do yourself a favor and pick it up. Uncle Alan says it's worth it!     