 Just like their classic release from 1970, "John Barleycorn Must Die," Traffic's 1994 reunion album, "Far From Home," was initially meant to be a Steve Winwood solo album, but it ultimately morphed into a Traffic album. Singer & multi-instrumentalist Winwood was working on the album, aided by his old friend & Traffic bandmate, drummer Jim Capaldi, but the duo decided that the new music they had created sounded SO much like Traffic, that they may as well release it under the Traffic name. They did, and Traffic were back with their first new studio album in 20 years. Although the group was now a duo---flautist/sax man Chris Wood had passed away in the 80's, and original guitarist Dave Mason did not take part, nor did any other former Traffic member---"Far From Home" turns out to be a glorious return for this classic British band. Although "Far From Home" does have a 90's polish to it, Winwood & Capaldi successfully recapture the musical spirit of Traffic that made the band so special during their initial run in the late 60's and early 70's. Their unique mix of rock, jazz and folk (seasoned with a dash of art rock) is back, along with Winwood's soulful voice and inspired keyboard, organ and guitar playing, as well as Capaldi's superb, solid drumming. Winwood also successfully summons the spirit of Chris Wood by playing the occasional bit of flute and saxophone, which is the essential icing on the cake. And every song on "Far From Home" is a winner, including the brilliant rocker "Here Comes A Man" (which was released as a single, and, goshdarnit, should've been a big hit), the outstanding, hypnotic rock of the title song (including an ace guitar solo from Winwood at the end), the spiritual "Holy Ground" (featuring some lovely pipe playing from special guest Davy Spillane), the totally funky "Some Kind Of Woman," the fun, horn-section pop of "Every Night, Every Day," and the excellent instrumental finale, "Mozambique," with Winwood & Capaldi kickin' out the jams just like they used to do in the old days.I don't mind telling you that, listening to "Far From Home" now, I get a little bit misty-eyed. With the sad, recent passing of Jim Capaldi, "Far From Home" is now, officially, Traffic's final album. Having recently been inducted into the Rock 'N' Roll Hall Of Fame (and deservedly so), Winwood & Capaldi were gearing up to reform Traffic once more with a tour, and, quite possibly, a new album. But sadly, with Capaldi's death, it was not to be. Still, I'm eternally grateful for all of the wonderful music that Traffic have given us, including this marvelous reunion album, "Far From Home." Their respective solo albums are indeed great, but I still say that Traffic was easily the very best thing Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi ever did in their long, impressive musical careers. Their musical chemistry together, along with Chris Wood, Dave Mason and other band members over the years like percussionist Rebop Kwaku Baah, was simply sensational. With "Far From Home," Winwood & Capaldi bring back the good ol' magic of Traffic one last time, and your Traffic collection just ain't complete without this album, so buy it. Thank you, Steve & Jim, and long live Traffic.                  