 I've always considered Traffic to be the best thing that Steve Winwood has ever done in his long, illustrious career. Traffic's music is a sensational fusion of rock, pop, jazz & folk, with a generous dose of art-rock tossed in for good measure. You never get anything less from Traffic than first-rate singing, songwriting & musicianship. The group's last studio album from the 70's, "When The Eagle Flies," is a brilliant disc from Winwood & the boys. It's also the band's best album. FINALLY available on CD in the U.S. after languishing for so many years in Importland, this is an excellent album to add to your collection, and one that more Traffic fans should definitely seek out. The highlights for me include the astounding "Dream Gerrard," an 11-minute prog-rock masterwork & arguably the band's finest piece. The bizarre lyrics would make Tori Amos proud (Hippos don't wear hats/Lobsters shriek if provoked), but Winwood sings them beautifully, with the whole song driven with GREAT musical force by the band, including some fabulous keyboard work from Winwood, and an absolutely *slamming* performance on the drumkit by Jim Capaldi. "Graveyard People" is another winner, a very spacy, atmospheric track highlighted by Winwood's swirling keyboards. "Walking In The Wind" is a lovely, melodic popper, with a fine bottom groove from bassist Roscoe Gee. "Memories Of A Rock N Rolla" is a great tale co-authored by Winwood & Capaldi about an elderly rock star looking back upon his life, and "Love," the shortest piece from the album, is a little gem of it's own, featuring beautiful flute playing by the late, great Chris Wood.Traffic disbanded in 1974, shortly after the release of "When The Eagle Flies." Winwood & Capaldi would resurrect Traffic 20 years later with their 1994 comeback album, "Far From Home." They put on a terrific concert that year, but I was very disappointed that nothing from "Eagle" was played. Up until now, I bet a lot of U.S. Traffic fans didn't even know that this marvelous album even existed, but I'm SO thrilled now that they can finally get their hands on it at last. "When The Eagle Flies" is a truly special album from one of rock's finest groups, and it deserves to be heard by the masses once again. So do yourself a big favor and pick up this wonderful buried treasure from Traffic.     