 To call Jethro Tull's 1971 opus "Aqualung" a "classic," a "landmark," a "masterpiece," etc., etc., is an understatement. Tull's legendary fourth album remains an FM-radio staple to this very day, the band's most popular, enduring album by far (though other great Tull releases like "Thick As A Brick," "Stand Up," "Benefit" and "A Passion Play" all have their share of supporters for #1 Tull album ever). But without question, "Aqualung" is Jethro Tull's Big One, the album that launched them into the arena-rock stratosphere. However, it must be said that "Aqualung" is NOT the "concept album" that it is so often mistaken for. Tull leader Ian Anderson wrote some outstanding songs here dealing with themes of religion and childhood, but these songs don't tell any kind of *story*, per se, and although the character of Aqualung is mentioned in the first two songs---the title song and "Cross-Eyed Mary"---we don't here about him again for the rest of the album. So, no, "Aqualung" is not a concept album, in my opinion. But what "Aqualung" most definitely IS is a bonafied Jethro Tull masterwork, and one of the greatest classic rock albums ever made. Who *hasn't* heard the signature title song, with that famous six-note guitar riff from Martin Barre that kicks it off (deer-neer-neer-neer-NEER-neer!), followed by Anderson singing about that old geezer "sitting on a park bench"? It's a classic, signature Tull rocker. And, of course, one classic, signature Tull rocker deserves another, so feast your ears also on the second track, "Cross-Eyed Mary." That totally rocks, too. This is followed by a trio of softer, acoustic songs, "Cheap Day Return," the concert fave "Mother Goose," and "Wond'ring Aloud," all outstanding. Then Ian & company move back into rocking mode with the passionate "Up To Me," "My God," and "Hymn 43" (with the classic tongue-in-cheek line, "If Jesus saves, then he'd better save himself"). After the light acoustic interlude of "Slipstream" comes another ferocious Tull rocker & concert staple, "Locomotive Breath." Finally, the band wind things down with Ian's tale of growing up, "Wind Up," ending this classic album perfectly. Anderson's songwriting is superb, his vocals quite passionate, his flute & guitar work, as always, supreme. Martin Barre wields his axe like the master he is, decorating the album with glorious guitar riffs & solos, new bassist Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond is excellent, John Evan's thumping piano & keyboard-playing is awesome, and drummer Clive Bunker takes his exit from Jethro Tull on a very high note with some of the very best drumming he ever laid down with the band.Is "Aqualung" truly the greatest album Jethro Tull have ever made? My personal favorite Tull album remains "A Passion Play," but to many, many fans, "Aqualung" is the champ, and that's fine with me. I love "Aqualung," too. It's without question one of the band's Top Five best albums ever, no doubt about that. AND it's the perfect album to start your Jethro Tull collection with. Hail, Aqualung!                      