 What is quite possibly Jethro Tull's most controversial album, even more so than "A Passion Play," is their 1984 release, "Under Wraps," a Tull album with a *very* electronic, mid-80's sheen to it. Keyboardist Peter-John Vettese had already glossed things up a bit for Tull on their previous album, "The Broadsword And The Beast." But on "Under Wraps," the keyboard gloss has been doubled, with Tull leader Ian Anderson himself playing a synth drumkit throughout. This caused some Tull fans to have the audio equivalent of a heart attack, and, to this day, the album is not particularly well-loved amongst the band's fanbase. But honestly, folks---for the most part, "Under Wraps" is a really good album. The songwriting (mostly having to do with the theme of espionage) is strong and "Tullified," polished for the 80's but still having the essential Tull melodies & feel just below the surface. The album also features the very last time Anderson was able to sing full-throttle before ensuing vocal problems caused his singing voice to degrade somewhat on subsequent albums. His flute & guitar parts still sparkle (and his drumming ain't bad either), Martin Barre's guitarwork is very good (though he isn't really allowed to "cut loose" on this disc), and Dave Pegg plays a solid bass. And Vettese? I like his keyboard sound, and he did help to "modernize" Jethro Tull in the 80's, which wasn't a bad thing if you think about it. As for the tunes themselves, my favorites include the catchy rock-pop of "Lap Of Luxury," "Under Wraps" (both versions), "Later That Same Evening," "Radio Free Moscow," "Heat," and "Apogee." Admittedly, "Under Wraps" kinda runs out of gas towards the end, with the closing pair of "Automotive Engineering" and "General Crossing," both decent Tull songs but not really essential (and I agree with the reviewer who says "Apogee" would've made a more fitting finale). But by this point, the album has already won me over, and I do like it. Is "Under Wraps" the greatest thing Tull have ever made? No, but I do think it's a much better album than it's reputation would have you believe. My Jethro Tull collection wouldn't be complete without it! Do check out "Under Wraps."        