 Okay, so following up a one-song album (Thick As A Brick) with *another*  one-song album was probably not the smartest thing to do---considering the  critical beating that Jethro Tull took upon the release of "A Passion  Play," I think these guys were just asking for it! But Ian Anderson  & the boys did it anyway....and released their most powerful album  ever. To my ears, 1973's "A Passion Play" is easily Jethro Tull's  greatest work. The band have made *many* stunning albums in their 30+ years  of life (and continue to do so to this day), but of all their albums, none  have blown me away in quite the same way that "A Passion Play"  always has. I LOVE this album!Oddly enough, "A Passion Play" came  about totally by accident---Ian Anderson & company had initially  planned a double-album follow-up to their highly successful "Thick As  A Brick" album from 1972, and were quite busy recording the  double-album in France. But the band were plagued by various technical  difficulties in the studio, and, in the end, Anderson became so fed up with  the "funky French recording studio" (as he put it), that he  finally put a stop to the troubled recording sessions. Bruised by the  experience, the band then headed back to England, and were faced with a  choice: either re-record the whole double-album from scratch, or work on  something completely different. Although a few musical elements from the  France recordings were retained (and some material from the aborted album  has subsequently appeared on Jethro Tull's double-CD,  "Nightcap"), the band chose to work on a totally different  project....and "A Passion Play" was born. Talk about a happy  accident!Retaining the same "one-song" format as it's predecessor  (i.e. 45 minutes of continuous music, with no individual song titles),  "A Passion Play" easily stands out from the rest of Jethro Tull's  catalog as the band's darkest album to date. (The striking black &  white photo on the album cover alone, featuring a ballerina laying flat on  her back onstage in a huge theater, with a trickle of blood coming down her  cheek, is enough of a tip-off to the material contained within.) Tull fans  have interpreted "A Passion Play" in SO many different ways over  the years, and this is MY personal interpretation, which you may disagree  with if you wish---it's a concept album about a man who commits suicide (by  hanging himself, apparently), and, ala Dante's Inferno, is taken on a  journey through the afterlife (first Hell and then Heaven). He is then  given a second chance at life, and, at the album's end, is reborn again....  Now that's a VERY heavy concept, and not everyone appreciated it back in  1973. Also, being the second album in a row from Tull that followed the  one-song format, the critics at the time had more than enough ammunition to  fire at the band. But did any of the album's detractors actually LISTEN to  it? If they had, they would've discovered that "A Passion Play"  is quite an amazing work. Never before had Ian Anderson written a musical  piece or sang it with THIS much depth & passion, and he & his  cohorts, Martin Barre, John Evan, Jeffrey Hammond-Hammond & Barriemore  Barlow, play this opus with great fire (there's more than one reason why  this album is called "A Passion Play"!). The band's musicianship  throughout is very tight, and they come up with some incredibly stunning  moods, sounds, and musical atmospheres that beautifully carry the album  along. And despite the album's theme of death & the afterlife, Jethro  Tull still make room for their reknowned good humor on this record. Even  Ian Anderson knew that the listener could probably use a short break from  the album's dark storyline, and so, right smack in the middle of the album,  the band briefly halt the music---and tell a humorous children's story,  "The Hare Who Lost His Spectacles"! Some see this portion of the  album as unneccesary, but I've always liked it. *I*, for one, think it's  funny! And then, with the story of the Hare Who Lost His Spectacles told,  the band simply pick up where they left off with the album's main  storyline, and we're back into breathtaking Tull music once again....Ian  Anderson was asked in a radio interview a few years back about what he  thinks of "A Passion Play" these days. Anderson said that  although he still likes "A Passion Play," he now feels that the  album is "too serious" a Tull record, and "lacks the  warmth" of the group's other albums, which is why the band no longer  play anything from it in concert anymore. Although I totally understand  Anderson's opinion, I still think it's a shame that the band will happily  play a small piece from "Thick As A Brick" in concert, but ignore  "A Passion Play" (which WAS, in fact, a #1 album for them, for  Heaven's sake!). But nevermind---there IS the album itself. Yes, "A  Passion Play" is Jethro Tull's darkest, most serious album, but to me,  it is also their best. With all due love & affection to the band's  other albums, "A Passion Play," in my estimation, is Jethro Tull  at their creative apex. To hell with the critics---"A Passion  Play" IS Jethro Tull's masterpiece. Thank you so much, Ian Anderson  & company, for making it.     