 Back in the sixties during his "Star Trek" heyday, William Shatner recorded a hilariously bad album called "The Transformed Man," featuring his over-the-top spoken-word readings of the Beatles' "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds" and the Byrds' "Tamborine Man." Now, many years later, Shatner, now in his early 70's, has released a new album called "Has Been." If I told you that this was one of the best albums of the year, you'd never believe me. But it is! I am serious. What a shocking---and delightful---surprise "Has Been" is. Shatner has always had a powerful, distinctive speaking voice, but what he lacked all those years ago with "The Transformed Man" was definitive musical direction. This time around, he gets direction in the form of singer/songwriter/musician Ben Folds, who produces, co-writes and arranges the album, as well as plays on it. Also lending Shatner a hand are Joe Jackson, Henry Rollins, Adrian Belew, Aimee Mann, and country star Brad Paisley. The result is a brilliant melding ('scuse the pun) of Shatner's voice with excellent, engaging musical accompanyment. Shatner wrote many of the verses himself, telling stories about his life, and he speaks with great presence, command, and honesty. Some tracks are very serious---"What Have You Done" is clearly about the drowning death of Shatner's previous wife---while other tracks are quite funny, such as the title song, done in a country/western "Rawhide" style. There's a rip-roaring cover of Pulp's "Common People" (featuring Joe Jackson), a punkish rant with Henry Rollins called "I Can't Get Behind That," and a gospel-themed piece about death called "You'll Have Time" that's a true gem, as Shatner, in preacher mode, reminds us of the ultimate fate that awaits all of us ("Live life like you're gonna die, because you're gonna!"). There's also great beauty in some of Shatner's reflections, like "It Hasn't Happened Yet" (with GREAT music by Ben Folds on this track), and "Together," a hypnotic spoken-word duet with Shatner and his current wife Elizabeth, with production by Lemon Jelly. Finally there's "Real," a song penned for Shatner by Brad Paisley, in which Shatner reminds us that although he may be Captain Kirk on TV, he is, after all, just an entertainer. He's real.Granted, William Shatner doesn't sing. But he's an excellent actor with a commanding voice, and there's a lot more to him than his Captain Kirk persona (though we love his Kirk persona, don't get me wrong!). With the aid of some very talented musicians, Shatner has poured his heart out on "Has Been," and he has also found the perfect musical soulmate in Ben Folds. You, too, may be very surprised, as William Shatner's "Has Been" is a very special album quite unlike anything else you'll ever hear. Who'da thunk it?                   