 Trying to write a review of the Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper" album is pretty pointless these days---we're talking about an album that practically the entire UNIVERSE agrees is a classic milestone recording not only for the Beatles & for pop music, but for music in general. The praise for this 1967 album, and for what the Beatles achieved with it, has already been said a zillion times before, so I don't really have anything new to add. Still, I'd like to make a comment about this wonderful album, anyway.Just WHY is "Sgt. Pepper" so universally revered? Quite simply, it's because the Beatles, who had started out with simple pop tunes like "Love Me Do" & "I Want To Hold Your Hand," had now graduated into the BIG leagues of songwriting, singing, playing, and production. Don't get me wrong, I love the catchy songs of the early albums like "Please Please Me" & "With The Beatles", but by the time John, Paul, George & Ringo had gotten to "Sgt. Pepper," they had totally taken the world by storm by transforming themselves from a fun bubblegum group into an absolutely *phenomenal* music-making collective. Their musical growth displayed on "Sgt. Pepper" was simply astonishing.Of course, the Beatles' maturity in their music-making had been a gradual thing over the past several albums, and I don't really NEED to convince you on how brilliant the band had become on "Help," "Rubber Soul" & "Revolver"---you can hear quite plainly on these albums that, by this time, these guys wanted to create songs that carried just a TAD more musical weight than the boy-meets-girl variety they started out with (as good as those songs are). Heading towards "Sgt. Pepper," the Beatles were constantly climbing up a ladder & pushing up the bar---EVERY album was better than the one that came before it. And by 1967, when the band had officially retired from touring and were strictly going to make the recording studio their laboratory, their next album was *destined* to be something that was going to be truly extraordinary....Quite simply, "Sgt. Pepper" is the Beatles' greatest achievement, as all the songs, from the classic, rousing opener of the title track to the gorgeous Lennon/McCartney masterwork "A Day In The Life," are such great works of art. Nobody had ever heard the Beatles like THIS before---this sure was a far cry from the moptop "Hard Days Night" version of the group. They had oh-so-obviously come a VERY long way as a band, indeed. With a pop album as musically stunning as this, how could the world NOT fall in love with it? And the world did.I'm not going to analyze for you every single song on "Sgt. Pepper"---that's already been done before. I'm just going to say that John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison & Ringo Starr gave the world a very beautiful gift with this truly magnificent album. From the rousing first notes to the stunning, legendary final note that concludes "A Day In The Life," the Beatles' songwriting, singing, musicianship, and studio production on "Sgt. Pepper"---with a little help from their producer chum George Martin---is simply a joy to behold. You'd have to be a REAL Ebeneezer Scrooge to not like this album. Needless to say, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" truly is an outstanding classic that's worthy of all the praise bestowed upon it. A real "every home should have one" kind of album. Thank you, Beatles.     