 1991's "Union" is easily the "bastard child" album of Yes' catalog. It was made during a curious time in the band's history when lead singer Jon Anderson had left the group to form ABWH with other former Yes men Bill Bruford, Steve Howe & Rick Wakeman. ABWH were working on what was intended to be their 2nd album, while the L.A.-based Yes led by guitarist Trevor Rabin were still in the early stages of working on a new album themselves.Then something strange happened: Jon Anderson, still friendly with the L.A.-model Yes, rang up Trevor Rabin and asked him for songwriting contributions for the new ABWH album. Rabin sent Anderson a cassette of three songs he'd been working on, and told Anderson to pick the one he liked the best. In the end, Anderson picked all three. This news somehow filtered into the Arista record label, under which ABWH were signed, and the idea was born that both Yes camps should combine their two albums-in-progress into one single Yes album. That way, the fans would go utterly ape over the new project, the album would sell tons, AND Yes could go out on the road as a supergroup EIGHT PIECE band! Seeing a money-making opportunity too sweet to pass up, both Yes camps agreed to the so-called "union." Longtime Yes bassist Chris Squire--the obvious absentee from ABWH--contributed bass & vocal parts to the ABWH material, while Anderson sang on the four contributions from the L.A.-model Yes. The entire musical platter from both bands was packaged together under the Yes name, and the final product...er, album...was christened "Union."  The eight-man Yes line-up did, indeed, hit the road together for a sensational tour in support of the album (and it WAS a fabulous concert, as I distinctly recall). But the "Union" album itself? Not so sensational. While "Union" certainly has it's share of good songs, the one thing sorely lacking on this disc is FOCUS. The album isn't *really* a joining of Yes & ABWH---never once do all eight men play together at the same time. "Union" sounds more like a collection of studio outtakes from both Yes camps than a definitive Yes album, with singer Anderson constantly darting back & forth between the two parties. To complicate things further, LOTS of unnecessary contributions from LOTS of L.A. studio musicians were added to the album in an effort to speed up it's completion in time for the upcoming tour. And then there's the long list of producers....it's no wonder Rick Wakeman totally despises "Union," as he's hardly even on it. BUT--and this is a big but--"Union" is NOT without it's strong tunes. The four songs from the L.A. Yes camp, especially the rousing "Lift Me Up" and the gloriously dramatic "The More We Live, Let Go," are terrific songs that you can put up there with any of Yes' classics of the past. The ABWH stuff, however, is a real mixed bag, ranging from good to forgettable. Of this material, only "Shock To The System," the Steve Howe solo "Masquerade," and "Take The Water To The Mountain" linger in the mind. The rest is listenable, but hardly the stuff of Yes masterpieces.Luckily, the "Union" album turned out to be a one-shot deal, with ABWH officially dissolving soon after the tour, and Yes, with Jon Anderson rejoining the group, getting right back on track with the marvelous 1994 album, "Talk" (which, by the way, is currently out-of-print. DO seek out a copy on the Web, though. It's an incredible album). Granted, the flaws of "Union" run all over the map. A lot of it is throwaway material, and it's certainly not the way a Yes album should be made---even the bandmembers themselves will tell you that. Still, there ARE a few musical diamonds to be found among the album's rough, and it's because of these musical diamonds that I'll give "Union" a passing grade of three stars. If you had to rank all of Yes' albums from best to worst, "Union" would definitely be at the bottom of the barrel, but even so, that still puts it in good company.     