 ....even if you *can't* access the surround-sound mix! I won't bother reviewing the album itself---we know already that Pink Floyd's "Dark Side Of The Moon" is an immortal rock masterpiece. The big question about this special 30th Anniversary Edition is, is it worth getting, especially if you've already shelled out money for the original CD version, the Mobile Fidelity gold CD version, AND the 20th Anniversary Edition from 10 years ago? Could this landmark album be worth buying yet again? The answer is a resounding *YES*! The funny thing is, I don't even own a proper home theater system, so I can't play the special surround-sound mix, only the regular stereo mix. And that alone has totally blown me away. Believe me, you've NEVER heard "Dark Side Of The Moon" sound this good. This 30th Aniversary Edition of "Dark Side" is a complete package all the way around. The new, updated prism cover art by Storm Thorgerson & Peter Curzon is very colorful & cool to look at, and the new CD booklet, 30 pages long with 30 assorted photographs, gives an excellent history of the "Dark Side" album itself (I never knew that the Russians got a slightly different album cover than the rest of the world). The CD itself is gold-colored, which, before you even play it, is already a good sign of the new-and-improved sound quality. I played this new "Dark Side" back-to-back with the older 20th Anniversary version, and yes indeed, this new "Dark Side" CD definitely sounds better---bigger boom, stronger sonics & clarity, and the bass has more bottom to it (you can totally *feel* that opening heartbeat, to name one example). The band literally ROAR out of the speakers. The instruments, the vocals, the taped speaking voices and sound effects sound even clearer & sharper than ever before. You can definitely hear notes & other bits that weren't previously detected. The bottom line: the sound quality on this new "Dark Side" CD is just plain astonishing. My compliments to Doug Sax & James Guthrie for an outstanding remastering job.I'm sure we can expect another CD upgrade of this classic album in 2013, when "Dark Side" turns 40. Until then, you owe it to yourself to pick up this 30th Anniversary Edition, and hear "Dark Side" as you've never heard it before, even if you don't own a home theater system. The fabulous new stereo mix alone, along with the impressive new packaging, makes this purchase a total keeper. Let's face it---you can *never* have too many copies of Pink Floyd's "Dark Side Of The Moon."     