 Most progressive-rock bands have that one sweeping, 20-minute epic somewhere on one of their albums. Pink Floyd have "Echoes," Genesis have "Supper's Ready," & The Alan Parsons Project have "The Fall Of The House Of Usher," just to name a few. But talk about guts---on "Tales From Topographic Oceans," Yes do FOUR 20-minute songs! And if that weren't enough, the album is a conceptual piece---and a religious one, no less---with all four pieces being based upon the Shastric scriptures that singer Jon Anderson was reading at the time. The vague lyrics will keep your brain doing loop-de-loops for days, and the first couple of listens to "Topographic" may be a bit trying (the very first time *I* ever played "Topographic," I actually found myself checking my watch---I've NEVER done that with any other album that I own). And yet, if you can give this album enough attention over time---and allow it to gracefully age in your music collection like a fine wine---you'll find that "Tales From Topographic Oceans" is, in the end, a darn good Yes album. Okay, so the album IS flawed: listening to it now, 15 years or so after I initially bought it, I still think "Topographic" has a very long-winded middle section with "The Remembering" & "The Ancient." On their own, both 20-minute pieces are very good, but sandwiched between two OTHER 20-minute pieces (that just so happen to be musically stronger, besides), these two compositions still make for strenuous listening. My advice---listen to "The Remembering" & "The Ancient" by themselves, individually, rather than in a marathon playing of the album from end-to-end. But what "Topographic" really has going for it is first-rate musicianship throughout from Anderson & company, and a *superb* beginning and end. The opener, "The Revealing Science Of God," is easily one of Yes' greatest masterpieces---a soaring, memorable epic, beautifully performed by the band and definitely making the most lasting impression of the album's four pieces. And the final piece on the album, "Ritual," is another winner, with the band finishing this mammoth album in sweeping, powerful style---it's an album-closer that definitely sticks with you. Oh, if only Yes had done a single album with just "Revealing Science" & "Ritual"....they would've hit a home run. But hey, getting to third base ain't bad, either. For better or worse, you gotta admire Yes for creating an album that no other prog-rock band would even DARE to attempt. Despite being bloated, "Tales From Topographic Oceans" ultimately hangs together because of it's musical strengths, i.e. the Good Stuff contained on it. The musical journey that Yes take the listener on with "Topographic" is a little bit bumpy, but hang in there---it's worth it.     