 Although somewhat-overlooked in the band's catalog, 1976's "Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll, Too Young To Die" has always been one of my very favorite Jethro Tull albums. It was originally conceived as a soundtrack album to a planned stage musical about an aging rocker in his late 50's named Ray Lomas (whose story is told somewhat by the amusing comic strip included inside the album, AND whose face has a passing resemblance to Tull leader Ian Anderson). The stage musical never happened---you'll have to ask Ian Anderson for the reason why---but the album survived, and it's a true rock beauty. Since the songs were originally intended for the theater, Anderson had to take extra care in making these tunes hummable (even the harder-edged stuff), and hummable they most certainly are. While only the cheerful title track of the album was any sort of hit for the group, every single song here is a memorable winner. There are great melodic Tull rockers on display like "Quizz Kid," "Taxi Grab," "Big Dipper," "Pied Piper," as well as whimsical songs like "Crazed Institution," "The Chequered Flag," and the aforementioned title song. And Ian Anderson lays down some beautiful acoustic numbers as well, like "Salamander," "From A Dead Beat To An Old Greaser," & "Bad Eyed And Loveless." Great songs, all of them, and all played to perfection by Anderson, Martin Barre, John Evan, Barriemore Barlow, and their new bassist at the time, the late, great John Glascock. David Palmer's handsome orchestrations to some of the songs is also a plus. And not only has "Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll..." been remastered for better sound quality, but there are now two terrific bonus tracks included at the end---the outstanding Anderson acoustic showcase "A Small Cigar," and the fun "Strip Cartoon," both songs guaranteed to make you smile."Too Old To Rock 'N' Roll, Too Young To Die" is a great Jethro Tull album, certainly ranking somewhere in the band's Top 10 best. Like Ian Anderson himself says, you're *never* too old to rock 'n' roll. :-)     