 After a three-year break, Led Zeppelin got back together again for 1979's "In Through The Out Door," though this album would, unfortunately, prove to be their last, as Zeppelin & their fans the world over were soon dealt the terrible news of drummer John Bonham's death from a drinking binge in 1980, leading to singer Robert Plant, guitarist Jimmy Page, and bassist/keyboardist John Paul Jones announcing the breakup of the band. But "In Through The Out Door" is an excellent Zeppelin album, and a very strong one for the band to exit with (though that was obviously not the original intent). John Paul Jones brings his keyboards back to Zeppelin after a one-album hiatus (he was strictly on the bass for "Presence") and plays them extensively, giving "In Through The Out Door" a more polished, radio-friendly feel than previous Zeppelin albums. Some fans were turned off, but they shouldn't have been, as I think Jones' keyboards simply enhance the music instead of detracts from it. As far as I'm concerned, Zeppelin STILL rock on "In Through The Out Door." "In The Evening" is a classic full-throttle Zeppelin rocker. The piano-thumping "South Bound Saurez" is tremendous fun. "Fool In The Rain" is one of Zeppelin's more pop-oriented tracks--it was also released as a single--but it's very bouncy and catchy. "Hot Dog," on the other hand, is not one of Zep's most popular songs, a sort of country/western pastiche that seems to totally come out of left field. But "Hot Dog" is what it is---Zeppelin having fun in the studio---and I enjoy the song on that level. "Carouselambra" is an epic 10 1/2 minute rocker that's simply astonishing from start to finish, with masterful flourishes and shifts in mood. "All My Love" is another pop-oriented number, but it's a gorgeous song, and one of Zeppelin's best-known tunes. Finally, there's the excellent "I'm Gonna Crawl," a steady, powerful blues number. Robert Plant's vocals are terrific throughout, Jimmy Page delivers some more incredibly tasty guitar licks, John Paul Jones' bass-playing is solid and his keyboard-playing brilliant, and, in his final musical statement to the world, John Bonham contributes one last album's worth of exhilirating, powerhouse drumming, never to be duplicated by anyone. How very strange that Led Zeppelin named this album "In Through The Out Door"---certainly the band themselves did not plan to go "in through the out door" with this album, but with Bonham's unexpected passing, that is precisely what they did. The rock world lost another one of it's greatest bands, but these trailblazing gods of rock live on forever in their recorded work, plus in a few equally-mindblowing live albums as well, and "In Through The Out Door" is a terrific album for Led Zeppelin to take their final curtain call with. Farewell Led Zeppelin, and thank you for rockin' our worlds!     