 For many years, I resisted buying Led Zeppelin albums. Mind you, I'd always had the deepest respect for this mighty rock band, as they've got some terrific tunes in their catalog. But they are also, without question, the most overplayed band in radio history. C'mon, admit it. Who *hasn't* flipped on the FM dial and immediately heard a Zeppelin song playing, or at least heard the disc jockey say, "Coming up next, we got some Led Zeppelin!" Let's face it, WE ALL HAVE. And that's why I wouldn't buy their albums for the longest time. I figured, I hear Zeppelin all the time on the radio, so why should I get their stuff? But, after a friend of mine played me their excellent new live set, "How The West Was Won," I finally caved in. I can resist no longer: it's finally time to add Led Zeppelin's music to my collection.Their 1969 debut disc, simply called "Led Zeppelin," is a very strong debut. Between Robert Plant's rich vocalising & orgasmic shrieks, Jimmy Page's scorching guitarwork & studio effects, John Paul Jones' booming bass and first-rate keyboard-playing, and John Bonham bashing his drumkit as if his sticks were baseball bats, these guys are an awesome rock warhorse. No wonder so many lesser bands have tried---and failed---to emulate them (remember Kingdom Come?). On their debut album, Zeppelin mix awesome Willie Dixon blues covers of "You Shook Me" & "I Can't Quit You Baby" with classic original rockers like "Good Times Bad Times," "Dazed And Confused," "Communication Breakdown," and "How Many More Times." Zep also deliver a passionately thunderous version of the traditional "Babe I'm Gonna Leave You," the great melodic beauty of "Your Time Is Gonna Come," and there's even a great Jimmy Page solo spotlight track, with the world-music tinged instrumental, "Black Mountain Side." These are all outstanding tracks that shake, rattle, and roll right off your speakers with impressive force. "Led Zeppelin" is a tremendous self-titled debut for this legendary rock band. As for me, I have now officially joined the legions of Led Zeppelin fans. Sorry it took me so long. On to "Led Zeppelin II"!     