 First of all, don't be misled by the cover art.  Don't *ever* be misled by cover art!  Haven't we all learned this lesson?  Although intriguing, it does not mean this is a P/7 story, as some avid P/Ters were certain of when this book first appeared.  While the story's key players happen to be Paris and Seven, their plotlines go in different directions. In fact, this story, set after the Paris/Torres nuptials but before Miral, has enough P/T moments in it to qualify as naughty fanfic, if lines like "And that was all either of them said for quite some time." or "Then she kissed him.  Hard." were expanded a paragraph or two.  As an avid P/Ter myself, I was able to fill in those particular blanks very nicely, thank you.  And speaking of Miral, I don't think this story is set too much before her.  Torres is nauseous enough times to make me suspicious, and one time she actually pukes, so, hey, you do the math. Obviously, a story about people who use nanotechnology almost exclusively would eventually involve Seven rather intimately, but the Paris subplot leaks dangerously into the gratuitous plot device, involving as it does "accidental" kidnapping and amnesia in Our Favorite Pilot.  I'll let you figure out what happens when he's returned to the ship without his memory.  (These people, by the way, named the Chiar, were described as looking something like St. Bernard dogs, but I kept calling them the Chair and imagining my dining room.  Funny what a one-letter switch will do to a word, huh?) Janeway, unfortunately, does little in this book but stomp from the bridge to her ready room and figure *everything* out in the last dozen pages or so.  Fortunately, we've seen this enough times in Trek, so the "too much, too fast," ending is no surprise. And you can see, after all this, I still gave the book four stars.  That's because: a) I love Star Trek Voyager, and b) I thought it was an enjoyable read, if not a memorable one.  Despite the numerous typos and odd repeated use of the same word in the same sentence (i.e., "Seven shut the tricorder and headed for the mouth of the alley, her mouth set in a grim line."), there were enough clever moments to make this book worthwhile. One final note of caution:  If you're not a fan of C/7, then you'd better watch your step with this one.  It is most certainly pointing in that direction.  But at least we're given a clue about how C/7 got its start, something distinctly missing from the show.  And that clue was believeable and well-written, IMNSHO.     