 I've read the other reviews, and if you'd rather not bother with this one, just go read Nathan Burgoine's. For me, this story was not unreadable by itself, but I realized pretty fast that I should have read the "Avatar" books first, if for no other reason than to fill in the blanks. There were just way too many interesting new characters obviously introduced in "Avatar," that I knew nothing about. But Ro is back where she belongs, and I'm happy for that, even if I still don't have all the details. It was a different story altogether from the Voyager Section 31 novel, "Shadow," and to compare that one with this would be unfair. Having said that, I'd now like to give "Shadow" even *more* credit, written as it was without benefit of a lovely DS9 relaunch story arc. But I digress. This story was very compelling. In fact, it had it all: adventure, horror, romance, a decent villian with a Khan complex, a b-plot on DS9 (carried over from "Avatar"), aliens ya wanna save, and our "I Spy" hero, Julian Bashir. I particularly liked one nasty S31 bit near the front, wherein Julian was "asked" by Cole to help the cause once again. Very insidious. But even though this story had resolution, I could still see a number of threads left unraveled on purpose. Not sure if I'm pleased or ... about this, as it will clearly mean I'll need to keep buying the books if I want to keep up, and it's already getting to be a bit much for me. (I mean, "Gateways" is a seven-book series. C'mon! I couldn't get through "New Earth," and that was only six, nevermind "Double Helix" or "New Frontier.") Then again, that IS what it's all about, now innit? Heavy sigh... Update (12-4-01):  The above having been said, I must now add:  If you really want a high-class, well-told adventure, read the two "Avatar" books first, then go from this one straight to Book Four of "Gateways," the DS9 installment titled "Demons of Air and Darkness."  And here I was, grousing...  Shame on me!  Clearly, I should have paid more attention at Shore Leave.  Anyway, these books read like the series - with the added benefit of thoughts and narrative to provide way more depth and heart than the show could ever hope to.     