 If you're a fan of the DS9 re-launch, this is the next book to read.  And if you're *not* a fan, I'd recommend you become one, if for no other reason than to read pro Trek that's out from under the contraints of television canon.  Imagine, no pesky demographics getting in the way of decent (and multiple) plotlines.  It's so *refreshing*! While it may be true you could be lost if you start with this book, I'll betcha you'll go back to the beginning of the re-launch if you *do* decide to start here. "Twilight" (the first in a series of four called "Mission Gamma") sets a number of scenes involving our favorites from DS9, plus a few others who were introduced earlier.  To me, this is a face-paced and meaty story, with just the right mix of space battles and character development - exactly the way I like my Star Trek.  Some story lines are resolved in this novel, but others will be carried into future books, which is as it should be.  Kira's holding down the fort on DS9, while Vaughn is on the Defiant, exploring the Gamma Quadrant.  To say anything more would be giving away too much. David R. George's writing style has been described by another reviewer as "extraordinarily rich in descriptive narrative," and I quite agree.  He's easy on the eye and the mind - though I *did* add a number of words to my vocabulary with this book. In reading over the other reviews, I see many who are gagging over the budding romance between Ro and Quark.  But I think it's just one more example of the beauty of this whole re-launch thing.  Heck, having Ro on the station *at all* is more than we'd probably ever see on TV - at least a Ro with Michelle Forbes' face, which is how I'll always picture her.  So I'll take Ro/Quark as part of the whole that is "Mission Gamma" and keep on reading!  Besides, I've seen odder couples in my life, so why should I think something in fiction is so farfetched?  They say love is blind, after all, and if you read this book, you may discover Ro and Quark have more in common than you might think. There is also a tiny sub-plot about Kasidy Yates, as she waits alone on Bajor for the birth of her child.  She's also trying to come to terms with being the wife of the Emissary, which isn't easy without Ben *or* Jake to support her.  I'm glad Kasidy's been included in the re-launch.  Hers was the story I really wanted to see resolved - or at least continued - and I'm glad to see it happening here.     