 Let me first mention that I wrote this review before the events of September 11, and now that it is four days later, I wish only to keep it posted here, in the hopes that it may give us a glimpse into a bright, new future - not only for those characters we love in the Trek universe, but for ourselves as well. Some might accuse me of showing favoritism when it comes to my reviews of the Trek novels. Okay...guilty! It's just that because I love Star Trek, I find little fault with those who write in that universe. Plus, I only read the novels that interest me, so of course my reviews might be more favorable than if I were reading them *all.* But I digress. On to "Endgame." Janeway had a mission, and that was to get her crew home. She did. End of story. Anyone who thinks there should have been more to that story *must* read this novelization. The blanks are nicely filled in with all the things the televised episodes do not have enough time for.  Add to that Diane Carey's unique maritime writing style (the "icebreaker prow" of one of the cube's corners, for example), her delicious narrative ("Seven had never been at ease with the way men looked at her.  Having no barometer of social tenderizing with which to judge things as fleeting as physical presence, she didn't know she was an eagle's cry from average.") and her use of the number 47, and, well, you've got yum with a spoon!  Certainly, the whole TV episode is in there, but the additional information provided by thoughts and narrative make for a much deeper, more understandable, story. About the only fault I found was the number of typos (7). But that's no big deal when it comes to the story as a whole. As to Christie Golden's four chapters of "Homecoming" at the end, I'm not ashamed to say I cried a little, and I cannot wait to read the whole thing. Resolution abounds for many characters and hints at more to come. It's obvious resolution's not the *only* thing going on in "Homecoming," but for a teaser, well, let's just say I'm saving my pennies to buy the book.     