 Years and years ago, around 1984, in high school, I was introduced to Al Stewart by way of a Swedish foreign exchange student who swapped cassettes with me in art class. It was a homemade cassette, but included a few early numbers and a bunch of stuff from the mid '70s. I was hooked. I bought a couple used LPs and even found a weird blue cassette of "The Early Years" that I listened to until it started to wear out. Thank God for CD! Something happened to Al around 1976, when he pumped up the band, the production and became a big star with Year of the Cat. Now, that and Time Passages are outstanding. Then there were other albums that were identifiably Al, but not particularly something you'd want to put on with your friends around. Then he ditched his corduroy jacket and fogbound English libido and started hanging around in California, playing wineries and whatnot, losing his hair and his edge -- and God bless him for it, it's his life and he's still  -- but to really know Al, you've got to dig into his beginnings. This is the place to begin. There are a few duds on this collection (e.g., the first half dozen songs, when he was coerced (?) into heavy strings and annoying orchestration (he was just a kid, so I don't care), but then it really gets going. A lot of the savage lead guitar was done by Jimmy Page, of all people. The lyrics are great, and there's a sort of rockin', folky, poetic, coffeehouse feel to it. Al's voice has always been a bit flimsy -- nothing he can do about that -- but at least in the old days, he compensated with some severe lyrics. There's a little of that historical epic stuff he got into later, but a lot of the songs are very personal, rough, artsy and great. Gethsemane Again, Zero She Flies ... man, those are among the best. And the stuff that's from the '70s is so '60s, I don't know whether Al was way ahead or way behind. Either way, this is one musician who needs to get a lot more credit than he has.  I guess to include the invaluable "Orange" on this collection would have taken another CD, but fortunately that's now available, too. It's hard to believe I can now listen to almost all of Al's songs on crystal clear CD, after so many years of tracking down albums from Japan, or listening to my worn-out cassettes. Buy it! Buy it now!!     