 First off, "New York Trilogy" is in my top 5 ALL TIME books. That said: This novel starts thus: 1.) A personal tragedy befalls the narrator, which leaves him suddenly rich and able to do whatever he wants (a la Music of Chance). 2.) He's a writer, with some emotional trouble that forces him into an isolated, book-surrounded existence (New York Trilogy, Moon Palace), but for no real reason, he is particularly taken with bringing to light the forgotten works of a dead artist (Locked Room), so he creates a work on this person, 3.) But he receives a mysterious phone call (or letter in this book) that indicates this artist isn't really dead! (City of Glass), so he's surprised, because it... 3.) Leads him to uncover the mystery in the desert (Moon Palace), 4.) Led by a mysterious loner women who acts as a spokesperson for the mystery man, with whom he promptly hooks up (City of Glass, Moon Palace, etc....) 5.) Then there are strange parallels to the narrator's own life, along with snazzy literary and historical coincidences (any Auster book) that make him connect everything back to his own life and some French book he's translating ... etc. (Add your classic Auster cliche here -- probably more from the books I haven't read). And so on. You can see where it's going. But the days of Auster's taut spellbinders appear to be over. The story kicks off with the standard mysterious contact from a dead person, then drag on for 30, 40 pages at a time describing plots and stories for movies and books that never actually existed. In this case, it's a silent screen star who "never added anything" to the genre. Too bad, you get 25 or more pages of description of basically Charlie Chaplin movies that never actually existed.  Skim through as best you can to see if the story starts up again. And it does, except the hero is emotionally messed up (but, of course, with insanely perceptive intellectual abilities intact), and then it's back to an A-to-Z biography of the guy that our guy is studying, although he still has to go find the guy, which we already know he will, and we know way in advande that he'll be banging the spokesgirl who shows up to convince him to uncover the mystery (even the sex scenes are like dorky Penthouse paraphrases).  Between the draining 10 or 30 page asides about Chateaubriande's autobiography (huh? relevance?) and unconvincing feelings about the hero's family going down in a plane crash, there is a story.  Now I have to say, I put this down 80 pages from the end. I don't often do this, but from this point, there's nothing I really want to know. I'm not interested in any of the characters, I dread any more labored movie abstracts that are not only non-existent, but totally banal, I just ... I just don't care about this book. There is no suspense, no resolution to motivate me. Do they all die? No one dies? Just don't care. Hey Paul, how 'bout a good story? This book has so many stories described, instead of shown. Ditch all the spooky, troubled narrators and bust out a good yarn like in the old days!     