 First off, "City of Glass" is in my "top 10 of the century" books. This novel starts thus: 1.) A sudden death in the narrator's family leaves him suddenly rich and free to do anything he wants (a la Music of Chance). 2.) He's a literary type with antisocial hangups and an isolated book-surrounded existence (Music of Chance, NY Trilogy), and with nothing better to do, he devotes himself to bringing out some unknown dead artist's work (Locked Room). 3.) But surprise! He receives a mysterious message that the artist is not really dead (Locked Room). At first he ignores the message (City of Glass), but puts aside everything else to solve the mystery, albeit in an emotionally messed-up, reluctant fashion (City of Glass, Moon Palace, etc.). 4.) The message bearer is a mysterious loner woman (NY Trilogy, etc.) with whom he promptly hooks up in a dysfunctional but apparently gratifying way, 5.) Knowing he has to travel to the desert to get the facts (Moon Palace), 6.) And noting all sorts of snazzy literary and historical parallels between his life and the subject's, and some French book he's translating ... etc. (add your classic Auster cliche here). And so on. Auster's days of taut spellbinders appears to be over. Once the story kicks off in a way you feel as though you've already read, it goes onto the back burner and the book drags on for 30, 40 pages at a time, describing plots and stories for movies and books that never actually existed. In this case, it's a silent screen star who "never added anything" to the genre. No matter, you get to read dozens of pages of what are basically Charlie Chaplin movies with subtle, but uncompelling twists. Skim the first 50+ pages to see if the story ever comes back. It does briefly, but then it's back to an A-to-Z biography of the star that our narrator is seeking. We know way in advance that he'll find the guy, so the buildup gets tedious. And we know he'll be banging the female message bringer, true to form, but even the sex scenes are like dorky Penthouse paraphrases. Then there are the draining asides about some Chateaubriande's autobiography to further slow the pace, and occasional mawkish descriptions of the narrator's family going down in a plane crash.  I have to say here that I put this book down about 60 pages from the end. I don't often do this, but there's nothing I want to know from this point. I might read the last couple pages to find out what happens, but I'm not interested in any of the characters, and I dread any more banal belabored movie abstracts. I just don't care about this book. There's no suspense, no resolution to motivate me. Do they all die? No one dies? The movies get destroyed? Famous? Doesn't matter. Hey Paul, how about a good story? This book has several stories described instead of shown. How about ditching all the spooky troubled narrators and lay a story out raw like in the old days?     