 I should say that I've read nothing else by this author, and none of the other reviews listed here (I'll do that later). Between what we read of the war in Iraq and elsewhere according to the Bush spin, and the windy, footnoted mea culpa-type "we brought it on ourselves" books on terrorism, this book brings to light many, many facts and things you may not have considered. It defines a lot of the reasons terrorists that do what they do, that America does what it does -- and it never gets into name-calling. Dump those Chomsky and Coulter propaganda flash-in-the-pans. They look like circus barkers compared to this guy. If you've got questions (and who doesn't) about: * What did America do to become a terrorist target? * What should we do now? * Are we an empire or what? What does that entail? Than you better read this book. So much of this post-911 literature is so predictable just from the back cover excerpts, but this book really surprised me. The author is obviously very literate, but has the unique distinction of actually having served as an officer in the military, but without being some kind of knee-jerk, Pattonesque patriot. He is very even-handed, and writes with a refreshing style that keeps you reading. With most books, I can put a little pencil mark on half the statements someone makes, with a "unverifiable", "hearsay", "propaganda only" or such. I did a few here, too -- don't get me wrong -- but so often Peters confronts my objection in the very next argument.  Peters early on advocates an "extraterrestrial" view, in the original meaning of "outside earth" to take a look at who's doing what and what's going on. No "Bush is the Antichrist" or "Bush is God" or, in fact, much naming of presidents or people at all. No "Bowling movie" to sell, no talk show -- Peters is the old-fashioned, pre-pundit, experienced analyst telling you how he sees it. I don't necessarily agree with everything in this book, but for straight historical, political and military knowledge, those academic tomes look like ill-informed propaganda. I didn't come away with any "pro war" or "pro Republican" or whatever impression from this book, although, since it was written by a military man, you can't expect too much "let's all love each other" content. He takes down a lot of the same "peacekeeping" and "liberating" US missions as the rest of them, but man, does he do it better. This is a collection of essays, and some of them were written before 9-11, but read like they came out yesterday. Can't say that with most terrorism books.  For my money, this is the best book going on the whole America-versus-the-world books. Maybe he's written other stuff that discredits my opinion, but I withhold that decision until I actually read it.     