 First of all, it's important to point out what "unauthorized" means.  The producers of these documentaries have no legal right to use any Stones music; nor do the Stones themselves participate (with the exception of ex-Stone Mick Taylor).  A generic Brown-Sugar sound-alike riff has been substituted as background music, but that's all you get.   There are five 50-minute programs, one per disc.  The concept of one disc for the 60s, one for the 70s, and so on, does not make much sense, as 80% of the Stones history took place in the 60s.  So the first disc rushes through all the great albums, the busts, the trials, the concerts, and Altamont, in a breathless 50 minutes.  It's guaranteed that if you've read even one book about the Stones, or watched the excellent "25 x 5" documentary, you won't learn anything new. By the same token, how much is there to say about the Stones in the 1980s?  Three albums, Mick and Keith's feud, the solo albums... they manage to fill up the time, but so what?  Again, nothing new here.  It will be interesting to see what they come up with for the 90s --- two albums, two tours, the retirement of Bill Wyman... to say nothing of the 00's --- one tour, one greatest hits album...   For the hardcore Stones buff, there are a few bits and pieces that are worthy of note.  Mick Taylor, Anita Pallenberg, Billy Preston, Bernard Fowler, and several other musicians are interviewed.  There are clips of the Boys Themselves speaking (not singing, of course); but nothing that hasn't been shown before. So far the Stones have not shown much interest in releasing high quality product on DVD.  We've got the last three tours (Live at the Max, Voodoo Lounge, Bridges to Babylon), all of which have gone out of print.  Presumably there is no interest in releasing the Hyde Park footage (as this was never released in the US, the Stones probably feel it's not a good performance --- and it isn't that great); but it would be nice to have the definitive "25 x 5", and the delightful "Video Rewind".  There must be a great deal of archival material that's worth editing and releasing, so hopefully the Stones will take advantage of that and issue some of the quality material.   My advice:  unless you're the hardest of hardcore buffs, this set is not worth your time.  Dig up a copy of "25 x 5" while you're waiting for Stones, Inc. to realize there are millions made by issuing quality Stones DVDs.     