 Even before I finished this marvelous, utterly engrossing novel, I started to miss it, knowing that it would end soon.  The characters were three-dimensional and completely believable, and the story --- for all that it's a comedy of manners --- packs more suspense than the vast majority of thrillers, and drives to a fascinating conclusion.  This is the first time I've read Tom Wolfe.  I am also over 50 years old.  These facts may help explain my enthusiasm for this book; apparently younger readers have more mixed views.  While I don't regard this as an absolutely accurate portrait of modern college life, it rings true in many of its brilliant characterizations, and it's a safe bet that a great deal of it is true.  I found Charlotte to be utterly charming, in her naivete, her as-yet-undirected brilliance, and the forces around her that ultimately force her to discard some of her illusions in order to survive.  All of us have to do that at some point in our lives.  She reminds me of Voltaire's Candide, the wide-eyed innocent in a sinister and conniving world, and her loneliness and need to belong, somehow, somewhere, touched me deeply.  My college experience was nothing like this.  Not only did I graduate thirty years ago, but I grew up in a big city and attended school there.  My parents and friends were in the same city.  My social life was almost entirely off campus.  I never met a football player or a fraternity member.  I knew those things existed but they might just as well have been in another universe.  I did make several friends in class and shared a kind of "life of the mind" --- the intellectual nirvana that Charlotte Simmons seeks --- but my life was primarily outside school.  Still, I can identify with being alone in a crowd, trying to find somewhere to fit in, trying to establish an identity ... and to me, that quest is ultimately what this book is about.  Charlotte gets part way there, at the cost of her innocence.  But we all pay a price for learning, one way or another.     