 I can't think of any novel quite like this one.  Its dense plotting, with its torrent of bizarre supernatural concepts and hastily sketched characters, is often blindingly difficult to follow, and there were times when I looked forward to ending the book.    However, once I did finish, something almost unique happened:  I had a genuine emotional response.  This is particularly rare in fantasy.  I don't read much of the genre because it's hard to find good, original writing and ideas that aren't derived from Tolkien.  But this story ultimately produces a profound emotional impact, and while I may quibble with Erikson's obscure concepts and welter of detail, I can't deny his ability to make us care.  That is quite an achievement.  This second volume in Erikson's mammoth "Malazan Book of the Fallen" does not pick where the first volume left off.  With these exception of three characters from "Gardens of the Moon", you'll have to wait for the third volume, "Memories of Ice", to find out what happens next.  But don't skip this one.  Erikson is slowly revealing an almost impossibly bizarre world, one that is much closer to Greek mythology than the Celtic-derived world of Tolkien, and you'll miss important information that's revealed in this second book.  Gods and goddesses, immortals and demigods populate the narrative along with the mortal/human characters.  The gods squabble and meddle in human affairs, much as in the Iliad and the Odyssey, which are clearly Erikson's models.  It's like a mixture of Homer and H. P. Lovecraft, with perhaps a dash of A. E. Van Vogt, David Wingrove, and George R. R. Martin, but it's all uniquely Erikson and uniquely weird, easily repaying the effort it takes to make the journey.  Don't worry about trying to understand everything that's going on.  You can't.  Just sit back and enjoy the ride, and as you get into the third volume, more will become clear.  (And things will keep on getting weirder.)  If you're looking for something to get lost in for a long while, this should fill the bill.     