 I saw "Apocalypse Now" twice in 1979, during its first theatrical run.  Parts of it impressed me, parts of it seemed incoherent (particularly the final sequence).  I always thought of it as flawed, until I saw this new extended cut. I can't think of a movie I've enjoyed more in the last year --- and I watch a LOT of movies.  The additional footage does improve the film, although the dinner scene could have been trimmed a bit.  Still, so many ideas were tossed around during this part that I'm looking forward to watching it again to soak in every detail of the dialogue. "Apocalypse Now" will never be a movie for all tastes.  There's too much symbolism for some viewers, and to be sure, plenty of violence (what do you expect in a war picture?).  For me, this epic has grown on me over the years and gets better with repeated viewings; the new footage amplifies and enhances it, and some bits make more sense.  I highly recommend it. As to the DVD:  3 hours and 20 minutes is long enough.  I have stacks of others DVDs to watch.  I don't have TIME to listen to a commentary track.  I'd rather rent "Hearts of Darkness" or read a book about it (although it would have been a nifty idea to include the documentary in a two-disc set... with a heftier price tag, of course).   The remixed Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is excellent.  This is the first time I've seen my dogs dart around the room, trying to figure out where those helicopter sounds at the beginning are coming from. There was some controversy over the original DVD release; apparently the aspect ratio used was different from the theatrical release.  Although the picture was shot in widescreen, it's presented here in 1.85:1; my guess is that the new cut was projected this way and that's why it was transferred like that.  (It is an anamorphic picture.)  In many theaters widescreen films are projected flat because the screens aren't wide enough for the actual film aspect ratio --- even in the theater, you don't always get the "theatrical" aspect ratio... Bottom line:  if you like this movie at all, even part of it, at least rent "Redux" and see more of Coppola' vision of wartime hell.  You won't regret it.     