 I've been trying to collect the entire Babylon 5 series since 1997, when it was only available on tapes, through a subscription to a club.  Warner was impressed by the sales and began releasing them commercially on tape and laserdisc, only to stop almost halfway through when DVD rumors caused sales to plummet.  Now, at last, my dream given form... an entire season of my favorite televison series, in a full-season box!  Will I live long enough to see the other four seasons issued?  One can hope... This DVD box offers more than any of the previous releases.  These are brand-new transfers; for the first time the widescreen prints are available (a big plus to owners of widescreen TVs, like me).  The sound has been remixed in Dolby Digital 5.1, with a subwoofer channel that had me leaping across the room to turn it down before my windows shattered.  Superb picture and video... and I haven't got to the extras yet.   Since Babylon 5 is more of a novel-for-television than a series, you really need to watch every episode in order to fully appreciate the story.  The first season has rough edges, as the show's producers and writers figured out what worked and what didn't work.  The best part of these shows is the performance of Michael O'Hare as Commander Sinclair.  O'Hare's persona doesn't seem to work that well as a an action hero (which may have something to do with why he was replaced), but as O'Hare finds his way around the character he develops Sinclair into a profoundly spiritual leader, with a depth and breadth that's virtually without parallel in American television.  This is a process that fits in well with later events in the story... and this is what makes B5 so unique: the characters change.   I like Star Trek and the X-Files, but I like Babylon 5 better because the characters actually develop and change in response to their experiences.  This makes the story more realistic and dramatic and less like ordinary TV.  Compare G'Kar in the first episodes of the opening season with G'Kar in Season 3, and Season 4, and Season 5... and you'll see a real masterpiece of acting, as the character becomes so much more than one could imagine after watching the first few episodes. So, start here, and be prepared to watch each episode more than once, as the best shows are packed with rich details that yield greater meaning when you know how things turn out in the end...  B5 is never predictable.  It will surprise you.     