 "This country is still growing up. Some diseases it's better to get while you're still young." (Maximilian Berkowicz) Perhaps it's inevitable that the definitive American gangster film would be made by a European. Sergio Leone, the Italian director whose Westerns "Fistful of Dollars", "For a Few Dollars More," and "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly," redefined the Western and catapulted Clint Eastwood to stardom, here produces his masterpiece. This is a powerful epic that not only gives a new mythic dimension to the gangster film but adds a fresh perspective to the immigrant experience. Certainly this is not a film for all viewers (especially not younger viewers). Like any gangster film there is a great deal of violence. There are two rape scenes, one of which has been restored (gee, thanks) to its original length on the DVD, the tape and laserdisc cuts having been mercifully trimmed by about a minute. This scene is a legitimate part of the story, but it really doesn't need to go on so long. Unlike the Godfather films, where the characters are softened so that the audience can identify with them more easily (Mario Puzo was unhappy about this), Leone does not pull any punches. All the major characters show virtually no trace of morality. The bleak world depicted here is an extension of the brutal, lawless West seen in Leone's "Dollars" films, although it seems harsher here, perhaps because it lies closer in time and place to our own reality. So why do I admire this film so much? Because, violence aside, it's more powerful and compelling viewing than most films of the last twenty years. It's gritty, absorbing, fast-paced storytelling, a complex web of lust, greed, and betrayal across 50 years, of wealth lost and gained, and of two friends who ultimately achieve some understanding of what's valuable and what is not. The reconstruction of early 20th century New York is visually stunning, but this is almost incidental to the richly detailed performances of the five child actors who play the young gangsters-in-training. As they become adults, and the story is blended with Prohibition and the growth of the labor movement, this film gives us a harsh, quick-cut view of a nation in the throes of growing pains. (The quote above seems to me to contain the heart of what the movie is about.)  At close to four hours, it's probably best to watch discs one and two on consecutive evenings. (I've always watched it that way, since I first rented the tape 20 years ago). You may find the first fifteen minutes confusing, as the flashback structure is complex, but relax --- it all makes sense. Try watching the beginning again after you've finished the picture. If strong violence makes you at all uncomfortable, by all means give this movie a pass. However, if you liked Goodfellas or Scarface, you should find Once Upon a Time in America a gripping, one-of-a-kind experience.     