 The Doc Savage sagas originally appeared between 1933 and 1949 in a monthly magazine, featuring one novel a month.  In 1965, Bantam Books began reprinting the series in a set of distinctive paperbacks; in 1990, they published the last of the 182 original stories, and issued a few new books.  After that, interest in the character appears to have faded out.  Now e-publisher Blackmask is reprinting the series again, two to a volume.  (The later stories are much shorter and will probably appear four or five to a volume.)  For the first time, Blackmask is presenting the pulp magazine covers and interior illustrations, and has reset the type so that it's easier to read than the old Bantam paperbacks.  A few minor flaws in these editions: the paragraph indents are too small, making the left margin look ragged; chapter titles sometimes appear at the bottom of a page, with the text on the next page, and periodically there are inexplicable extra blank lines added.  Most folks will likely not care much about this; the paper is of high quality and the books are a trade paperback size that is an improvement over the small Bantam paperbacks.  But... nothing will ever surpass those Bantam covers.  It was the covers that snagged me in 1965, when I was eleven years old, and it was the covers that kept me coming back every once in a while for more.  Ideally, collectors will want the Bantams for the covers, and these new editions for reading.  One other improvement: the stories are being republished in their original order.  Bantam reprinted them seemingly at random, so that the third story was published as #68.    I would give this five stars, except for the sloppiness in typesetting.  And, let's face it: Lester Dent, who wrote most of these "novels" at breakneck, assembly line speeds, is hardly the world's most skilled writer.  Lots of exclamation points!  When none are necessary!  The passive voice is used frequently (i.e., "several cigarettes were smoked by the criminals as the minutes passed").  The characters are stick figures and Doc Savage is so omniscient and omnipotent that no one has a chance against him.  Unlike Superman, who is at least vulnerable to kryptonite, Doc has no real weaknesses and is always one step ahead of his opponents.  So why do these stories work so well?  Despite his flaws as a writer, Dent had a certain vision.  If he'd had more time to polish his work, he might have been taken more seriously.  Could you crank out a 150-page novel every month and have any of it make sense?  Something has to happen on every page, in every paragraph.  Action, action, action... and it has to hang together.  Dent could do it, and he deserves some credit for making these stories, as camp and hokey as they sometimes are, so entertaining.     