 I'm still not sure exactly how to rate this book.  Once I got used to it, it wasn't hard to read, but you can't read it quickly.  A huge cast of characters (some of whom disappear and re-appear very abruptly) threatens to overwhelm the narrative.  Because there are so many people, there's no time to gift them with a back story or even describe them physically, so it's left up to the reader to fill in the blanks.    There's certainly plenty of action.  Things happen continuously, but again it's left up to the reader to puzzle out who's who.  The cast of characters and glossary are helpful, but one is in the front of the book and the other's in back, and you'll find yourself stopping to flip to the front, then to the back, just to get a hint of what might be going on.  This makes the reading process something of a chore.  I've started the second volume, "Deadhouse Gates", but it gets only more confusing, as very few of the characters from the first book are carried over, and you're left to puzzle out where/who/what/why on your own.  Writers shouldn't have to spell everything out, but how about a few clues (other than the glossaries)?    Several plot threads disappear as abruptly as the characters.  A mage named Hairlock is dying on the battlefield; another mage transfers his life force into a marionette (!) only to destroy him a few hundred pages later.  Why rescue Hairlock at all?  Perhaps Erikson doesn't know, either.    And that's just one example.  On the other hand, I did finish it and haven't given up on the second book quite yet, because Erikson's writing is strong and I'm still curious to see if he really knows what he's doing or whether he's just messing around.  It's hard to tell at this stage.  There's a wonderful weirdness to it all, but for me it would work much better if we knew something about the characters and Erikson wasn't going out of his way to be so obscure.  His writing has frequently compared to George R. R. Martin, but I'm certainly not looking forward to the rest of the series as I am with GRRM's work.  Martin is able to build a complex plot and world with richly developed characters, and it's all sparklingly clear, without spoon-feeding or repeating information.  Erikson seems to take pride in giving you as little information as possible, and is a much tougher challenge to read.     