 I haven't seen these episodes in about 15 years, so it took me one or two hours to get re-accustomed to the mid-80s style of TV.  Once the story gets rolling, however, I found that I enjoyed it as much as I remembered.  Ray Sharkey's performance is extraordinary. Like other reviewers here, I was waiting for "Nights in White Satin" in the last episode, and until I checked here, I was wondering if perhaps I remembered it wrong.  Well, it's a relief to find out my memory hasn't deteroriated yet.  However, it's a shame that music rights issues still cause so many problems. I wouldn't be too quick to blame the Moody Blues, or any other artist.  Very often the artists have nothing to do with these decisions.  Also, the producers very likely wanted to include the original songs, but the licensing demands may have made the cost of production prohibitive...yes?   In the last few years, especially since DVD was introduced, film and TV productions routinely negotiate the music rights at the time of production, so that it doesn't become an issue in future video releases.  Since this wasn't a practice in earlier days, we unfortunately get stuck with compromises like this one. Frankly, I always thought the use of "Nights in White Satin" was somewhat bizarre and incongruous, since it's such a romantic piece... but that's doubtless why I remember the original scene so well.  I guess I'm lucky that's the only change that I notice (it is pretty glaring). From what I've read it's not the creative people (like Stephen Cannell or the Moody Blues) who put up these roadblocks.  There are plenty of greedy "suits" who control the rights, and a director or producer may not be able to say "boo" to them.  (They're probably the kind of people Sonny Steelgrave hangs out with...) For me it's worth it to have these shows in my collection.  It's fun to revisit the days when a story "arc" was something new (it's become the rule today).  The writing and acting are first-rate, and as for the music... well, the original theme is still catchy!     