 Dune is one of the most popular science fiction novels, and with good reason.  If nothing else, it's ambitious; a complex plot draws on elements from ancient and medieval history as well as Islamic culture, blending ecology, politics, messianic religion and mysticism to create a long, sometimes engrossing, sometimes baffling tale of a young superhero who revolutionizes galactic civilization. The novel has several flaws; much of the mysticism is not luminously clear, and much of the dialogue is stilted.  Herbert's style is in the process of maturing here; it's a quirky and distinctive voice, and his writing is generally of high quality, but the pacing is uneven, and many readers will find the book difficult to get into.  (I started it seven times over a period of several years before it finally caught on for me; and Herbert himself admitted the book was not an easy start.)   With so many details involved in the story, it's not surprising that there are questions and plot holes.  Some readers may find the characters two-dimensional, and Paul Atreides, the hero, remains remote.  Still, Herbert deserves credit for tackling so many issues in the context of a science fiction adventure, and also for constructing what's basically a Van Vogt-style superman story whose central character is opaque, rather than the straight-up-and-down hero a more simplistic writer might have created. Many of Herbert's ideas don't fit comfortably into a single novel, even one of this length; I found that I came to enjoy both his writing style and his ideas as I read further books in the series.   This is a worthwhile book that deserves all the attention it's garnered, but many readers should expect to be patient and to make a certain effort to get used to Herbert's approach to storytelling.  The opening chapter is a stunner and immediately grabs your attention, but the book shifts gears after that and takes another fifty pages or so to pick up the pace.  But stick with it --- it's fascinating and rewarding.     