 John W. Campbell would have hated this novel. Campbell, the editor of Astounding SF magazine who published many of Silverberg's early work, and launched the careers of Isaac Asimov and Robert A. Heinlein, had a hard-and-fast rule that aliens and mutants must always be defeated by humans. No matter how powerful the creature, humans must win out. This caused him to reject a lot of great SF that probed gray areas --- what if there's something out there that (to quote Star Trek's "Errand of Mercy" episode) "are as far above us as we are above the amoeba." The Alien Years is about an invasion by aliens whose physical and technological superiority to humans is so great that they treat the conquered species with complete and utter contempt. They probe human minds only to learn how people can be put to work. They don't bother to speak to us. We never learn what they want, and despite numerous efforts at resistance, we are never able to achieve anything. Readers looking for a fast paced adventure story a la Campbell, in which humans triumph over the bug-eyed monsters, will be disappointed in The Alien Years. It's often engrossing, and Silverberg's luminous prose creates strong suspense, but many readers will feel cheated by the oblique ending (just as one of the main characters feels cheated by the end of H.G. Wells's War of the Worlds). This is a "fix-up" novel; that is, it's put together from a series of short stories published by Silverberg over the last 15 years, beginning with "Against Babylon" in 1986 and "The Pardoner's Tale" a few years later, followed in the late 1990s by several stories published in Science Fiction Age magazine. (Oddly the credits make no mention of the fact that much of this material has been previously published, albeit in different form.) This accounts for the episodic structure of the story, which covers a fifty-year period; in spite of this the pieces fit together well. My only criticisms are a lack of character development, and occasional sloppiness in the editing. (Silverberg has an annoying habit of adding "yes" to almost anything: i.e., "He was afraid, yes, but..."). Even the characters talk this way. Perhaps this is to be expected, yes, from an author in his 70s who has written more than 100 books, but some light editing could have weeded out some of those 'yeses'. Silverberg is a brilliant writer, yes, but The Alien Years is hardly his best work.  While I recommend it to those who are already fans, if you haven't read Silverberg before a stronger piece, such as "Dying Inside", "The Book of Skulls", or "Downward to the Earth" would be a better place to start.     