 This third entry in Steven Erikson's mammoth "Malazan Book of the Fallen" fantasy series is the best so far, despite being the longest.  Erikson's writing reads more smoothly and is more consistently absorbing than in the first two volumes ("Gardens of the Moon" and "Deadhouse Gates").    However, there are the usual challenges.  Erikson's plots are extremely complicated, and you need to pay close attention to follow what's happening.  In some cases, his ideas are so abstract and obscure even two or three readings won't make things clear.    The story is well-paced and comes to a shattering climax ... three quarters of the way through.  Then the action slows down for a few hundred pages before it builds again to an almost interminable final climax, in which things mentioned 800 pages earlier are suddenly brought back into play.  In fact, so much happens in the last 200 pages that my brain started to glaze over.  Erikson has little interest in politics or culture; his focus is metaphysics.  Most fantasy novels create an imaginary world; Erikson creates an imaginary reality.  There is no religion, as such, because everyone's gods are real, so there is no clash of incompatible belief systems.  Much of the story is like Greek myths, with rival gods scheming behind the scenes and using humans as their pawns.    Like SF writer A. E. Van Vogt, Erikson has a lot of Big Ideas, which he sometimes introduces in a clumsy fashion.  Fantasy buffs complain of other writers who explain things over and over again; Erikson is the opposite.  He hates to explain *anything*.  Still, I have to give this book four stars.  The utter weirdness of Erikson's reality is chilling, moody and often spellbinding, and there are powerful story elements, unusual for epic fantasy.  I couldn't finish a book of this extreme length unless it were exceptionally well written.  I just wish it weren't so perplexing.  Maybe the fourth and fifth books (available in England, with book six due in March 2006) will clear everything up...     