 First things first.  If you haven't read the previous books in this series, don't buy this one.  Don't even bother reading this review.  Check out the reviews for the first book and take it from there.  The stories in this volume contain so many references to characters and events developed in earlier books that some bits won't make sense unless you're well versed in Wild Card lore. Also, if you're a fan of George R. R. Martin's work in the Song of Ice and Fire stories, you should know that the Wild Cards series is nothing like that.  Martin does write a fair amount of material, particularly in the earlier volumes of the series, but this is a peculiar kind of science fiction without any of the elements that have made Ice and Fire so popular. Fans of the series may find this new book disappointing.  The theme is "deuces" --- wild cards with minor or even seemingly silly abilities --- and the stories are set in different time periods, from the late sixties till the present day.  Although the title page carries the usual "mosaic novel" tag, this is really an anthology of seven stories, and since there is no connecting narrative or sequence of events to tie the pieces together, the book lacks the impact of earlier volumes.  Part of the genius of the "mosaic novel" concept was the cumulative effect of several shorter pieces that fit smoothly into a greater whole, and that is noticeably absent here. That's not to say that there is isn't the usual fine writing.  I was particularly impressed by first time contributor David Abraham's story, which is touching, suspenseful, and moving.  John J. Miller provides a brilliant baseball story, and Melinda Snodgrass's Hollywood tale is enjoyable.  Kevin Andrew Murphy's piece is the weakest; although it bristles with fascinating ideas, the plot lumbers along and doesn't quite support the weight of the concepts.  Michael Cassutt's and Walton Simons's contributions are good, but not spectacular; and Stephen Leigh's story is slightly below par for him. Of course this is essential reading, but not quite up to the standard set by earlier books, particularly Volumes 1-7.  It would have been more satisfying if the stories had been connected in some way to provide the extra punch of the "mosaic novel."     