 Since I purchased a Super Audio CD player (SACD) about six months ago, I've been disappointed by most of the surround sound mixes I've heard.  It's true that remixing a recording that was originally prepared for two-channel stereo into 5.1 surround does create a different performance.  So?  The original stereo mix is still available (and with the two-layer "hybrid" format used here, it's readily accessible).  As a result, most multi-channel mixes are fairly timid, placing the voice in the center speaker and perhaps daintily tossing a few stray ambient sounds into the rear speakers.  When I buy a SACD, I want to hear something daring, something adventurous, in other words... something I haven't heard before.    On this new mix of "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road",  the producer has pulled out all the stops and created a powerful, knock-your-socks-off reinterpretation that really deserves to be called "surround sound."  Bold, vibrant music surges into all five speakers from the opening organ notes of "Funeral For A Friend", and the action never lets up until the last note of "Harmony."    This demonstrates the advantages and disadvantages of surround sound re-mixes.  On the plus side, you hear details that were buried before; backing vocals, guitar parts, and other dynamics leap out at you.  This was always a lush recording, but you can now appreciate some of the ingredients more fully.  The downside, of course, is that some passages sound quite different from what you're used to.  The opening of "I've Seen That Movie, Too," for example, is almost unrecognizable, as the guitars are much more prominent and even threaten to drown out Elton's piano.  Perhaps the producer went a bit too far... but the original stereo mix is right there (and plays on SACD or ordinary audio CD players).  "Yellow Brick Road" has been released several times on CD but it's never sounded this good.  (We're back, however, to the two-disc format of the first CD issue.)    If you have a surround sound system, don't even think about it.  Buy this disc.  If you have a regular stereo CD and just need a copy of this record, this is the edition to get.    The DVD contains a 50 minute "making of" program that's fascinating and adds to the value of the package which is admittedly steep.  Take note, however, that a more complete version of this video, running to 90 minutes, has been previously released separately on DVD, and the additional 40 minutes are well worth seeing.  (I never realized that Nigel Olsson, Davy Johnstone, and Dee Murray did most of the backing vocals; their three-part harmonies rival anything by CSN.)  Note:  This release is now available on DVD-Audio.  This contains the same surround-sound mix as the SACD.  DVD-Audio, with its greater storage capacity, is a single-disc release.  The SACD, by contrast, is a two-disc set; however, unlike DVD-Audio, SACD can be copied onto ordinary CDs for car or portable stereo.  Sound quality is virtually the same for both formats.     