 Five years ago, I began collecting the 2-episode Star Trek discs.  The video and audio were superb and Star Trek has never looked or sounded better.  I eagerly awaited each new release, and it seemed to take forever for Paramount to issue the entire series.  But at last, after three years, I had all 40 discs.    By then, this method of releasing TV episodes seemed like, well, "stone knives and bear skins."  Everybody else was doing season boxes and this had become the norm.  (A notorious exception is the original Twilight Zone, which ran to 43 discs, later collected into five box sets, but in random order, seasons mixed together, etc.)  Wouldn't it have been nice if I could have saved all that money and shelf space?  Oh, well...  NOW they put out season boxes.  Gee, thanks guys.  Too bad I can't get a trade-in on the old ones.  But, let's look at the bright side.  I loved watching these episodes again, in vivid color and Dolby Digital 5.1 audio, and I enjoyed the anticipation of waiting for the next pair of discs to come out.    For those of you who didn't buy the old discs, you're in luck.  This new set is the same transfer, but I don't think it could get any better.  You do get a few extra features that didn't appear on the old discs (which included only the old trailers), but let's face it --- there are only about 10,000 books on Star Trek if you want background material.  It would have been nice if they'd included the blooper reel.  The only real gripe I have is that the boxes will show the episodes in broadcast order, as opposed to production order, as in the old 2-episode discs.  Having watched all of these shows dozens of times over the years, I can assure you that it makes a big difference watching them in the order they were made.  The character development is much smoother and makes more sense.  You also don't have such inconsistencies as Dr. McCoy suddenly disappearing in mid-season for the pilot "Where No Man Has Gone Before" --- to say nothing of the uniform differences.    But, hey, it's not a perfect world.     