 The Shark Infested Custard by Charles Willeford is hard to categorize, even harder to review and impossible to forget. It's about four young men who are the best of friends.  Four average guys who happen to be extremely shallow, selfish and misogynistic.  To put it more bluntly, they're sleazeballs pure and simple.   Most of the action takes place in Miami.  It's the 1970's. Larry is an ex-cop, Hank a pharmaceutical detail man, Eddie a pilot, and Don a silverware salesman.  All four are tenants of Dade Towers, a singles only apartment complex.  Life for them could not be better, especially when it comes to having plenty of promiscuous sex. Willeford divides the novel into four parts. Part I is narrated by Larry.  In it, Hank makes a knuckleheaded bet with the other three.  He stands to win $60 if he can pick up a woman at a drive-in movie. What starts out as a comic romp turns to tragedy as two people wind up dead before the night is through. (As an aside, this part of The Shark Infested Custard  has since been republished as a stand alone short story entitled Saturday Night Special in a Willeford collection called The Second Half of the Double Feature, 2003). Hank narrates Part II.  He describes an ill fated affair he has with a mystery woman named Miss Jannaire.  It's wickedly funny, and like Part I, has a killing in it. And there's an unexpected twist at the end which Alfred Hitchcock would appreciate. For Part III, Willeford goes to a third person narration.  By this time, Larry and Hank have moved out of state for career advancement.  Eddie is shacked up with a rich widow who bores him to tears and Don has moved back to the suburbs to be with his wife, a woman he detests with a passion.  This portion of the book is primarily about a harebrained scheme Don has developed to escape from his spouse. In Part IV, the narration is once again provided by Larry.  The Four Musketeers have been reunited and they celebrate their friendship and their overall good fortune.  But there's a shocking ending which will leave you slack-jawed. No one writes like Charles Willeford.  The Shark Infested Custard is filled with riotously funny observations presented in deadpan fashion.  The four main characters are truly remarkable literary creations.  I think it's their complete and utter ordinariness that makes their selfish, antisocial behavior all the more disturbing. This is a book like no other.  Funny and shocking at the same time.  Read The Shark Infested Custard.  I can guarantee you will not be bored.      