 The Incumbent by Brian McGrory is a complete joy to read.  Not only is it fast paced and suspenseful, but it is written with a healthy dose of good natured humor.  Example: A female FBI agent who is particularly "bewitching" is named Samantha Stevens.  The very likeable Jack Flynn is the novel's protagonist and narrator.  He's a newspaper reporter who early in the narrative is wounded in the crossfire of a failed presidential assassination.  The identity and motive of the would be assassin, immediately killed by the Secret Service, is a complete mystery.  As Jack works feverishly to find out the real story behind the shooting, he runs into a number of obstacles, most of them put in place by the government itself.  The incumbent of the book's title is President Clayton Hutchins, a man who has risen to the office of Commander-in-Chief without ever having been part of a nationally elected ticket.  Because of this unusual circumstance, he has never been fully vetted by the press and therefore could harbor some very dark secrets.  Could something like that happen in real life?  Well no, of course not.  But within the fictionalized world McGrory has created in this book, it makes sense.  I hate being a quibbler but there are two minor mistakes that bothered me.  In chapter 9, Jack is boarding a plane on the west coast at 9 a.m. when he receives a text message on his pager from a colleague in Washington, DC.  On reading the message, Jack comments to himself that it is only 6 a.m. in Washington.  Please correct me if I'm wrong, but if it's 9 a.m. on the west coast, isn't it 12 noon in Washington, not 6 a.m.?  It had already been established that Jack is a sophisticated traveler, acutely aware of time zone differences because of newspaper deadlines.  He'd have never made a 6 hour miscalculation like that.  And in chapter 17, as someone has already pointed out, McGrory has Jack exiting National Airport looking for a cab.  Two pages later he has Jack driving away from the same airport in his own car.  These are unfortunate glitches which are surprising to find in a book that is otherwise well edited.  Nevertheless, I highly recommend The Incumbent. I found it to be a deftly plotted political thriller, satisfying and full of wit.  I look forward to reading other books by Brian McGrory.     