 In the course of a very interesting and experience rich life, Charles Willeford wrote many works of fiction. I've read most of the ones that are available to the general public and have been very impressed by his writing.  Iconoclastic, original, unflinching, unsentimental and nonjudgemental are just a few of the adjectives I would use to describe Willeford's very distinctive brand of story telling.  Pick-Up is no exception.  But this is a very strange book even for Willeford. I think the strangeness derives from the fact that Pick-Up is really two different books contained within a single cover.  The first half describes in raw, realistic detail the hopeless, despairing and desperate, lives of a man and a woman, both alcoholics, barely surviving in post World War II San Francisco. Hard hitting and unapologetic, this is the best part of Pick-Up. Then, about half way through, a completely different novel emerges. The second half of the book consists of one man's account of his first hand experience with the criminal justice system.  And by that I mean jail, the courts and forensic psychiatry. Except that the criminal justice system as described here bears little resemblance to any such system found in the United States or anyplace else.  People, places and events in this part of the book are presented in a surrealistic fashion.  A jarring departure from the book's very authentic first half. Also, the ironic humor which characterizes most of Willeford's other novels is missing from this work.  I say that not as a criticism but rather as a warning to potential readers who, seeing Willeford's name on the cover, may be expecting some good laughs. No, Pick-Up is not that kind of book. Humor would definitely be out of place. Fans of Charles Willeford will enjoy this book, as I did.  People who are not yet familiar with his work would be better served by first reading a few of his other novels and the short stories contained in The Machine in Ward Eleven. It's easier to appreciate Pick-Up by being able to view it in context, as part of Willeford's overall literary output.     