 (Note: This is a review of the 1968 hardcover edition of The Simple Art of Murder published by W.W. Norton & Co.  There are major differences between this edition and the Black Lizard paperback depicted above.  Most significantly, the 1968 version contains 4 stories the Black Lizard paperback does not.)  The Simple Art of Murder is a collection of author favorites culled from short works of crime fiction by the legendary Raymond Chandler.  The title, The Simple Art of Murder, is the same as that of an essay Chandler wrote in 1945.  That essay, which can be found in this book, is a distillation of the author's views on the contemporary state of detective fiction, its future and its limitations.  Whether you agree or disagree with the conclusions it presents, you will find it highly valuable reading, as it explains why and how Chandler wrote as he did.  All twelve stories (remember, this is the 1968 edition) are good and some are great.  Though one of them, Goldfish, takes place mostly in Washington State, they all bring to life the dark, grittiness of Los Angeles' criminal netherworld.  Finger Man, Goldfish, Red Wind and Trouble is My Business all feature the legendary private eye Phillip Marlowe.  These are the 4 stories missing from the Black Lizard edition.  Nevada Gas differs from the rest of the stories in this collection in that the main character is not an investigator but rather a gambler named Johnny De Ruse.  Except for the gentlemanly Walter Gage (Pearls are a Nuisance) all the protagonists of the remaining non-Marlowe stories are very Marlowe-like in personality.  In fact, Johnny Dalmas (Smart-Aleck Kill) seems to differ from Phillip Marlowe in name only.  One of the best stories in The Simple Art Murder is Pick-Up on Noon Street.  In it, Pete Anglisch, a narcotics detective deep undercover, rescues a vulnerable young woman caught up in a complex blackmail scheme.  The captivating Red Wind is also very strongly written.  Just like the Phillip Marlowe novels which brought Chandler his well deserved fame, these hardboiled shorter works are characterized by great dialogue and very effective descriptive passages.  Reading this collection gives one an appreciation for the intelligence and craftsmanship Raymond Chandler applied to his writing.  Highly recommended.     