 Retired cop Gunther Fahnstiel played only a bit part in Scott Phillips' first novel, The Ice Harvest; a sensational example of noir crime writing featuring a narrative that unfolds in the Wichita of 1979.  But in Phillips' second novel, The Walkaway, Gunther is front and center. This fascinating gem of a book is set in the Wichita of 1989, but with frequent extended flashbacks to 1952.  So, The Walkaway has the distinction of being both a sequel and a prequel to The Ice Harvest.  The Walkaway has a decidedly complex structure.  Not only does the time frame repeatedly jump back and forth between 1989 and 1952, but the identity of the narrator keeps changing as well.  In the hands of a less talented novelist, this would result in a chaotic hodgepodge.  But Scott Phillips really knows what he's doing.  The unconventional construction allows the reader to put the pieces of the various plot threads together and have plenty of fun while doing so.  There's a lot going on in this book.  When Gunther, now 77 years old, wanders away from his nursing home, his memory impaired mind dredges up thoughts of Sally Ogden, a girlfriend from the distant past.  Sally worked for Collins Aircraft, a local defense contractor.  But in her spare time, she was known to supplement her income by hostessing sex parties.  Unbeknownst to Sally, her estranged husband Wayne, an Army master sergeant last stationed in Japan, returns to Wichita intent on wrecking her lucrative operation. As Gunther's concerned friends and family search for him in the Wichita of 1989, author Scott Phillips masterfully reveals what happened between Gunther, Sally and Wayne in the same city 37 years before.  The Walkaway is a very engaging black comedy that succeeds in presenting a largely unsentimental picture of life in middle America.  Its intricately crafted narrative is very effective as it relates a number of intertwined stories that span the decades.  Original in structure, uninhibited in content and deliciously cynical in its point of view, this book is a refreshing treat.  Highly recommended.     