 Joseph Hansen manages to fit a remarkable amount of storytelling in this relatively short novel.  Fadeout is the story of an intriguing investigation.  Yet it is so much more than that.  Seemingly without effort, Hansen also succeeds in giving the reader a very revealing look into the inner life of the investigator.  Fox Olson of Pima, California has disappeared and is presumed dead.  Mr. Olson is many things.  Husband, father, local radio personality, writer, painter and erstwhile politician. He also owns a $150,000 insurance policy from a company known as Medallion Life. Dave Brandstetter is a claims investigator for Medallion Life and it is his job to find out what really has happened to Fox Olson. As Brandstetter interviews the policyholder's family and acquaintances he learns that things are not as they appear.  The ostensibly happy life Fox Olson seemed to be enjoying was anything but that.    All is not well with Dave Brandstetter either.  You see, Dave is a homosexual and his life partner of more than 20 years has recently died of cancer.  Dave is just now trying to learn how to live again. In giving us the Dave Brandstetter character, Hansen has done a very remarkable thing, at least as far as detective fiction is concerned.  Though proudly gay, there is nothing about Dave that would lead anyone meeting him in a professional setting to suspect he is anything other than heterosexual.  His speech, his clothes, his mannerisms, everything about him speaks to a mainstream orientation.  But since the reader is aware of Dave's homosexuality, the way in which Hansen has him relate to women, other gays and homophobic individuals he encounters in the course of his work is quite interesting indeed.  Moreover, Hansen includes a number of scenes between Dave and the people in his own life which very tellingly expose the pain and anguish he carries within.    One cannot help but notice the similarities of Hansen's writing style in Fadeout to much of the work of Ross Macdonald.  Both writers use a highly descriptive type of prose that is very effective.  Both delight in exploring the geographic and sociologic diversity California has to offer.  Both make use of long held family secrets to provide key plot twists.  And both feature toughminded protagonists who steadfastly seek out the truth.  Fadeout is truly an impressive literary effort. Word for word, this book delivers as much value to the reader as any work of fiction out there.     