 No one could ever accuse Jim Thompson of playing it safe.  A Swell-Looking Babe contains material that many readers will find to be outside their comfort zone. To be more specific, the book has an underlying theme of Oedipal love which, in places, gets a bit graphic.  Much of the narrative takes place in the Manton Hotel. Bill "Dusty" Rhodes is the lone bellboy on the graveyard shift.  His dream of pursuing higher education has been put on hold because he has to work to support himself and his disabled father. Dusty's mother is deceased but her memory lives on in a  very unhealthy way in his mind.  One night a stunning woman, the swell-looking babe of the book's title, checks into the Manton.  Her name is Marcia Hillis and she reminds Dusty of dear old Mom.  Or could it be that it's not Marcia herself but rather it's the sensual response that Marcia arouses that makes Dusty think of his mother?  Rounding out the cast of characters are Bascom, the night desk clerk who may have a checkered past, and Tug Trowbridge, a crude racketeer who makes the Manton his home.    The plot is a cleverly crafted one with a number of unexpected twists.  Suffice it to say that a serious crime takes place with young Mr. Rhodes unwillingly playing a central role.  A Swell-Looking Babe is worthy of a 5 star rating for a number of reasons.  It has great dialogue.  Thompson has his characters speak in ways that are well nuanced and authentic sounding.  The narrative unfolds smoothly even though it is at times difficult to determine whether something is actually happening or merely being imagined by the main character, Dusty Rhodes.  Rather than detracting from the novel's effectiveness, this blurring of the border between the real and the surreal serves to enhance reader involvement. Moreover, Thompson does a great job of describing what it's like at night in a hotel whose best days are behind it.  Few writers would have dared to pursue the Oedipal theme to the extent that Jim Thompson did in this book.  In doing so, he took a risky path which will undoubtedly turn off some readers.  A Swell-Looking Babe is a fine example of Thompson at his iconoclastic best.  Well worth reading.     