 The Deceiver by Frederick Forsyth is a collection of four novellas all featuring Sam McCready, a veteran agent for the British Secret Intelligence Service.  It's the waning days of the cold war and the SIS has made the decision to scale down its field operations.  Consequently, McCready is targeted for early retirement.  As a colleague argues before the powers-that-be to allow Sam to stay on as an active operative, four of his most interesting cases are reviewed one by one.  Pride and Extreme Prejudice takes place in 1981.  Sam is handed the task of obtaining a top secret volume of classified military information from a high ranking Soviet army officer who is cooperating with the CIA.  The turnover is to be made in East Germany.  There's just one problem.  The West German agent Sam has hired to make the pick up is a desperate man who will surely bring the mission to a disasterous end.  A smartly told, suspenseful and satisfying tale of cold war intrigue.  The Price of the Bride also unfolds against the backdrop of the cold war.  A colonel in the KGB defects to the CIA choosing to do so on British soil.  As the compelling narative unfolds, doubts are raised as to the Russian's veracity.  Sam McCready is there to skillfully ferret out the truth while the plot twists and turns almost to the breaking point.  An intricate chess game of a story.  Novella number three is entitled A Casualty of War and takes place mostly on Cyprus.  It revolves around a sinister collaboration between Libya's Colonel Qaddafi and the IRA.  A series of terrorist attacks are to be carried out in England and McCready must act swiftly to prevent them from happening.  The detailed descriptions of how terrorists and counterterrorists ply their respective trades are quite fascinating.  And lastly, A Little Bit of Sunshine has McCready visiting a tiny British colonial outpost in the Carribean.  This novella differs from the other three in that it unfolds more as a whodunit with comic undertones than as a conventional spy story.  All in all, The Deceiver rates 4 stars.  Fans of international thrillers will doubtlessly derive considerable enjoyment from reading it.      