 Before reading this book, make sure you have a large blackboard and plenty of chalk. At least half a dozen different colors.  Because that's what you'll need to diagram out the plot of The Little Sister.  Keeping straight who's who and who did what to whom and why will give you plenty to do as you read and reread the pages of this Philip Marlowe mystery.  Now I know what you're going to say.  With Raymond Chandler, it's not about the story, it's about atmosphere.  True enough.  But I still have to believe that the reader's enjoyment is greatly enhanced if the writer has provided a coherent plot as a framework for displaying literary dexterity.  In other words, the story itself isn't all important, but it is somewhat important. As I see it, there are no less than four ways to view this novel. The first way is as a murder mystery. A young woman from Manhattan (Manhattan, Kansas that is) hires Marlowe to find her missing brother. His subsequent search does eventually locate the young man but not before a drunk and a grifter are both murdered with an ice pick to the vicinity of the medulla oblongata. What is the motive behind these grotesque slayings? The motive is the urgent need to find a particular photograph. A photograph that shows two people sitting down to dinner in a restaurant. I'm not kidding. The second way to view The Little Sister is as an affectionate sendup of noir crime writing in general and Dashiell Hammett's Maltese Falcon in particular. This might explain why the complications are endless and so very difficult to follow. Perhaps Chandler felt the need to exaggerate the number and degree of plot twists in order to make a satiric point. Thirdly, The Little Sister is a withering look at Hollywood and the recognizable types who dwell within.  Second rate actors, self important talent agents, ambitious starlets, jaded actresses and befuddled studio heads are all lampooned to one degree or another here.  I found this aspect of the book to be highly entertaining and would have liked to have seen it emphasized even more. And lastly, this book can be taken as a view into the mind of a man slowly losing his grip.  This Marlowe is world weary, tired.  He's lonely and exasperated.  Chandler has Marlowe questioning his own sanity for continuing to pursue his chosen profession. Marlowe's investigation takes him to many places in and near Los Angeles.  A seedy hotel, a rundown boarding house, the police station, and a working movie set to name only a few.  Chandler brilliantly describes all locales with an amount of detail that serves to set the exact mood he wants to convey.  Marlowe's steady output of cynical quips, some spoken, others only thought, are first rate and at times absolutely priceless.  It is a tribute to Chandler's originality, as well as his keen wit, that readers never tire of this ongoing patter. The Little Sister has a lot to recommend it. I just don't think one should have to work so hard to be able to follow a storyline.  And oh yes, be sure to read The Maltese Falcon first.     