 This off beat novel takes place in the segregated South of the 1950's.  In it, Charles Willeford tells the improbable tale of Sam Springer, aka Brother Deuteronomy.  For $20 cash, Springer simultaneously purchases both a certificate of ministerial ordination and an appointment as pastor of a 100% African-American church in Jacksonville, Florida. Two problems. First of all, Springer is a white man who by his own admission knows very little about black people.  Secondly, he is an atheist who knows and cares nothing about religion.  Despite these two handicaps, Brother Springer takes to his new found position like a fish to water.  Within a very short period of time, he organizes a citywide civil rights protest while also setting about the task of seducing the beautiful young wife of one of his congregants. That in a nutshell is the story of The Black Mass of Brother Springer. Charles Willeford loves to take on sacred cows. And in this book, he takes on the most sacred of all cows, religion itself. He also skewers segregationists and racists in general by comically revealing their warped sense of reality with their own words.  A fairly courageous thing to do in 1958, the year this book was originally published.  A time when the civil rights movement had barely begun. This novel has much in common with other works by Willeford.  It is funny, sometimes in a lighthearted way, sometimes in a very dark way.  It is extremely irreverent and at times it is quite disturbing, even shocking. It is not politically correct nor is it ever dull.  Willeford often likes to punctuate his fiction with sudden unexpected acts of violence. There's some of that here but it's minimal when compared to many of his other novels. James Sallis quotes the author in the book's introduction as to his secret for successful writing.  Willeford said that only when he stopped caring what others thought of his work was he able to write in earnest.  In other words, Willeford put down on paper only what he genuinely felt without regard to how the reader might perceive it.  Only by this means, he believed, would the truth have a chance of coming out. As mentioned before, there are disturbing aspects to this book.  To me the most disturbing is that there isn't a single African-American character who is not hoodwinked by Springer despite his being a very foolish man and an obvious charlatan.  I don't know why Willeford chose to write the book this way or whether he ever explained this choice in his 30 years of life after The Black Mass of Brother Springer was first published. Nevertheless, this is an unforgetable work which entertains while educating and challenging the reader.  Isn't that the very definition of great literature?     