 First I must say I am a big fan of the "rock opera". Things like  Stix "The Grand Elusion", The Who's "Tommy" and Pink  Floyd's "The Wall" are great works to me as well as things like  "Jesus Christ Superstar" and Zappa's "Joe's Garage". So  when I ran across "Grail" I was naturally going to pick it up. I  was not too sure what I was getting myself into when I got it. The rich  blue cover art with the symbol of the castle in the crystal was intriguing.  The tag line on the top is "The search is over" and the double  disc set matches the cover. The Story is set in the future with a battle  going on with Outerworld and Cityworld. Lance (our main character) is 10 at  the start. He's father is killed and he and his mother are taken to City  world and it is here we start our story. A magic crystal, crazy wise men,  and a family at war are thrown into play as this surprisingly complex story  is played out over the 36 tracks. Broken up into three parts it has  wonderful voices playing each part in the story. The Music is just great.  It is a bit like Stix goes Andrew Lloyd Webber with a bit of Elton John  thrown in to the mix. It has, as it should calling itself "the rock  MUSICAL of the future". About four songs that could stand outside of  the work. Tracks like "From the Wonder to the Dream" and  "Too soon, Too Late" are just fantastic. Most of the songs do  tend to ramble a bit with no repeating chorus that I can hear, but that  surprisingly does not take away form the enjoyment of the work. All the  music  is really good with giutar work and heavy percussion forming their  foundation. The Lyrics are wonderfully tight and advance the story at a  good pace. This piece is definitely where I would want to format of the  rock opera to go, but be warned that this piece is not something one can  just jump around in such as "The Wall" or "Tommy" the  songs to follow a narrative and do not try and cloak the story in any way.  I really enjoyed this work and hope that we see more form this talented  team of writers.     