 I was able to get a copy of this book early and I must say that it one of the best, most informative books on a radio show I have ever had the pleasure to read. It goes over so much of the behind the scenes and making of the show that one can not help but feel like an expert on the subject once done. The author also helps to snuff out a lot of the fan rumors that have always surrounded the show in the past. The back 2/3 of the book is dedicated to an episode-by-episode guide to the series. For most other series I find this kind of redundant .I mean why do I need to buy a book to read the plot of a show that I already own, but I Love A Mystery is not like other series. You probably already know this if you're a fan, but if you're not then let me give you a bit of history and a shock. I Love A Mystery was a popular "blood and thunder" type action adventure show on radio during the 1940's and 50's. It was written by one of the most prolific and respected radio writers of all time. It at times was very controversial (The Temple of Vampires), and all the time was very entertaining. It even was made into a series of B-movies. Almost 1500 episodes were aired in the double run. Here's the shocker. Less then 200 exist in complete form. It's sad really. So the fact that we have an episode-by-episode guide, not a story by story one is an amazing thing for us fans. The Morse estate keeps a strangle hold on the circulation of the original scripts, so for most of us this is the only way to know what the heck went on after chapter 11 of "The Pirate Loot of the Island of Skulls." We also can now pinpoint where that one fragment of "The Tropics Don't' Call It Murder " REALLY goes. As if a full creation and broadcast history and episode guide were not enough. We also get a lot of info on the other Morse series like "I Love Adventure", "Adventures by Morse", "House of Myth" and others.  Martin Grams, Jr has given us fans simply one of the best books ever about one of the greatest shows ever. Standing ovation to you sir!     