 Overy is more than a scholar; he is a deep thinker.  There is a world of difference.  "The Dictators" is a seminal work comparing how the two greatest dictators of all time exercised control over their political, economic, and military systems all while laying out the implications of this control.    It is the painstaking comparison, often paragraph-by-paragraph, that gives this work its magisterial quality.  But what really makes "The Dictators" work is how it builds on Overy's previous work, "Why the Allies Won," which assumed that the Allied victory was not a forgone conclusion in 1940 and asked, and answered, probing questions about comparative command structures, production economies, and capital sources.  Without this base, Overy's latest could have become just another book on Hitler and Stalin.  And a boring one at that.  With it, however, we get insights unavailable elsewhere.  Having studied Marxism, Leninism, and the Soviet Union for forty years, I was deeply impressed.  The next step in this line of scholarship is to put it in the context of falling information costs.  Wealth is created when increasing amounts of ever cheaper information can be substituted for other resources like land, labor, and capital.  "The Dictators" describes how Hitler and Stalin did the opposite, systematically lowering the cost of information or themselves and raising it for everyone else.  Following Overy's reasoning in "Why the Allies Won" the question is, absenting world war, was the Dictator system sustainable?  If so, for how long?  This question is critical to understanding the future of China as it tries to contain falling information costs and keep some semblance of Party leadership.  And critical to us in trying to manage our relationship with China.  Next book Mr. Overy?  Editing: Five Stars.  Comparing two systems across so many functions page-by-page and often paragraph-by paragraph can quickly become unwieldy and most would advise strongly against it.  Better to keep each leader to his own chapter.  But Overy carries this off and his editor wisely let him proceed.  Copy Editing: Five Stars     