 Brian De Palma and Tome Cruise is a pretty good formula for a successful film. If you throw in the fact that it's a clasic TV show with Oscar caliber writers then you have a sure fire hit. Mission Impossible is that and is one of the better spy movies to have come out in recent years.  Ethan Hunt(Cruise) is an IMF agent. He's good at what he does and likes it. He's on a mission in Prague led by his mentor and friend Jim Phelps(Voight). The mission goes all wrong and the whole team is murdered except for Ethan. He escapes death and goes to the CIA for help in Kittridge(Czerny).  Kittridge quickly informs Ethan on how the misson was a whole set up to see who the mole in IMF was. Ethan takes the blame and is disenbowed. He is now on the run trying to find out who framed him and to see if he can stop them in time.  Tom Cruise is a perfect fit for Ethan Hunt. I've seen a little bit of the classic spy show and Cruise is the man. I can't picture anybody else playing the character. This is a fun character for Cruise in what I feel is one of his more fun movies. He gets caught up in dramas and people really forget what kind of action star this guy is. You have to love a leading man that does his own stunts and Cruise work is incredible. The bullet trains sequence is awesome. The instant classic though is what he does in the vault supended from the rope on the pulley system. He had a lot of faith in this movie and the character and even helped produce the movie. Very few people in Hollywood get involved with a movie like Cruise and he is all over this one.  This is a fun movie. This is what I wish "License to Kill" would have been like. It's fun and pretty unpredictable, though they do give you some none obvious clues to who the killer might really be. I knew all along but still enjoyed it. If you love Cruise you have to pick this one up. If you like spy movies you'll also get a kick out of it.  This is a fun movie the whole family can enjoy, and you really won't want to miss this one.     