 I really did like the premise to this movie. It's not a movie that should be taken seriously at all, but just viewd for a good time which is what this movie is.  Jimmy Tong(Chan) is a cab driver. He's not exactly happy with where he is at in life. He's a good taxi driver and it ends up helping with a job. He picks up a client who makes a bet with him. He wins the bet only to find out that it was a test. Clark Devilin(Isaacs) a billionaire playboy needs a new driver and the job is his if he wants it.  Devlin is much more than a rich playboy. The fact is that he is one of the worlds top secret agents. He likes Jimmy and tries to make him feel a little better about himself. All secret agents though have enemies and Devlins are after him.   Dietrich Banning(Coster) is one of the world leaders in bottle water. He has a plan to contaminate the world supply of water with only his being safet to drink. Devlin knows of this plan so so Banning tries to kill him. He thinks he does so but Jimmy saves Devlins life only to find out that Devlin isn't who he really claims to be. He tells Jimmy to break the major rule he game and that is to put on his Tuxedo.  The Tuxedo is no normal Tuxedo but a billion fighting machine. With the Tuxedo and the lovely Del Blaine(Hewitt) at his side the two must stop Banning before he ruins the worlds water supply.  The plot behind the movie is kinda lame and the script really is. The movie works though because Jackie Chan makes it. His peformance in the movie is great. I love how Chan can take his martail art skills and make physical comedy out of it and he does to perfection in this role. It's fun watching him pretend like he can't control his actions. The comedic timing is there and he really is funny. It's also great wacthing Jackie dance like James Brown.  The rest of the cast is all right. Jennifer Love Hewitt is in there for eye candy and she is just that. Coster is a lame bad guy, but with what he is given to work with you can't expect much. It's disapointing that Jason Isaacs role couldn't of been bigger so don't expect a whole lot from him either.  Overall this is a fun movie the whole family can enjoy. It's real easy to get cheap and would make a nice additon to anybodies movie collection. Just don't take it to serious.     