 I'm not a real big Ben Affleck fan. The guys is just way to hyped for my taste, but I must say he was pretty dang good in this movie.  Matt Murdock(Affleck) is blind. He's been blind since he was 12 when chemicals were spilled on his face. However, the chemicals changed him. While his sight was gone all of his other senses were strengthed to compensate for the loss of his eyes. Shortly after his accident his dad a boxer was killed after a fight for not throwing it. Matt had promised his dad to do something with his life so Matt does. He goes to law school and becomes a lawyer.  Matt runs his own firm in Hells Kitchen with Frank Nelson(Favreau). They look out for the little people and are best friends. Matt fights crime by day as a lawyer, but at night he is the superhero Daredevil who is bring down crime and trying to stop the Kingpin(Duncan).  One day Matt comes across a beautiful woman. After a short physical engagement he finds out that the woman is Elektra Natchios(Garner) daughter to a billionaire shipping heir. The two quickly fall for each other, but the Kingpin has declared war on the Natchios family and they aren't safe. The Kingpin has hired Bullseye(Ferrel) to kill them. Know Matt must save the woman he loves before time runs out.  The acting in this movie is great. An all star cast was put togther for it. This movie had one of the biggest casts for a movie in 2003 with Affleck, Garner, Duncan, Favreau, Pantoliano, Ferrel, and cameos by Stan Lee and former Daredevil illustrator Kevin Smith. All of them are great in the movie and there isn't anything  to dislike about them. I can't believe Michael Clarke Duncan put on 20 more pounds for his role as the Kingpin. The guy is huge. I liked Jennifer Garner a lot. This woman is gorgeous and I could watch the movie for her alone.  The special effects are pretty good. They rival the first Spiderman movie. The costumes are pretty good as are the sets. This really was a well made comic book movie.  Daredevil isn't your normal superhero. He's a much darker character. This movie is no Spierman or X-Men but it's good. If you like Superheros or action movies then pick this one up. It's pretty cheap and you won't regret it. It was a surprise hit grossing ove a 100 million in the U.S. so come enjoy what millions of other people have.     