 Master and Commander-The Far Side of the World is a fantastic movie in so many ways. There are so many things that make it great and the flaws are few. In Master and Commander we have Captian "Lucky Jack Aubrey. He has been given orders by the British empire to take down the French privateer Acheron. After a sneak attack by the French it's up to Jack to strike back. The ship needs repair and morale is low. He will also find himself torn between duty and friendship as he tries to fulfill his commands and stay true to himself. Russel Crowe is the man. He is easily one of the greatest actors still in the business today. He plays Jack Aubrey to perfection. Russel Crowe lives the part and becomes the character and he does that in this movie. He is simply amazing and I love watching this guy on the big screen. In almost any other year Crowe probaly would have gotten an Oscar nomination for this performance. It is that good. Paul Bettany is great as Dr. Stephen Maturin. He displays human emotions very well. It's a great character and he plays it very well. Like Crowe his performance is good enough for an academy nomination and in almost any other year and he would have gotten one. Peter Weir has directed a cinematic masterpiece. Not since Steven Spielberg in Saving Private Ryan has a war movie had such detail put into it. Everything looks great in the film. The sets are real and authenic. The costumes are great. All the little details are great. They used real ships and filmed this in the tank that was made for Titanic. Mad props have to be given to Weir for the dedication and work he put into the film. The one flaw that can be said about the movie is it is slow in places. The friendship between Aubrey and the Doctor does drag in places and they did go a little far with some of the character development. We don't need to learn as much as we did with some of the side characters. They don't do really do anything to enhance the plot of the movie at all. One problem this movie had was the success of Pirates of the Carribean. Far to many people went to this film expecting to see something like  that. Instead of a comedy you get a pretty serious war-action-drama movie. The comedic points are low and most of them are based out of irony. Far to many people expected Pirates and knocked the film because of it. The film was nominated for 10 academy awards. The two big ones were nominatons for "Best Picture" and "Best Director." It won for Best Sound and Best Cinematograpy. It's a pretty big statement when a movie gets this much academy attention. It would have won more if it hadn't been for Return of the King. This is a great film. It's slow in places but is well worth it. It's a beautiful made movie and I'm glad I own it. It's enjoyable and I recommend it to all.     