 I'm a guy and I'm not normally a fan of chick flicks. However, I am a fan of this movie. It was pretty funny and a good mixture of some other things that really make it work. A madman is threating to blow up the Miss USA pageant. The FBI must stop it so they send in an undercover agent Gracie Hart(Bullock) to see if it is an inside job. Gracie is nothing of a beauty pageant contestant and would rather spend time with her boys at the FBI like her boss in this mission Eric.(Bratt) She has to look the part of the contestant so she hires Victor(Caine) to help her. He being the expert that he is in this field has three days to turn the ultimate slob tomboy into a beauty queen. Despite all of that Gracie must figure out who is the inside man and save the pageant. The movie works pretty well one of the main reasons is the great cast. Sandra Bullock is terrific in the film. It's amazing what makeup can do to a woman. She is so believable and unattractive as the tomboy. When she comes out though decked out and they have Tom Jones "She's A Lady" playing you really have a big draw dropper. She put a lot of energy into the part and she also produced it. She believed in the project and it was a big success because of her. Michael Caine was awesome in the film. His character in the movie is a homosexual and Caine takes the part and runs with it. He is believable as the pageant expert. Caine is such a great actor because he can play with emotions. He goes from serious to flamboyant all the time in this movie and its fun. It's a fun character for him and he's fantastic in the film. Guys you will want to watch the movie for the girls. There are a ton of beautiful woman in it. Almost all of the actresses who play the contestants are gorgeous woman. Bullock looks great in the film and there are plenty of things that you will find funny. Guys go get your girl and watch this film. Heck, everybody go get this film because it's an awesome movie. I was quite impressed with it and im not ashamed to say I own it. It's a great film that can be enjoyed by all.     