 Ben Stiller is at his best when he has big acotrs and actresses around him. When he is expected to carry the show he really does struggle and so do his movies. He has plenty of support in this one with one of the greatest to ever grace the screen in Robert De Niro. Owen Wilson also gives a memorable performance.  Gaylord Faucher aka Greg(Stiller) is a male nurse and he loves the Pam Byrnes(Polo) the woman he is dating. He has plans to marry her, but after a phone call from Pam's sister to her telling her about her engagement. Pam tells Greg how happy her dad is about her sister fiance asking him about marrying his daughter. With that in mind Greg decides he will to when they go to visit her family this weekend.  Jack Byrnes(De Niro) is a straight edge man. He's ex-CIA and likes things his way and very organized. He quicklky takes a dislike to Greg, and Greg doesn't help his case with accident after accident. Jack has it out for Greg and the more Greg tries the deeper he gets in the hole he's digging. He also gets to meet Pam's old fiance Kevin(Wilson) who Jack now absolutely loves.  He's deep enough in the hole tha his relationship is in trouble with Pam. Jack keeps laying it on and Greg must prove himself to Jack that he loves his daughter and that they do belong together.  The movie really works. The cast is absolutly great. You can see the onscreen chemistry between everybody. Stiller doesn't have to carry the movie so it doesn't collapse. De Niro really shines in the role and he's funny while ruthal all at the same time. You really sympahtize with Greg because he tries so hard. Stiller plays a loser well and he's funny while amusing in this role.  The DVD extras are decent. There are some commentaries and other things. They aren't to exciting, but I wasn't that disappointed with them.  If you love Robert De Niro or Ben Stiller you have to buy this movie. This is probaly Stillers best movie in his carear. De Niro is the man and you won't be disappointed by him. This is a funny movie that everybody can enjoy. So Meet the Parents and be prepared to smile and laugh through an entertaining film.     