 (...) I liked Star Trek First Contact and it's one of the best things Star Trek has ever done. First Contact is the continuing adventures of the crew of the Enterprise from TNG series. The crew must go back in time and stop the cybernetic species The Borg. The Borg are trying to stop Zepryham Cochran. The man who developed warp drive and established first contact. If stoped it could be catostrophic to the futre of the Enterprise and of the federation. The cast from The Next Generation is fantastic. They all had there specific talents that added to the show. They all shine in First Contact. Patrick Stewart is great. He is one of the most underrated actors of all-time. He is a former Shakesperian actor and he can flat out act. He wasn't always given the best work in Star Trek and this is some of his finest work he has ever done. Jonathan Frakes is great. Not only does he continue his role as Cmdr. Riker but he directed the film. He uses the suspense and unkown of the Borg well. He really does add to there race with what he does with them in the movie. He's funny as Riker and is less of the playboy that Riker is in the show. Brent Spiner is great as well. It's a shame he hasn't done a lot more out of Star Trek. He really gets into his characters well and plays them well. Data is one of the most beloved characters in Star Trek and the film really shows why. Levar Burton has a great role in the film. He plays Geordi well in what has become his signature role. He's argueably the most successful man ouside of Star Trek with his role on Reading Rainbow and from the hit mini series Roots. It's great to see Geordi without that stupid visor he had the show. I love his optical implants. I love the score Jerry Goldsmith wrote for this film. I think it's the best work he's ever done. I think it got jipped at the Oscars. The woodwind and horns are beautiful in the theme. If your a classical music fan you should love the score. Star Trek Fist Contact is one of the best Star Trek films ever made. Fans outside of Star Trek should like it. You don't have to be a trekkie to understand the film which really helps it a lot. It's a must for anybody that calls themself a Trekkie and I think all Sci-Fi fans should see it. It's a great movie that will do what movies are suppose to do: Teach us a lesson and Entertain us.     