 1941 really is one of those movies you love or hate and you hate to love. It really is a movie with no plot and character development. It has a ton of crazy and wild characters that are very memorable. The story really isn't important because there really isn't one. 1941 is a movie that takes place on Dec. 13, 1941 in L.A., Cal. The U.S. people are worried about another attack from the Japanese. Off the coast of L.A. is a Japanese U-Boat with the dumbest crew ever and one Nazi on it. They end up there off the coast because they are lost and their instruments won't work. Back on shore you have tank crew with characters played by Dan Akroyd, John Candy and Treat Williams in it who are out defending the city. You have John Belushi patroling the skies as Wild Bill and plenty of othe memorable characters living there daily lives in this war time. Like I said it really is hard to try to tell you the plot because there are so many chatacters and so many things going on at one time. There are plenty of cameos and funny antics in the movie. I like watching spoof movies like this and it's funny to see it come from Steven Spielberg because he's made some of the best dramas of all-time. If you were to see Schindler's List, The Color Purple, and Saving Private Ryan and then you were to see 1941, there is no way you'd think Spielberg did it. I was disapointed in the movie for the roles of John Belushi and Dan Akroyd. Because there are so many characters in the movie it's hard for anybody to get a ton of time on camera. At the time this movie was made these guys were both pretty popular from SNL and I think Spielberg really could have ran with them. I was disappointed with the DVD quality of the picture. It doesn't look any better than any of the previous versions I've seen of 1941. The bonus features however are great and the price for the movie is well worth that alone. 1941 really is a fun movie. It's fun to see a guy like Spielberg do a spoof like this. Just him making fun of Jaws is great. It's not that bad of a movie and I really am glad I own it.     