 Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson are easily one of the funniest comedy duos in Hollywood history, and are probaly the best in Hollywood today. The movie stars the two of them in this funny comedy directed by Ben Stiller. Ben Stiller is Derek Zoolander one of the top male models in the world. Derek has been brainwashed by the evil Mugatu(Will Ferrel) to kill the prime minister of Malaysia. Matilda(Taylor) a reporter for Time finds out about the plan and warns Derek. Zoolander must then team up with his formal rival Hansel(Owen Wilson) to foil there plan. Ben Stiller is great in the movie. He directed, produced, and wrote this movie. He puts a lot of energy into the picture and you can tell. He takes the role so serious and it's so funny. The character is so dumb it will just keep you laughing. I like Owen Wilson even better in the movie. His character Hansel is kind of crazy or as he likes to say "Loco Esay." I love him in the walfoff in the movie. Nobody is as funny as Wilson when he's trying to act serious. I also like the rants he goes in the movie. Will Ferrel is good in it. He's not as good as he could of been, but he's still good. It's not that big of part. If they had given him more material to work with this could have been so much funnier. Zoolander is a funny movie. It comparison to the other movies they've done together I'd say I liked it the least. It's not as funny as Starsky and Hutch, The Royal Tauenbaums, or Meet the Parents. This still however is very good movie and I'm glad I own it. The DVD extras on the movie are decent. There are some deleted scenes, extended scenes and commentary by Stiller. The movie trailer and other promotional spots are also on the disc. I liked the skit where the character Derek Zoolander was founded. It's one of the extras thats included. Overall i'd give the extras 4 stars especially since the extras are on the same disc as the movie. Zoolander is a good one. If you want a funny movie to watch then I'd definetly get this one.     