 Harry Potter has quickly established itself as one of the most valubable franchises in the world. This is one of the best family movies of this new century and it moderns classic fantasy movie tales like the Wizard of Oz. It's so good because it stays true to it's roots and it dosn't offend the original book. Harry Potter(Radcliffe) has no idea that he's a wizard. He has no idead that as a baby he stoped the most evil dark lord wizard the world has ever known. Harry lives with his mean Aunt and Uncle along with their son Dudley who hate him because he ins't normal. After letters start appearing at the home inviting Harry to Hogwarts School of Wizardy and Witchcraft he starts to realize things might not be what they seem to be. Harry is rescued by his mean family by Hadgrid(Coltran). He arrives at Hogwars almost an instant celebrity because of his defeat of Voldemort as a child. He quickly becomes friends with an outcast Ron Weasley(Grint) and miss know it all Hermoine(Watson). The three develop a quick friendship and are all the three really have. Trouble starts to arise at the school though and because I don't want to spoil the details for you, but it's up to the three to save the day. One of the reasons this movie is so good is because of the awesome cast. All three of the big young kids are perfect. Radcliffe got hand selected from thousands of kids who wanted the part and he's a good child actor. A lot of kids stuggle with such big roles. Look how much Jake Elliot struggled in The Phantom Menace. So much is on there shoulders and Radcliffe picks the ball up and runs with it. He's perfect as Potter. All the adults are casted perfectly also. Alan Rickman is great as Snape. This guy can flat out act and you have to love him in the film. He is so awesome. I like Richard Harris as Dumbeldore. This was one of the last performances of his legendary carear and it's great. Chris Columbus did a great job with this film. This guy was perfect for the movie. He's done blockbuster family films like Home Alone and Mrs.Doubtfire and he can add this one to the list. He shot the movie well and made it an instant family classic. A lot of respect has to be given to Steven Kloves. He wrote the script for the movie based of the writings form J.K. Rowling. He stayed true to her book and didn't offend her or the fans. To many writers do that way to often and it's glad to see it not be done. If you want to sit down with your family and watch a great family movie than this is it. It's a modern day classic Wizard of Oz and is a great tale of friendship and love. Two qualities we need more of in this world.     