 You wouldn't think a movie that is flamboyant and over the top like Moulin Rouge would work. Nothing looks like it makes sense but it all falls together to make a very special movie. Christian(McGreggor) is a poor writer. He knows almost nothing of love, but is determined to write about it. He teams up with some of his neighbors who want to produce a play. They need a screenwriter so they get Christian to do it. They want to have there play seen at the Moulin Rouge. The local theater and whorehouse. It's there that Christian meets Satine.(Kidman) He quickly falls in love with the beautiful courtesan who feels the same way for him. She agrees reluctantly to star in there play. They need money for there play though. They get a local Duke(Roxburg) to give them money to make the play. He in return wants the full service and love of Satine. Christan and Satine now must hide there love before they are caught as they try to make this play about there love work. Nicole Kidman is awesome in this film. She plays Satine like nobody else could of. She finished filming this movie and spent time promoting it during her high profile divorce from Tom Cruise. She was very stressed and you can really tell towards the end of the movie. Her character in the movie is very stressed because she had TB and shes in a love triangle that could end her life. Kidman releases some of her real life stress on the screen and thats why this is such a special performance. She deserved the Oscar nomination she got for this role and really she should have won. Ewan McGreggor is fantastic in the movie. This guy really is an underrated actor. He continually gets small movies like this and puts out unforgetable performances. He's finally coming to his own as one of the hottest rising actors in Hollywood. He should have gotten as Oscar nomination for this role and in most years would have gotten it. The music is really great in Moulin Rogue. Kidman and McGreggor both display there great vocals. I love it when Ewan sings "Your Song." He really does have a good voice and I thought the producers should have promoted him singing the song more. They really could have attracted more people to the movie. None of the songs are original and it's humorous to see songs like "Like A Virgin" sung in the late 1890's. It doesn't make sense but it works. My favortie song from the movie is the love medley from the Elephant Room. The movie looks fantastic on screen. The movie won Oscars for best sets and best costumes. It's really easy to see why the movie won them. Everything looks fantastic and you really do feel like you are in 19 century France. This is a fantastic musical. It really has jump started the musical genre and movies like Chicago wouldn't have been as successful without this picture. It's a fun movie that would be enjoyed by almost everybody. If you want to see an enchanting musical and romantic movie than go get this now.     