 The Cooler was a hard movie to see. I saw it once in theater but was not able to see it again. The DVD relase is finally here so it was nice to sit down and watch this fine made movie again. Bernie Lootz(Macy) is a very unlucky job. In fact his job is based totally on his bad luck. He is a cooler at the Shangra-Li casion in Las Vegas. His job is to go to the hot tables where people are winning and cool them with this bad luck. He does it with a lot of success. He is doing this job to pay off a debt he owes to the casino owner Shelly.(Baldwin) Bernie ends up meeting one of the cocktail waitress in the bar named Natalie.(Bello) She like Bernie is depressed and both are looking for somebody to love. As there love begins to grow though Bernie is no longer doing his job. Shelly is mad and wants things changed. When Shelly wants things changed they normally happen. Bernie is only suppose to be at the Shangra-Li another couple days, but things are changing that could change his new lucky happy life. William H. Macy is amazing in this film. Bernie is a very depressed upset character. Macy plays him so well you almost wonder if he's happy in his own life. The body language and the looks in his eyes look so real. This is one of the tour de force performances of the year, and I can' believe that Macy received no nominations by anybody for his performance. This guy can flat out act and he shows all of his talents in this movie. Alec Baldwin is the man in this movie. His character Shelly cracked me up. Shelly is a pretty mean guy and he runs his casio old school. Baldwin has been hammered by the press the last couple of years for being a pretty angry guy, and he releases some of that frusteration on screen. He is the best thing in this moive and he easily deserved his Oscar nomination. The more I see this movie and the more I see Mystic River and I feel more and more that Baldwin was better than Robbins. He deserved the Oscar more. This is the second best performance of his carear behind Jack Ryan in Hunt For the Red October. Mario Bello is pretty good in the film. Once again she plays the depressed Natalie very well. She isn't quite as good as Macy is as Bernie but it's a great performance. She received a Golden Globe nomination for the role and it's easy to see why. It's the best performance of her carear. I got tired of the sex scenes in the movie. It's strange seeing these two people do such big sex scenes. Macy and Bello aren't the most attractive poeple in the world and lets face it that 90% of the time in movies sex scenes are done with attractive people. It was weird seeing them do it, and they do it a ton in the movie. I got tired of seeing them naked and this really is the only thing I dislike about the movie. The Cooler is good movie. It's full of a bunch of Tour de Force performances. It was one of the best dramas of 2003. It's good to see an old time casino movie on screen. It definetly is not a family film and it deserves it's R rating. It's a very well made movie and I enjoyed it a lot.     