 I couldn't think of a better way to introduce Pirtates to the 21st century. Walt Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is that movie and is a must see for everyone of all ages. Pirates tells the story of the Captian Jack Sparrow(Depp). A witty and charming pirate captian that wants to get his ship back from his mutinous first mate Barbados(Irons). Jack along with everybody else knows the ship is cursed, but itsn't sure what the curse is. Barbados knows why they are cursed and knows how to stop it. Elizabeth Smart(Keira Knightly) has a piece of aztec gold. The gold is cursed and the gold calls to the pirates of the black pearl. Elizabeth is captured and Will Turner(Orlando Bloom) gets Jack Sparrow to help him go after the Pearl so he can get her back and win her heart. That's the basic storyline to the movie. It's a fun story and makes a lot more sense if it's viewed by you. Johnny Depp is fantastic in the movie. It's probaly his best performance of all-time. I'd love to see him get an Oscar nod for his work. He is absolutely funny. He really does steal the show in the movie. You have to see it just for his performance. Orlando Bloom is great. A lot of people have knocked him saying he should have done a better job, and I just can't see those people's points. He plays the young heart throb action hero great. I can remember seeing lines of girls drooling over him. He is great and I hope to see him in more stuff besides this and Lord of the Rings. Keria Knightly is great in her sopomore movie. She was Jewels in Bend it Like Beckham and she's even better in Pirates. She is gorgeous. She does a good job playing the heroin. I love her accent and she plays a good character. The special effects are outstanding. Idustrial Light & Magic is the best special effects team in the world and this movie shows why. When you see the pirates in action when the curse is active they are great. It's some of the best effects of the year. You could watch the movie for the CGI and for the Ships. They have real ships and sails on real water. It's great to see it because it puts authenticity to the moive. It's a fantastic movie. It's a lot more than you'd expect from a movie that's based on an amusement park ride. Jerry Bruckheimer has produced another hit and I've heard there will be two sequels to this. You have to see it. I think this is the best movie of the year so far. I like it better than the Matrix and Finding Nemo. It's a must see. Don't miss out on it. It has everything that a great movie has and I know you will enjoy it.     