 Not to often will I call a movie perfect. However, Ghostbusters is one of those perfect movies. After losing there jobs as scientists at the local University in New York three men Dr. Venkman(Murray), Dr. Spengler(Ramis), and Stantz(Aykroyd) set out to prove there right. They start a business to stop para-normal activity a.k.a Ghostbusting. They meet a Dana Barret(Weaver) who is having a ghost problem at her house. Venkman loves the woman and they decide to help her. In the meantime the rest of the city is in a craze over the ghosts and the ghostbusters are busting them like crazy. They hire some help Winston Zimmerman(Hudson). Back at Barrets though is a serious ghost uprising that is affecting her and her neighbor Louis. Will the Ghostbusters be able to stop it? Will Venkman keep his girlfriend? You'll just have to watch out and find out. The movie was written by two of the stars Ramis and Aykroyd. They have written a perfect script. It has a great blend of humor. The comedey is slaptick, sarcastic, and very action oriented. Some of the greatest one liners ever spat out are in Ghostbusters. Bill Murray is awesome. Dr. Peter Venkman is one of my favorite characters of all-time. Murray plays sarcastic roles to perfection and he does with Venkman. He is also quite charming in the movie. He really does steal the show. His one liners are classic. I'd laugh trying to say some of the stuff he says. That shows his caliber of an actor that he doesn't. He's one of the funniest guys in Hollywood if you like sarcasm. This role was suppose to have been played by John Belushi but his death gave the role to Murray. Dan Aykroyd is great. He's one of the funniest men to ever live and grace a screen. The small or big it doesn't really matter. Ray Stantz is a great character. He's the kind of geek you wouldn't mind hanging out with. He's a sarcastic guy which Aykroyd can play to perfection. Aykroyd has played some funny people in movies and I rank Ray along side Elwood as his best ever. Harold Ramis is awesome. He plays Igon Spengler in the movie. He is the loveable nerd. He is so nerdy it's funny. When he tells Janine he loves collecting spores, molds, and fungus. Thats great stuff a normal guy would never say. It's a shame Ramis hasn't stared in more movies like the rest of his ghostbusting mates. He's a great actor and is funny. Sigourney Weaver is great in the movie. She plays off the other stars well. She is pretty in the movie. The movie wouldn't be the same without her. I think it's one of the better roles she ever did. I'd put it alond side Ripley as the best she's ever done. I like Dana a little better than Ripley because Dana won't kill you. Rick Moranis is great as Louis. He is another loveable nerd you just love to like. Moranis has always played dorks, nerds, and under-achievers. Louis is a little of all three. He's one of the funniest side characters I can think of in a movie. He will definetly leave you laughing. The special effects are great in Ghostbusters. You have to think this was a 1984 film. The ghosts look great. The dogs don't look so good, but you can only see that in the chase part with Louis. The ghostbusting equipment looks great. The explosions are good and it's some of the best special effects for it's time. I love the theme song. Ray Parker Jr. sings it to perfection. If you haven't seen the movie I'm sure you've heard the song at some point. It's a great song that is catchy and will have you singing or whistling along side it. Ghostbusters is a perfect movie. It has a perfect cast. It's a perfect script. There is a perfect mix of humor. The special effects are awesome. The DVD is a must own for Ghostbuster fans. This is one of the funniest and original movies you will ever see. It will leave you laughing and does what a movie should. It leaves you entertained.     