 Are men really as dumb as they appear to be in Heartbreakers? Well if I had woman in my life that acted like the two in this, yeah I'd probaly do what the guys in this do.  Max Connors(Weaver) scans men. She seduces them and marries them. She then gets her hot daughter Paige(Hewitt) to seduce them and just when there about to you know what she walks in on them. She then divorces them and takes half of their assests. Shes been doing it her whole life and they just did it to Dean(Liotta). It looks like the girls are off for a big pay and Paige looks to go out on her own. That is until the IRS bust them for tax eviction and leaves them broke.  The two head off to Palm Beach to look for big money and they find that in William B. Tensy(Hackman) a tobacco company owner worth 3 billion. He's the play and things are going good. That is until Paige starts trying to play Jack(Lee) a local bar owner worth a couple of million. She's falling in love with him. They also have to deal with Dean who's come back looking for love with Max. The girls now have little time to see if they can play Tensy.  Sigourney Weaver is gorgeous in the movie. It's hard to believe she is in her early fifties dressing the way she does. She is so hot to be that old. Shes funny and her singing Back in the USSR with a bad Russian accent is terrific. You have to love what she does and brings to this movie. It's a different kind of character. You almost have trouble believing this gorgeous woman was once bald in Alien series.  Jennifer Love Hewitt gives one of the best performances of her young carear. Whew is she hot in this movie. She is so hot in all those tiny dresses and thank the lord for the wonder bra. Im 20 years old and shes my favorite part of the movie. Her chemistry with Lee is real good and looks authentic.  Gene Hackman is funny in this. The two time Oscar winner is the disgusting tobacco guru. He's always smoking like a chimney in the movie and he looks horrible. The make up guys did good with him. His love scenes with Weaver kill me. They are so funny with him kissing her and blowing smoke out at the same time. It's even better when I found out Weaver didn't know he was going to do it.  Ray Liotta and Jason Lee are also great. Liotta is always great in his movies. Lee is one of the funniest underrated guys in Hollywood. This is a different kind of character for him. I'd rather see him do more stuff like Mallrats. The two are still good though.  The DVD extras are pretty good. There are 18 deleted scenes. There is plenty of commentary on the movie. There are a couple of documentaries on the movie that are quite interesting. The DVD extras add to the movie.  This is a great DVD. It's a funny movie with gorgeous woman and a happy ending. It's pretty easy to find cheap. I wouldn't rent it because you can get it at a lot of places for a little more than a rental. If you don't like the story the men should at least enjoy the eye candy. So don't miss out Heartbreakers. I'm glad I didn't.     