 The Mask of Zorro is a superb action movie. It's a great tail to introduce Zorro to a younger generation. It's the first film to actually have a hispanic play the role. It's the first blockbuster hit for one of the most beautiful woman in the world. The Mask of Zorro tells the tail of Diego. A man that was Zorro who is imprisoned for 20 years. He gets out of jail and finds a young man Alejandro who is also out for revenge. Diego trains him and teaches him out to fight. It's then that Alejandro and Diego go and get there revenge against the men who hurt them. Antonio Banderas(Alejandro) is awesome. This is the best movie he has ever done. He plays Zorro to perfection. He puts the Spanish Rico Suave swagger on stage. You fall in love with the character. He does such a great job. Anthony Hopkins(Diego)is awesome too. It's one of his best roles ever. I like seeing him play a sane good guy. Hopkins is one of the best actors of the last 25 years. Diego is a good character and I don't think anybody buy Hopkins could have pulled him off. Catherine Zeta Jones is hot in this movie. She is such a beautiful woman. She's one of those flawless ladies that you could stare and admire all day. She plays Elana well and leaves every male jealous of Banderas. If your a guy you can watch the movie for her alone. I have to give personal thanks to the producer Steven Spielberg for discovering her and casting her. I love the swordplay in the movie. It's great to see a film that doesn't rely on CGI and other special effects. All the swordplay is done well with great choreography. You could watch the movie for that alone. I love the score that James Horner wrote for the film. He is one of the best in the business. The score accents the movie so well. I love the spansih trumpets. This score really got screwed at the Oscars. The love theme is a beautiful song as well. I love this film. It's the best swashbuckling film since the 30's and 40's and could be argued as the best ever. Everybody should see this movie. It's a great tail of love and revenge that will leave you entertained and breathless. You'll love it. I've never heard of anybody that didn't.     