 If you don't know anything about Harry Potter you really need to crawl out from behind the rock you've been liveing under and wake up. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers's Stone is great book. Harry Potter is an 11 year old boy who doesn't know that he's a wizard. He had no idea his parents were and that they were killed while he was just a young child. All he knows is that they were killed in what was said a car accident and he lives with his mean relatives the Dursley's. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia wanted nothing to do with Harry when they found him left on there porch one evening. They had there spoiled baby Dudley and they hated Harry's parents because they weren't normal. Harry had a bad childhood. His room was under the stairs of the home. His clothes were all of his mean cousins seconds and hand me downs. He had to deal with constant abuse from Dudley until one day that all changed when he received a letter. A letter to attend a school of Magic called Hogwarts. Uncle Vernon would have nothing to do with it calling it jibberish. After much fun and convincing which I won't spoil for you he is off to Hogwarts. Once at Hogwarts Harry meets Ron and Hermoine who all quickly become friends. The three are all outcasts in one way or another. The three share a lot of the same interests and all have their unique qualities that add to the group.  The three however discover a secret that could threaten the school. Voldemort the man who killed Harry's parents is rumored to be back and could be trying to steal the Sorcerer's Stone. One of the few things that could return the evil wizard back to his full form. Harry and his friends can't let that happen and they will stop him no matter what the consequences. This is a fantastic novel. People of all ages will enjoy it. I had scene the movie but had never read the book. My younger sister had recently purchased all of the books that had been written and I've decided to read them. I was surprised on how good they were. You get hooked by the book instantly and there is no wanting to put it down. J.K. Rowling is awesome and I'm glad she has been so successful off this franchise. Over the years many books have been written geared to make children read. Fantasy is an easy topic to get kids to read because of the nature of it. The most notable of these series was C.S. Lewis's Chronicles of Narnia. Those classic books can be set aside because of Harry Potter. The Potter era is here and what a fun world it is. Let your children read Harry Potter. Sit down and read the book together. It's an absolutely brillant book that is an instant classic and is here for everyone to enjoy.     