 I saw Gangs of New York the other day for the first time ever. I missed it in theater but finally I got the chance to see it the other day. I wasn't disappointed and Martin Scorsese shows us once again why he's arguebly the best director in Hollywood.  Gangs of New York takes place in the 1846. We begin with Priest Vallon(Neison) talking to his young son Amsterdam. Priest is the leader of the "Dead Rabits" Irish gang. He's fighting for his people and thats just whats about to happen. Priest is leading his gang against Bill the Butcher(Day-Lewis) who is the leader of the Natives in the Five Points area of New York.  The battle takes place and is very savage. The combats are fighting with knives, swords, cleavers, and anything else that is sharp blunt or can kill someone. Bill and the natives win and Priest is killed right in front of his son. Bill sends young Amsterdam off to reform school and the Irish know now with there loss they are at the mercy of Bill.  16 years later Amsterdam is released from the reform school and he comes back to the Five Points. He befriends someone he knew as  child named Johnny(Thomas) who quickly informs him of what has happened in the last 16 years. He shows Amsterdam the ropes and gets him into Bill's circle of friends.   Of course Amsterdam wants Bill dead, but he knows he can't get to him yet. He quickly impresses the man and becomes somewhat of an apprentince to him. In the meantime Amsterdam has also found a lover in Jenny(Diaz) a local thief and prostitute. He likes her but doesn't trust her.  In the meantime the city isn't getting any better. The draft is taking place and the only reason the Irish aren't getting drafted is because of the threat of violence from the gangs. Amsterdam is getting himself closer and closer to Bill and is looking for the right moment when he can kill him. His intentions are tipped to Bill from Johnny because he likes Jenny but she likes Amsterdam. The stage now is set for war between Bill and Amsterdam. It will involve the Natives against the Irish. It's just not the two gangs though. America was born in the streets and this war tells its tale.  This movie is phenomenal. The details that were put into the making. This is a very beautiful ugly movie. The sets aren't pretty and neither are the actors. It takes place in the slums so nothing should be. The authenticity of the sets is amazing. Scorsese pays attention to the details and it's obvious throughout the whole movie.  The acting is superb in the movie. Daniel Day-Lewis as Bill is dramatic acting at it's  best. The details he puts into the character are great. He becomes Bill and plays him so well. I love the speech he gives Amsterdam about killing his dad. It's a strong passionate scene. The scene where Bill is being sarcastic over the dead rabbit is great. The range of Lewis is shown in the character and he definetly earned his Oscar nominatin.  Leonardo Di Caprio isn't bad as Amserdam Vallon. I think it was kind of a miscast for him, but he doesn't play the part bad. I'm looking forward to seeing him in Scorsese new film this Christmas "The Aviator" where he will play Howard Hughes. He's more a pretty boy actor and this down to earth dirty role doesn't fit him that well.  Cameron Diaz is also kind of a miscast. She is such a glamorous woman and watching her in this kind of movie is just wrong. Her acting isn't bad you just have to look past the fact that it's her.  Gangs of New York is not for the weak hearted. This is a very violent movie and it's full of bad language and nudity as well. The violence is brutal with knives and clubs being the main weapons. The fights are shot very well and look authentic. Nothing is over the top with them.  This movie should have won some Oscars. It was nominated for 10 and received none. Martin Scorsese is cheated out once again by the academy. He is still winless and thats a shame. This is one of the best directors in the world at his best doing a movie only he is capable of because very few other people could do this.  The DVD extras are great. The documentaries are good and there are loads of stuff. The music video from U2 isn't all that bad either. If you love your DVD extras you wont' be disappointed.  This is a good movie. It's not Scorsese's best but you won't be disappointed. This is drama at it's best. If you want a nice three hour escape than this is it.     