 Matt Damon has quickly established himself as a A-list celebrity. This is one of his first lead role movies and he shines.  Mike McDermott(Damon) is a rounder. He plays poker for a living and he's doing it to earn his way through high school. After he loses all of his money to Teddy KGB(Malkovich) in a high stakes game of poker he calls it quits. He's doing it becuase of his girlfriend Jo(Mol). He gets a job with another friend rounder Knish(Turturro) and it looks like Mikes done. After Mike's best friend Lester "Worm"(Norton) gets out of jail he wants to get Mike back into poker. He can't believe he reformed for a girl or that he's working for Knish. Worm is a con artist who is skilled at pokere but takes to many chances. Mike has his back and nobody says anythig. He gets Mike back into the game and it starts to threaten his relationship with Jo. Mike gets some advice from Judge Petrovsky(Landua) who urges Mike to get back into the game because it's who he is. Mike gets back into rounding and gets right back to his old winning ways. What he didn't know is that since Worm had been out he'd been running up debts and using Mike as a fall back. They now owe a huge debt to the one man they can't run from and the man who beat Mike..Teddy KGB. Mike must now win back the money to pay KGB or it could be the end of him. Matt Damon is awesome in this movie. This guy makes slik moives. Oceans 11 and The Bourne Identity were slike movies. This moive is just at slik as those two. Damon is believable and you just love watching this guy act. He puts out the best performance in the movie and this is one of his better movies. I like Edward Norton in the movie. This guy plays the con-weasal character to perfection. You love to hate his characters and the attributes to his acting caliber. Once again this is one of the better performances of his carear. Rounders is a good movie. I wish they would have cleaned the language up so it could have been PG-13, but then it wouldn't have been authentic saying it takes place in an underground world. This is a fun movie with a great surprise ending that will leave you happy and content wanting to watch it again.     