 Lara Croft Tomb Raider really is a movie that is doomed by the critics the day the making of it is announced. It's based off a video game where the heroine is mostly known because of her large (...).She is suppose to be a combination of Indiana Jones and James Bond which is also going to be hard to pull off. We know the stunts will be outrageous along with a lot of other things. If you look past all that you really can enjoy Tomb Raider. Lara Croft Tomb Raider is a simple enough plot. Lara(Angelina Jolie)must find the Triangle of Time. It's a legendary artifact that is capable of altering time and space as we know it. She must find the artifact before the evil secret society of the Illuminati do. The society is led by Manfred Powell(Iain Glen)who is set on using the artifact for his own eveil purposes. It's now up to Lara to stop the Illuminati and Manfred before it is to late. Angelina Jolie really is the reason to watch the film. She looks fantastic in the movie and it's probaly the best she has ever looked. She plays the video game heroine to perfection and nobody could have pulled it off quite like she did. She did all her own stunts in the film and even learned how to fire weapons and train for the part from a former SAS agent. The only knock I have against the film is the traveling the movie. In a span of not even three days Lara goes from England to Cambodia back to England and then to someplace in North Western Russia. Thats a little far stretched even for a video game based character. This really is a three star movie but the DVD extras bump it up to a four. There are deleted scenes and an altered main title sequence. You get the specials on how they crafted Angelina Jolie into Lara Croft. There is a special on the visual effects in the movie which are decent. You also get directors commentary from Simon West. To top all that off you get the Music Video for U2's song Elevation. Not bad at all. Like I said earlier, if you look past the flaws this is a fun movie. It's a summer blockbuster thats suppose to be enjoyed. I like the movie and it's a decent buy if you can pick it up cheap.     