 I loved Deep Space Nine. I thought it was an excellent show and I'm gald to see it on DVD. DS9 had hard and high expectations. It was the first spin off of the Star Trek The Next Generation. When the show premeired it had to compete against TNG for fans and sometimes ratings. A lot of trekkies were skeptic about the whole idea of life on a space station and were scared to see something else besides a crew of the Enterprise. I think thats what made the show so great,it's orignality. Avery Brooks was awesome as Commander Sisko. Season one developed him very well as we saw a man trying to turn his life around. I thought he was brillant in "Emmisary" and after I saw the pilot I knew this show would last. Commander Sisko is one of the most underrated characters in Star Trek. Avery Brooks played him to absolute perfection. He's a great actor and a great man. You'll love the way they develop his character in season one. It was good to see Colm Meaney on the show. Give credit to the producers for putting Miles O'Brein on the show. He was always a key character to the show. You always knew the chief was going to get it fixed. He reminded me a lot of Scotty in what they did with him. Nana Visitor was great as Major Kira. It was cool how they put a Bajoran on the station and how they made it a co-op leadership thing. To this point in Star Trek all we knew about the Bajorans were Ensign Ro and the Maquis. They developed the race well and once again it all starts in season one. Rene Auberjonois as Odo was one of the coolest characters ever in tv. Star Trek executives made a smart move and made him a shapeshifter. Then they did a really smart move and modeled him after the T-1000 from T2. It was brillant. He was orignal and cool looking. Props to Rene for wearing all that make up. He played the character great. Armin Shimmerman as Quark was great. Once again DS9 developed a race the Ferengi that not a lot was known about. Quark was the comic relief to the show and Armin hit a home run with the role. Quarks one of the funniest and most loveable characters to ever come out on a sci-fi show. Terry Farrel as Lt.Dax was awesome. The whole idea of the trill was a cool addition. I love how they developed Dax and Siskos friendship from what it had been. Terry was hot on the show. It was sad what they did with her in the later seasons, but she remains one of my favorite Star Trek characters ever. Alexander Siddig was great as Bashir. They started Bashir as kind of the hopeless romantic who is out to show what he can be. He wanted to practive frontier medicine. Once again I like how they developed his character. He was a great addition to the show and Star Trek universe. DS9 was a great show. This is the shows humble beginnings. It had to compete against the highly rated TNG and it easily holds it own. It might be a little darker than some trekkies like it, but me as a casual Star Trek fan love it. I think DS9 was a great show and this is something all Star Trek fans should own. People who don't like Star Trek might like DS9 becaue it's not the Enterprise, but an original and fantastic show setting place in the same time period and the same Star Trek universe.     