 Enemy at the Gates is a pretty good war flick. It's a five star movie trapped with in a four with only a few flaws.  Vassili Zaitsev(Law) is Russian thrown into WWII. He's been sent to fight at Stalingrad and is sent without a weapon. He's told to pick one up off his fallen comrades. He is quickly put into a tight spot, but Vassili knows how to use a rifle. His grandfather taught him from a child to shoot one. He quickly kills some Germans and is spotted by Commisar Danilov(Fiennes) a low lying Russian political officer.   He sees the deeds that Vassili has done and sees it as an opportunity. He reprts what he's seen to Khrushchev(Hoskins) who is the Russian commander in Stalingrad. It's Danilov's idea to build up Vassili's deeds in print to help with the morale of the city. The ploy works and Vassili is sent on more sniper missions in the city because of the effectiveness they are having against the Germans.  The whole city of Stalingrad is undersiege and even the townfolk are helping with the war.Tania Chernova(Weisz) is an educated pretty woman. She quickly gets the eye of Vassili and Danilov and they both fall for her. Vassili enjoys Tania's company and she even goes on some missions with him. Danilov thinks it's a waist of her education and a torn in friendship and loyalty is made between the two because of her.  The legend of Vassili is stating to grow even more with the more kills he gets. The Germans morale is beginning to fade and the Russians are starting to make a push. To stop this threat they decide to bring in a special sniper this time for the assignment. They bring in Maj. Knig is not just a good German sniper. He is the lead trainer for the Nazi army and is one objective is to kill Vassili.  The game of cat and mouse is on as the snipers hunt each other. The odds are stacked against Vassili because Danilov wont let him know of the exact danger he is in. Someone must win because the winner of this vendetta could decide the fate of Stalingrad.  Jude Law gives in my opinion the second best performance of his carear. He doesn't equal the job that he does in Cold Mountain but he's fantastic as Vassili. This guy can really act and he is quicly becoming one of my more favorite actors. He doesn't give a real good Russian accent which is his only flaw.  The other actors are good in the movie. Ed Harris is good as Konig as is Fiennes as Danilov. Weisz is alright as the love interest but is a waste to the film.  The love story really does hurt the film. They never develop it much to be a huge major part of the story. The whole movie is based off a real story and I've never heard of Vassili having a girlfriend. I know they had to do some stuff for filler, but if you are at ;east make it worth our time.  This is a good war flick. It's the best movie that I've seen to date on the battle of Stalingrad, but it should have been more. It's still great though and the showdown between Harris and Law is worth the wait. If you like war films or a good thriller, you won't want to miss this one.     