 Matthew Perry is a really funny guy. A lot of people have said his Hollywood moives don't reflect his abilities. Those people are wrong and they need to stop comparing his movie characters to his most famous role as Chandler on "Friends." It's not a fair comparison and they won't enjoy his movies until they stop. Serving Sara has a funny plot. Joe Tyler(Perry) is a process server. He's pretty good at his job, but has been on the slump as of late. His boss Ray(Cedric) is mad at him and is ready to dump him for Tony(Pastore) if he doesn't stop screwing up. His next assignmrnt is big and simple. He must serve Sara Moore(Hurley) because her husband Gordon(Campbell) doesn't want to be married to her and he certainly doesn't want to give her any money. Sara is tipped though of Joe's plans and it doesn't work. She gives him a proposition though. If he can serve Gordon, she will give him half of the assests that she gets out of the divorce. Joe sees his chance for millions and decides to take it. Now the race is on in Texas to see if Joe can do it, before Tony catches up and tries to serve Sara. Matthew Perry is great in this movie. There isn't a better guy in Hollywood that uses sarcasm as well as he does. His timing is perfect in the movie and he takes the character Joe and runs with it. He's serious during the serious parts and he's funny as anything during the funny parts. I love Perry when he's working with the bull on the farm. Elizabeth Hurley is great as well. She plays her charcter Sara well. It is kind of a miscast for her, but she still works. She is as hot as ever in the movie, and is really there just for eye candy. Bruce Campbell is awesome. This guy is the man and so few people have ever heard of him. This isn't as funny as his role as Ash in the evil dead series, but it's certainly a change for him. He's funny doing the typical Texas stero tpye baron. His fans should be pleased with his performance.  The rest of the cast is great as well. You have to like Cedric the Entertainer. This guy is funny and I love all his anger management toys he has. This is a funny movie. Is it one of the greatest comedies of all time? Certainly not. Is it a funny movie that is worth a cheap buy or Rental? Absolutely. If you are willing to look past a few flaws, this movie can really be enjoyed, and like I said earlier. Matthew Perry is Joe Tyler in this movie, not Chandler..don't let the comparisons ruin the movie for you.     