 Selling your soul to the devil has been a theme in a couple of moives. This modern tale of it isn't that bad and is actually pretty good thanks to smart writing, a great director, and good casting. Elliot Richards(Fraser) is the love desperate nerd that everybody hates. He is to nice and gets annoyinig from the simple fact that he trys to hard. He has the hots for a woman at work Allison(O'Connor) who barely even knows he's there. He wants her desperately so he says to God he'd do almost anything for her. The next thing you know The Devil(Hurley) is there offering Elliot a chance to get Allison. The deal is simple. Elliot will get the Devil his soul in exchange for seven wishes. Elliot is reluctant at first to the proposition but after some clever temptations by the devil he buckles in and says yes to her. The next thing you know he is making wishes and the devil is fulfilling them with some nasty and quite devilish tricks. Now Elliot must decide if this is really the path he wants to take and if these wishes are all that they are cracked up to be. Brendan Fraser is good in this movie. This guys movies are usually hit or miss and this one is a hit. I don't like it as much as say the Mummy series or Blast from the Past, but this is a good movie. Fraser is fantastic when he acts out the wishes. He's so funny when he's the Colombian drug lord speaking his Spanish. He's great in the movie and you can tell he really had some fun making this movie. Elizabeth Hurley is breath taking in the film. This is one of the most gorgeous and flawless woman in the world and in ways she carries this movie. She is very tempting and I like how they casted her as the devil instead of some sweet talking con artist man. She's so hot in the film and she's just awesome. If you like Elizabeth Hurley you have to go and watch this film. Harold Ramis has given himself another good film. This guy is a clever writer and it shows in the film. The movie was also clever in the way that he includes all of Elliots co-wokers from the beginning of the film in the wishes. He's a smart director and really is underrated in the business. He needs to make more movies because most of the ones he's made are great. Bedazzled is a good movie and it's easy to find cheap. If your looking for a good pop corn movie this one is it. It has a good moral ending that I don't think will offend anybody. Go see Bedazzled and be prepared for a devilish good time.     