 I have to admit when Spiderman came out, I was excited. This is what any comic book fan had been waiting for. After seeing it, I just didn't have the enthusiam that I did when I went and saw it. Spiderman tells the orign of spiderman almost to the exact that it did in the comic books. The same for the green goblin. I was impressed and loved that Sam Rami did that. A comic book movie has to stay true to its roots. If it doesn't it disrespects how it got to the big screen. Spiderman didn't do that. Tobey Maguire was a good Spiderman and Peter Parker. He developed the character well and was most of all believable as Spiderman. Tobey has the look that Peter Parker had in the comics.  Kristin Dunst plays Mary Jane Watson who is Peter Parker's childhood crush. She looks great in the movie. It's a better role for her than some of the ones she has played in the past. Her and Tobey have good chemistry together, but this is one of the places that I thought the movie got itself in some trouble. While Peter did like Mary Jane, his real love was Gwen Stacy. That's the only place were Sam Raimi messes up in this movie. Also the love scenes are to drawn out. Especially the one in the hospital. William Dafoe was a perfect Green Goblin. He impressed me a lot in the movie. The guy has always come off to me as an intense actor. He plays an intense character and does it well. I also loved the shape the guy was in. Both him and Tobey got in amazing physical shape to play there roles. Another thing I didn't like in the movie was the fight scenes. I thought most of them were to CGI. I felt they should have put more hand to hand action in there. I also didn't like the power ranger like costumes. I did however like some of the special effects. Spiderman when he web slinged was impressive. Without CGI they wouldn't have been able to do a lot of that. He look as real as a Spiderman could. I liked Spiderman. I do it. I just felt it was long and drawn out in places. I'd reccommend it to everybody. It's a film the whole family can sit down and watch together. It's a movie I think everybody should see. I just felt the movie was to overrated and can' see how it grossed 400 plus million at the box office. I own and I like it, I feel you will too.     