 I'm a huge Batman fan. I've liked him ever since I was a little kid. He's always been such a dark edgy superhero, and not quite such the goody good like Superman. The first time I saw this movie I loved it. Almost 10 years later though I've seen some flaws that have taken it from a 5 star to a 4 star.  Two Face(Jones) is back on the rise in Gotham City. He wants Batman(Kilmer) dead and keeps bring out tricks to kill the dark knight. Dr. Chase Meridian(Kidman) is a shrink that comes to Gotham to help the police and batman bring him in. What she gets is a huge crush on the dark knight.  In the meantime a former Wayne Industries employee named Edward Enigma(Carrey) is on the rise. He wants to see Bruce Wayne ruined because Wayne wouldn't fund his project that could control and manipulate brain waves. Enigma becomes the Riddler and teams up with Two Face so both can acomplish their goals.  Bruce Wayne has also fallen for the good Dr. Meridian. While the two are at a circus fundraiser Two Face strikes. He kills The Flying Graysons all except for the youngest Dick(O'Donnell). Wayne gives him a place to stay and Robin is born. Now the two must team up to save the city, the girl, and confront their own demons all at the same time.  I liekd the cast they put together for this one. Kilmer is a good Batman. He can play the billionaire playboy and he has the dark edge to be Batman. Nicole Kidman is Nicole Kidman and she's great. She's hot in the movie, and thats really what she is there for. O'Donnell was a good choice for Robin, the character just stinks in the movie.  The Bad guys are awesome. Jones as Two Face is great. He's much better than the original guy they had as Harvey Dent in Billy Dee Williams. He's funny and he plays the split personality to perfection. Jim Carrey is the man. He makes me laugh everytime I see him. He really steals the show as Riddler. These two make the movie  I only have one big problem with this movie and it's the script. It's full of horrible one liners and dumb cliches. When I was younger I liked it, but the more I see it the more I laugh at how dumb it is. Kilmer and Kidman have nothing to work with for there characters. O'Donnell with Robin is annoying. I just wanted to reach into the screen and slap him. The Bad guys though are pretty good. Carrey and Jones both take their respective parts and run with them.  This is a good Batman movie. It and one are a tie for me as the best one ever done, though the new one looks like it could be the best..well at least on paper. If you can get over the annoying script and a couple of cheesy fights you really will enjoy this movie. Joel Schumacher did an adqueate job directing the movie. Tim Burton was better, but he did tag along and produce this one.  The DVD extras are next to none. I wish they'd put more on there.  If you like Batman you'll like this movie. If your not a big die hard Batman fan, you probaly will sill like it because of the cast and the action is pretty good. I love this film. So go check it out.     