 Le Pacte des loups or Brotherhood of the Wolf in english is a fantastic movie. This movie has it all in it. There is plenty of martial arts, mystery, sexualtiy, and action in it. The story has enough twists and turns that will want you wanting to watch it again. It's 18 Century France and the Gevaudan providence is being attacked by a beast. Hundreds of people have been killed by this beast. It's suppose to be some kind of Wolf, but no one knows because all that have seen it have been killed. All they have are the ripped up and maimed bodies. The King of France is worried about this so he sends in Grefoire de Fronsac(Bihan) to investigate. Fronsac is quite the traveler and renassaince man and he brings his Iroquois Indian companion Manni(Dacascos) with him to help during his investigation. During his investigation of the beast killings Fronsac discovers the Beast might not be the main problem in the town. He has fallen for one of the local woman aristocrats Marianne(Dequenne). The problem with there relationship is that her brother Jean-Francois(Cassel) is slowing the investigation. Not only does he have love for Marianne but also one of the local town prostitutes Sylvia(Bellucci). She knows to much about people in the town but Fronsac trusts her. With two woman that he loves and his blood brother Manni at his side Fronsac realizes the only problem in Gevaudan might not be a wolf like beast. Samuel Le Bihan is the man in this movie. This is the only thing I've ever seen him in and I'm quite impressed by the Frenchmans work. He has a certain arrogance and apeal that makes him very likeable. The character that he plays Fronsac is one bad dude. Samuel plays him to perfection and I can't imagine anybody else doing this role. Mark Dacascos is good as the martial art Indian Manni. Once again this is the first thing I've ever seen this guy in and I'm quite impressed with him. His martial art skills appear to be very good. I hope to see more of him in the future. If you like martial art films you will love Manni and Fronsac. This is the first movie that I ever saw Monica Bellucci in. It's quite humorous to see her in this movie and then to go back and see her in The Passion of Christ. She plays a prostitute in this movie and she is hot. Oh my gosh does she look good in this film. The film does drag in a bunch of places as they try to develop the complex myserious story. The parts don't drag all that bad though because of the awe of mystery that is still left. I must admit I was very anxious to see what the beast looked like. I was kind of disappointed when I did see it, but It was different and I respect that. The martial arts in the film are great. One of the critics I read said it this movie is Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon except put blood into the fighting scenes. I could not agree with him any more. This is a very violent film and the fight sequences are great. Everybody loves to see good sword and fight play. This movie has a lot of it. The cinematography is excellent in the film. The sets look like 18 century France and you get the feeling as if you are there. The costumes look great from the poor peasants to the rich aristocrats. The score is pretty good and all around it's a very well made movie. It's a five star movie. Despite being a little long, it was good enough to keep you hooked in the awe of mystery. The fight sequences are great and the performances by the actors and actresses are great. It's a well written movie and the cinematography is Oscar caliber. Go rent this movie first and see if you like it. If you liked it then go buy it. I'm glad I did. Even if it is a French import.     