 Independence Day is a summer blockbuster film. Your not suppose to care about the plot, your so suppose to sit back and enjoy something that could never really happen. In Independence Day are fears have come true. Alien spacecrafts have come to earth and are hostile. After a failed attack by our own military all hope looks to be gone. The aliens are slowly destroying all of our big cities and it continues to look bleak. It's all up to a crack team of misfits that include our president(Bill Pullman), Fighter Pilot Capt. Steve Hiller(Will Smith), a cable man David Levinson(Jeff Goldblum), and a even the dumb hick Russel Casse(Randy Quaid) to save the day and the world. This is such a fun film to watch and is for many reasons. You have to love the special effects in the film. The alien weapons are cool and a lot of the explosions are on a big scale. It's not easy to flatten L.A, New York, and Washington. The movie won the Oscar for best special effects and rightfully so. The movie has a lot of memorable performances that make it worth buying. You have to love Will Smith in the film. His one liners and overall toughness really help make the film. They also helped make his carear and he wouldn't be where he's at today without this film. The movie is stolen however with the performance of Jeff Goldblum. His character David is the main character in the movie and nobody could have played him like Jeff Goldblum. His one liners are great and you love to like his character. This is another hit movie for Roland Emmerich. This guy has taken the Steven Spielberg mold for summer blockbuster hits and has made quite a carear for himself. If your a fan of Roland you have to pick up Independence Day. The music is great in Independence Day. David Arnold has written a fantastic score. It has a great patriotic feel to it. The music is well worth the price of the movie. Fans of the movie should look at the soundtrack as well. Independence Day is a great film. It grossed over 306 million at the Box Office in the U.S. alone and thats a testament statement. You don't make that much money on a bad film. Independence Day is a great summer blockbuster movie. It reminds us why we go to the movies and that to be entertained.     