 Star Wars Episode II Attack of the Clones had to be the most anticpated film of 2002. The Star Wars movies are some of the greatest movies ever made and Episode II didn't leave me disappointed. Episode II picks up where Episode I left off. Anakin(Hayden Christensen) is a padawan to Obi-Wan Kenobi(Ewan McGreggor). They must return to Courscant to protect the former queen now Senator Amidala of Naboo(Natalie Portman). Amidala has had assasination attempts on her life and it's up to Anakin to protect her and Obi-Wan to find out who'd doing it. That's all I'm going to tell about the story, because I don't want to spoil it for anybody else. The only knock I had against this film is Hayden Christensen. The guy was horrible at times. Any time he had to do a scene with Natalie he stunk it up. The rest of the time he did well, but if he had to show compassion or love he couldn't do it. It was bad. He did however do a good job in his action scenes and if Portman wasn't in the scene he did well. Ewan McGreggor was great as Obi-Wan. He really is a talented actor that can play a variety of people. He continue's to carry on Sir Alec Guisness's legacy as Obi-Won. He's great in all his scenes and was perfect in the movie except for his mullet hair cut. Natalie Portman was great in the movie. She shined in every scene she was in. She's a great actress and she's hot. I felt bad for her in all her scenes with Hayden though. She did good with what she had to work with in the love scenes. George Lucas should really get somebody to help him, when it comes to writing love dialogue. It was pretty bad. Natalie shined despite that and I adored her in the movie. The action scenes are fantastic. It's so hard to believe that most of them are all digital. In fact the entire movie was filmed digitally. The battle scenes in the arena and outside of it are spectacular. It's a rarity where you get to see thousands of troops go up against thousands of troops. It was great to see all those jedi in action. It was awesome to see all those lightsabers chopping away. Yoda has an awesome fight in the movie. We he came out and pulled his lightsaber out are theater went nuts. You don't see audiences stand up and cheer a lot, but they did there. It's fantastic to see Yoda in action. Props to Lucas for giving us that. The love melody in the movie is great. John Williams isth greatest movie composer to ever live, and he's written another beautiful song. It makes the love scenes a little more bareable. Overall I loved Episode II. It's a great additon to the Star Wars movies, and is 10 times better than Episode I. It's a must see and a must own. It's a film that families and generations will enjoy for a long time.     