 You can call Jet whatever you want. You can say they steal chords or any other accusations you want to make. I don't care because these guys are Rock N Roll. They have catchy tribute tunes that are fun to sing along with and rock out to. Get Born is one of if not the best CD's released in 2003. These guys just keep getting more and more popular and it's easy to see why.  The album opens with "Last Chance." I like this song. It's some nice cathcy guitar rifts in it. I love the parts in the song were they all break out into a wooooh. It was great seeing them do this song live.  One of the catchiest songs ever done is next with "Are You Gonna be My Girl." Jet really should thank Itunes for what they did in helping popularize this song. It's catchy in every aspect of the song. From the lyrics to all the instruments. I like this song even though it did get kind of old on the radio.  Rollover DJ is the third song. Once again Jet delivers a great catchy song. The chorus is fun to sing along to and this song has some good lyrics. To often now adays do clubs have sorry DJ's when they should be getting some great live acts. Way to represent rock n roll.  The Oasis like "Look What You've Done" is next. This is a beautiful ballad. Some critcs have said it's full of silly over the top love cliches but who cares. It's a pretty song where Nic Cester gets to display his vocals. All the sappy romantics should fall for this song. They really sound like Oasis on this song and that's always a good thing.  "Get What you Need" follows up Look What with another catchy rock song that really sounds like an old Rolling Stones song. When I saw these guys in concert they really did remind me a lot of the Stones. The song has a great chorus with the guys shadowing each other.  "Move On" is another good ballad. It's got a cathcy chorus with some good lyrics. Sometimes you have to move on and this song wont be one that you'll want to skip. I love the acoustic guitar work in it, and it reminded me of Noel in Oasis. Especially when they did it in concert.  Radio Song is another ballad but this one will make you think the Beatles. It's kind of ironic that they are singing a great catchy ballad called Radio Song that hasn't been played on the radio. Thats what they talk about in the song, and once again Jet has another song that you'll enjoy singing along with.  "Get Me outta Here" is one of my favorite songs off the album. It's hard, fast, and just great. It's what Rock N Roll is all about. I love the guitar in this song.  "Cold Hard Bi*** is next up. This song got a ton of radio play. It's pretty accurate to the song writing. There were a lot of angry women when they played this song, which was funny because a lot of the women were accurately described in the song. Once again this is song with catchy guitar rifts and lyrics.  "Come Around Again" is another ballad by Jet. It reminds  me of Radio Song. I still like the 70's like theme to it. I love how these guys put  four ballads on an album and none sound alike. They are all similar, but not the same. Some more good song writing here.  "Take It or Leave It" is another like Oasis song. Jet has been very vocal on how the Gallagher brothers band was an influence to them and the album is full of it. The beginning sounds like an Oasis song, but it breaks out a little faster and harder than something Noel would write. It's still cathcy though and I enjoy the song.  "Lazy Gun" is another Oasis like song. It sounds a lot like "Force of Nature" but isn't as good. It's some catchy drum lines in it and the lyrics aren't that bad to the song either.  "Timothy" finishes the song up in Beatle like fashion. I've heard they stole this guitar rift from somebody, but frankly I don't care. It's some good lyrics and another catchy ballad from Jet.  This album is what Rock N Roll is all about and thats having a good time. In this Pop Rock MTV age these guys are a breath of fresh air. They have that Euro rock sound to them, but they don't sound the same in every song they do like some of the other garage rock stuff that busted out the last couple of years. These guys have said this album pays homage to their idols, and they do an outstanding job in tribute to their idols. If you want a great Rock N Roll album this pick this one up. It's a fun album you'll want to listen to every song to and no serious rock collection is compete without it.       