 Field of Dreams is one of the best movies you will ever see. It's an amazing tale of second chance and giving it your all. Ray Kinsella(Costner) is a former hippie who now lives in Iowa with his wife(Amy Madigan) and daughter. He hears voices while out tending his field that tell him "If you build it, he will come." Ray thinks he's going crazy but through continuing promptings and his feelings of not wanting to be his father he builds a baseball field in the middle of his crops. The local town thinks Ray is a nut and he doesn't stop there. One night Ray sees someone out in his field. It's Shoeless Joe Jackson(Ray Liotta) and Ray enjoys watching him play ball on his spectre field with his former teamates. The voices don't stop there and Ray is told to "Heal his Pain." Ray then goes to Boston to find the legendary 60's writer Terrance Mann(James Earl Jones). Mann is reluctant to go with Ray thinking he is a crazy hippie stalking him. He goes with and ends up seeing another message along with Ray. They are suppose to help out Moonlight Graham, a baseball player who played in one game and never got to have an at bat. There quest sends them to Minnesotta to find him which they do. Ray talks to Dr. Graham(Burt Lancaster)where he finds out the dr had no regrets about leaving baseball, but it was his dream to do it again. In the meantime the farm is going under and Ray's brother in law is trying to get the farm to sell it. Will Ray be able to save the farm and figure out why he built the field? Will all these guys get there second chances in  baseball? That's the magic that is Field of Dreams. Kevin Costner is great in the film. This is the one that made his a house hold name and solidified his place as a pop culture icon. He's great and is believable. No other actor has shown his love for baseball as much as Costner. This is the best sports flick he's ever done. Mad props have to go to James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta, and Burt Lancaster. They are all great in there supportive roles. This is the best film Ray Liotta has done to date. Jones is great and it's great to see him act. To often does he do voices or doesn't have a main role, but his supportive role is great. Burt Lancaster almost makes me cry in the movie in the scene near the end. Field of Dreams is one of the best movies you will ever see. It was nominated for Best Picture back in 1989 and it's easy to see why. You definetly won't regret watching this one. It's a great tale of love, second chances, and giving it all surronded by our past time baseball. One of the best sports movies and movies made ever.     