 School of Rock is a 21 Century rock driven musical comedy. It's got a great cast and works really well. Jack Black is the man in the movie and he finally gets to be himself. Dewey Finn(Black) is a poor rocker. He freeloads off his good friend Ned(White). Dewey has no job and he constantly hears about it from Neds girlfriend Patty(Silverman). Dewey teases Ned about his job as a substitute teacher and it really angers Patty. She makes Ned give Dewey in ultimatum in that he must pay his share of rent by the end of the week or he's gone. Dewey is desperate, so when a prep school calls the house looking for Ned to work there for a couple of weeks, Dewey sees a chance for a job and he takes it. Dewey arrives to the school and pretends to be Ned. He gets to his class full of 10 year olds and quickly hates them. He doesn't make them do anything and the kids hate him too. Principal Mullins(Cusack) is suspicious of the behavior, but doesn't do anything. In his second to third day into the job Dewey finds out the kids have music class. He hears there music down the hall and goes to investigate. He goes to the class and what he finds is a bunch of great young musicians. He has an idea, he can use them to win Battle of the Bands. The winner of Battle of the Bands receives a 20,000 prize and Dewey is no longer in a band. When the kids come back to class he has rock instruments waiting for them. He assigns a couple of kids to play keyboard, guitar, bass, and drums. He then gets back up singers from more kids in the class. He's then giving kids assignments from groupies, stage crew, and security until everybody in the class has some kind of assignment. Not it's up to Dewey to see if he can educate these kids on rock and roll, not get caught, and to see if he can actually pull this off. Jack Black is the absolute man in this movie. For those of you who don't know Black is in the crude humor band Tenacious D and they are fantastic. His character is similar to himself in real life and that's why he does so good. He has an amazing rock n roll voice and watching him teach these kids rock is great. This is the best movie Black has made to date and that because of a well written script and he gets to act like himself. He's a quite of funny guy and his fans should be well pleased with his role in this movie. All the kids in the movie are great. The kids who play the instuments are real musicians and can play in real life what they play in the movie. You can tell all the kids loved working with Black by the enthusiasm they all show on screen. Movies with kids don't work if they can't connect with the adult star and that isn't the case in this movie. Black said in all his interviews how much fun he had working with them and the joy is displayed on screen. It really is fun watching them. The music is School of Rock is great. All the original songs were written by Black and once again we get to see the talents of this rocker. There are a ton of classic rock songs in the movie and you have to laugh watching these kids play these classic tunes. The theme song to School of Rock is the best song in the movie. It really did get slammed by not getting an Oscar nomination. I heard one critic say they dont' nominate rock songs. That's balderdash because the year before Eminem won with Lose Yourself. School of Rock is a fantastic song that is my best song from a motion picture in 2003. This is a feel good movie. It's Blacks best work to date. This is a comedy you can sit down and watch with the whole family. So be prepared to laugh and have a good time.     