 Martin Scorsese's masterpiece Goodfellas has finally arrived on Special Edition DVD and boy is it about time.  Goodfellas is a simple enough story to follow. Henry Hil(Liotta) has always wanted to be a gangster. He has since he can ever remember and he gets his start at a young age.  Henry starts as a teenager doing erands for all the local wise guys. He works for Pauly(Sorvino) who is the bigshot of the guys in town. He likes Henry and loves that the kid loves his work. Also in the business are the smooth Jimmy Conway(De Niro) and the ruthless Tommy DeVito(Pesci) who go along with Henry on this lifelong journey through the mob.  We get to see the highs of Henry like when he marries Karen(Bracco) and starts his family. To the lows of the late 1970's where he finally gets busted big for his involement in drugs.   This movie is incredible. Like Coppola did with The Godfather Scorsese pays attention to all the details in this movie. The cast is absolutely flawless. The script is perfect. The sets are all real and authenic as are the costumes. This movie is just incredible.  Ray Liotta gives the performance of his carear. He was a perfect cast for Henry Hill. He plays the tragic character to perfection from his happy high points to his cocaine filled sad points. Liotta not getting at least a nomination by the academy for this role is a shame.  Joe Pesci and Robert De Niro are awesome in their supporting roles. Pesci won the Oscar for his role as Tommy Devito. He cracked me up in this movie playing the stero typical ultra violent wise guy. It really shows his depth and talent as an actor that he go do a character like Tommy and follow it up with a more family friendly charcter Harry in Home Alone.   De Niro does his thing as Jimmy Conway. This guy is great with any charcter that he plays, but when he gets to be a violent mobster that just adds an exclamation point to it. I love his smooth talking and Jimmy is believable. Lorraine Bracco is also good as Karen and she did receive a best actress nomination for the role. All the performances are great in Goodfellas and props should go to everybody. This is one of the few movies that I've seen that has a perfect cast from the stars to extras.  This is Martin Scorese's best movie. Like Coppola was born to do The Godfather and Spielberg was born to do Schindlers List this is Scorses's film. Nobody else could have pulled this off. The music the details it's all here. He should have gotten the Oscar for Best Director. Maybe he will finally get one for THe Aviator which is due later this year.  You have to own Goodfellas. The DVD specials with documentaries are great. I loved the commentary from Scorese and Henry Hill. No serious DVD collection or movie collection is complete without this. Deep down inside like Hill I think we've all wanted to be gangsters at one point. I'll never be one, but I can experience the mob everytime I watch this. Go get Goodfellas now. You wont regret it.     