 The Matrix was one of the most original movies ever made. It breathed a fresh breath of air into movies and especially the sci-fi area of it. The Matrix Reloaded picks up where The Matrix left us. Neo(Reeves) is now the one. He realizes he is different. The machines are drilling towards Zion and the people there are worried. Morpheus(Fishburne) takes Neo and Trinity(Moss) back into the Matrix to see if they can stop the machines all together. There is more to the plot and story than that, it's just very complex and has to be seen to be understood. The story is just like the Matrix in that it is very original. It's an awesome script and everybody does well with there character. Keanu Reeves deserves an Oscar for his work as Neo. He had done an awesome job playing the character. Neo is a very complex character that has many sides to him and Reeves has shown us the sides and emotions, and it can only get better with the next Matrix movie. Laurence Fishburne once again continues to be the Obi-wan Kenobi for a new generation. He deserves an Oscar as well. He's such a great actor and Morpheus is a smooth character. Hugo Weaving is back as Agent Smith in the movie. He does such a good job making you hate him. He has an important part in the film, and his fight with Neo when there are tons of him is cool. One of the best fights in movie history. There final showdown should be even better. The special effects are one of the best reasons to see the Matrix Reloaded. The first Matrix movie brought us the most advancement in movies since T2 Judgement Day and Reloaded continues with some of the best effects ever seen. The CGI fights look real. Once again we have bullet time shots which really look coo. There is also a 15 minute car chase with two really cool bad guys. A must see. Monica Bellucci also has an important part in the movie. The Italian model will be a big thing in the U.S. one day and this series is whats gonna make her huge here. Overall the Matrix Reloaded is one of the best films of the year. It's a must see. The DVD is spectacular and a must for any collection. Don't miss out on the Matrix phenomenom.     