 It's hard to believe Weird Al Yankovich has been at it for over 20 years now. "Running with Scissors is the follow up to the mega popular album "Bad Hair Day." A lot of expectations where put out and Al doesn't disappoint us. Al give us a good mixture of new material and parodies. The one knock that can be said against the paraodies is the lateness in a lot of them. The Saga Begins is a hilarious song. It came out a little to late after Star Wars Episode One. Al didn't get the MTV exposure like he did on Amish Paradise and the song flopped in that area. The song however is great writing by Al and is quite funny. It goes along great to American Pie and is one of the better parodies written by Al. It's All About the Pentiums is a fantastic song. The one knock again is how late Al was with this song. If he had put this out right after Puffy had lost some of his popularity instead of a year this could have been a hit. The internet had also lost some it's mystic awe by this point and was available in more homes. The song however is great songwriting and Al proves again he is rap. It's got some great computer dialogue. Grapefruit Diet is a great song. Al does a perfect job writing a perfect paraody. Everything sounds good and its a perfect parody of Zoot Suit Riot by Cherry Poppin Daddies. I didn't like Germs. Why do you go out and paraody Nine Inch Nails at this point. Nobody is talking about them anymore. Why parody Offspring at this point. Pretty Fly for a White Guy was so overplayed on the radio and people were sick of it. Pretty Fly for a Rabbi is a wasted song. It's good song writing that will only be appreciated by his fans and not all of the public. The new material is good. I love the polka song. It's got a lot of hits from the late 90's from semi-sonic to the spice girls and more. Jerry Springer is a great song and it's one I think should have gotten some radio play. Al could have had a field day if he had made a video for this song. Albuquerque  is one of the funniest songs Al has written. It's over 11 minutes long and is full of great lines and plenty of energy. Thi is a fantastic album. It's got lots of great material. I wish the album had come out earlier though. This could have such a big album, but despite that I love it. It's funny and has lots of great songs. Mad props to Al for making a great album.     