 Hercules The Legendary Journey's was continually one of the best shows on TV during it's run. Season 4 stayed true to the show and true to the things that made it a smash success.  Season 4 contains all 22 episodes. The DVD doesn't really contain all that many extras, but there are some. There is commentary by directors, Kevin Sorbo, and William Hurst on some of the episodes. The DVD is spread out over eight discs.  I loved the episode "Beanstalks and Bad Eggs." It had a nice Jack and the Beanstalk tale to it and it has the King of Thieves Autolycus played by the master himself Bruce Campbell. It's a great funny episode.  Stranger in a Strange World is another great episdoe. It was the first time to my knowledge in the series that they did an alternate universe episode and they did a good job on this one. They did it more as a comedy and they do a good job with it. All the characters are the opposite to the who they normally are. It's also a good episode because Aphrodite is in it who is played by the lovely Alexandra Tydings.  Yes, Virginia, There is a Hercules is another good episode.  Porkules is another great episode where Hercules is turned into a pig by Discord who is doing it to impress Ares. The episode also has Autolycus in it.  The follow up to Porkules One Fowl Day is another great episode. Discord is turned into a chicken by Iolaus and Autolycus. Ares promises revenge against the two and chains them together. It's a funny tale as the two are running through Greece together trying to get away from each other. In the meantime Hercules is escorting the pig he met in Porkules who ends up getting the body of Aphrodite. It's a great funny episode.  Disc 8 is a special CD Rom disc that is packed full of extras. It contains Chronicles, Trivia, Bios, and Mythology on all the characters mentioned in the show. There is some nice stuff and you can really learn a lot about the show. Disc 7 contains some extras about the show including how they brought all the monsters to life on the show.  This is one of the best seasons of the show. It's equal to the previous three and I'm glad to say that I own all of them. If you loved watching this show when it was on, you have to pick these seaons up. If you love mythology you will also want to pick these up. You wont regret it.     