 When I look at the Disney corporation the last 15 years I have to sit and think. Would Walt Disney be happy with what has been done with what he started. Sometimes I think he'd cry in shame except for when I see a movie like Beauty and the Beast and say to myself no, Walt would have loved this. Disney has always been the standard for animated movies. Beauty and the Beast is the only to ever get a nomination for "Best Picture" by the academy awards and Disney has called it one of top three best they've ever done. Those are some pretty good credentials. Beauty and the Beast tells the story of the beauty bookworm Belle. She has moved to a new town in France and doesn't fit it to well. Her father is a crack pot inventor is looked to be a madman from the local town folk. On a way to the fair to show off his newest invention Marious gets lost and ends up at a castle. It is at that castle he is imprisoned by a Beast. Belle who has complete compassionate love for her father finds him and takes his place. It's there that she teaches the Beast to love. Back in town though one of the towns men is angry. The conceited and wicked hearted Gaston wants Belle for himself and no one else, and he'll stop at nothing to get her. There are so many reasons this movie is great. It has some of the most loveable characters ever. Belle and the Beast are both fantastic. In the castle all the workers were imprisoned into different animate objects. There's Cogsworth the Clock and Lemuix the Candlestick. There is Mrs. Potts the Teapot and many other loveable characters that leave you feeling good inside. The music is fantastic. It did win the best score and best song Oscars. "Beauty and the Beast" is an awesome song sung by award winning artists Celine Dion and Peabo Bryson. Other notable songs are "Gaston," "Be Our Guest," and Many Many more. I'd watch the movie just to see the music. Beauty and the Beast is one of the best movies you will ever see. It's easily up there with the Wizard of Oz as the best family movie ever made. If you don't have this DVD you can't seriously have a DVD collection. It's one of the best of all time and will be forever. So be there guest and sit down for a ride you'll never regret.     