 Jim Carrey is the funniest guy in Hollywood. Dumb and Dumber was his third movie in a huge strung of hits. Jeff Daniels is also great in the funniest performance of his carear. This is not a movie that should be taken serious at all, but watched and laughed at the dumbness and slapstick performance of the stars. You also have to love the Farrelly brothers in one of the greatest director debuts of all time.  Harry(Daniels) and Llyod(Carrey) are the best of friends. They want to start a pet store. Llyods current job is a limo driver. He chauffers different clients. One day he takes Marry Swanson(Holly) to the airport. She's leaving for Aspen,CO and leaves behind a suitcase in the airport. Llyod see's this and tries to get it to Mary. What he didn't know is that was the money that was suppose to be used to pay off the kidnappers that napped her husband.  Llyod is devestated and brings the suitcase to Harry. After much debate the two decide to go after Mary and deliver the suitcase.  They don't know what's in it when they begin there quest to return the briefcase to Mary.  Jim Carrey is the man in this movie. His performance is awesome in this movie. At this point in his carear when he did this he was quickly becoming the biggest guy in Hollywood. This follwed up The Mask which had just fallen up Ace Ventura. His role as Llyod is one of the best of his carear.  Jeff Daniels is really funny as Harry. He holds his own against Jim Carrey and it's a shame he said no more comedies after this one. I think this is the best character and best performance of his carear.  These two are so great as Harry and Lloyd. This is one of the best pairing to ever appear in a movie. These guys have put me in tears because I was laughing so hard watching this. The jokes never get old. I've seen this movie probaly at least 50 times and I still laugh. I can say it along with them and still laugh. They are so funny.  The Farrelly brothers did a great job with their premiere movie. Mad props to these guys for making this hilarious movie.  If you want to sit down and laugh your butt off for almost two hours than this is your movie. There isn't anything to take serious with this movie, but sit along and enjoy this dumb funny ride that is Dumb and Dumber.     