 I love Master of the Universe. I'm 19 years old and worshipped the cartoon show. I did the see the movie when it premeried back in the 80's and have owned it on VHS for a long time. I was glad when I saw it on DVD two years ago and I'm so glad I own it. Masters of the Universe tells the story of He-Man. He-Man is the champion of Grayskull and it's up to him to stop Lord Skeletor and his armies from Snake Mountain from destroying the lands of Grayskull. Dolph Lundgren was the perfect He-Man. He wasn't the original choice as He-Man as Orion wanted the part to be played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm glad Arnold didn't get the part because Dolph was so perfect. He looked like the cartoon He-Man. He had the hair, the swagger, and the build. Dolph has always been a great action actor. This is one of the better films he has ever made. Frank Langela is a perfect Skeletor. The make up and effects they used to make him look like Skeletor are fantastic. He has the swagger and personality that Skeletor protrayed in the cartoon and it's great to see it by a real person. It's a great sign of great acting. I liked Courtney Cox a lot in the film. It was like love at first sight for me. It was great seeing her become one of the biggest stars in Hollywood and it's awesome seeing her humbling start in a film like this. Julie is a great character for her and I can't think of anybody else I would have rather seen play the part. I like the score from Masters of the Universe a lot. It was done by Bill Conti and it is good enough to rival a John Williams score. The brass in the score is fantastic. I'm a trumpet player and as one I dream about playing something like that medley. The special effects in Masters of the Universe are great. They remind a lot of Star Wars. A lot of people have been critical about how much the blasters and stuff compare to Star Wars. To be a realist though why wouldn't you want to copy Star Wars one of the greatest special effect movies of all time. The ships and gateways and explosions are great in Masters of the Universe. If you like special effects it's definetly a movie for you. I love this film. It's one of my all-time favorite films. I loved it as a child and I love it as a 19 year old young adult. It's a great film. It has action, humor, special effects and a great story. It's a must see for all He-Man fans. It's a great family film.     