 It's hard to believe that Forrest Gump is 10 years old this year. The amazing tale of a mentaly challenged man and a passionate love story.  Forrest Gump(Hanks) lives in a small town in Alabama. He has no father and lives with his mother(Fields). Forrest is mentally challenged, but his mother won't let that hold him down. He has only one friend besides his mother and her name is Jenny(Wright). The two are best of friends, but as they get older there lives take different paths.  Forrest has huge success. He ends up attending Alabama where he is an All-American in football. He goes to Vietnam and meets Lt.Dan(Sinise). He also meets Bubba(Williamson) who he later names his shirmping company after. He becomes a war hero and a millionaire through hard work. He is missing one thing though and thats Jenny.  Jenny takes a much differnt path after high school. She gets into drugs and goes through the hippie movement. She does disco and does more drugs. She realizes her life is the pit, but theres one thing thats always been constant in her life and that Forrest.  This movie is a fantastic tale of two people who take different roads but can't get away from each other. The love has always been there, but commitment wasn't. Will the two end up together, you'll just have to watch the movie because I wont spoil everything.  Tom Hanks as Forrest Gump is captivating. It's one of the greatest performances by an actor ever. He won the Oscar that year for Best Actor and it would have been a sham if he haven't. His peformance as the mentally challenged man in all the big events will bring you to tears. You leave the movie wishing you could be full of life and innocent like Forrest Gump. Tom Hanks is the man and In my opinion this is top 5 performances ever. You can't help but love him. No one else could have been Forrest. Nobody.  Robin Wright gives the performance of her carear in this movie. She's awesome as Jenny. She displays the emotions of the character so well. We can all relate to her character in a way.  The two characters cover almost all the major of events from the 60's on to the early 80's. They stir up memories and everything looks authentic. It's magical and funny as you think back about these two love birds and the situations they are in.  Gary Sinise gives the performance of his carear as well. He was nominated for Best Supporting Actor but lost. He should have won it over Marin Landua. Lt. Dan brings more emotion to the movie as he relates to Forrest in different ways. There friendship is special and the two change each others lives.  Robert Zemcki's established himself as a Hollywood elite with Forrest Gump. He already had hits like Back to the Future and Who Frammed Roger Rabbit under his belt. Forrest Gump is the icing on the cake though. It's a special movie and the way he made it is beautiful. He deserved his Oscar for Best Director.  The movie is so well made. It won Oscars for Editing and Effects and you will see why. It was nominated for 13 Oscars and it won six. It could have easily won any of the others as well.  The DVD extras are great. There is a second disk jammed with stuff. The stuff on the making of the movie is great. The documentaries are great as well. If you love DVD extras, then pick it up. It's worth it.  This is one of the greatest movies ever made. It's a passionate love story and an awesome tail of a man, just being himself. Everybody should see this movie at one point or another in life. I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone who isn't a teenager. It deserves it's PG-13 rating and some people argue an R rating, but I think thats stretching it. Buy this movie and experience the phenomenom that is Forrest Gump.     