 The Terminator is one of the greatest action sci-fi films ever made. It has one of the best performances of Arnold Schwarzenegger's historic carear.  In 1984 the world is safe. Safe that is until The Terminator(Schwarzenegger) appears and stars killing woman. He's looking for Sarah Connor(Hamilton). He's been sent from the year 2029 to kill Sarah Connor the mother of the son she hasn't had yet who will one day stop the machines. The Terminator is a cyborg. He has a skin outside with a metal exo-skeleton and he has one purpose....to kill. Sarah knows she is in trouble and she's scared. She meets up with Kyle Reese(Biehn) who warns her of the danger. She is skeptic at first but goes with Kyle. The Terminator will not stop however and Kyle and Sarah must find a way to stop this killing machine before it kills them. Arnold Schwarzenegger is the man in this film. He was originally cast to play Kyle, but after he read the script he said wanted the part of the bad guy. He plays it to perfection. He has very few lines in the film, but he is terrifying in the movie. The whole look with the glasses and leather jackets and with Arnolds body makes one of the best bad guys ever. Actions speak louder than words in this movie. Arnold really is good enough in the moive to earn an Oscar nomination. You don't think they will ever take him down in the film, and the ending is great. Linda Hamilton is great as Sarah Connor. This is one of the best performances of her carear as well. If it weren't for Hamilton in this movie and Weaver in Aliens we wouldn't have the big woman action thriller that we have today. You like her in this a lot and she's even better in T2. The special effects are great in this movie. James Cameron's movies have always had great special effects Terminator is no exception. The movie is made so well. James Cameron really is the man and this guy really does deserve more credit in Hollywood. Very few directors over the years have made movies that are consistently good and Cameron has never made a bad film. He also needs credit for writing this masterpiece of a film. The Terminator is one of the greatest films ever made. It's a huge movie and especially with pop culture today. It's stood the test of time. The famous line "I'll be Back" is from this movie, but it's always been here. If you haven't seen this movie you must go pick it up and watch it. If you have and don't own it, go buy it now.     