 I'm a big fan of movies and it takes a lot for not to be able to enjoy a movie. This movie however is as bad as you've heard. I don't know what Guy Ritchie was thinking. He was the reason I saw this because I love Snatch. This movie is nothing to the level of Snatch.  Amber Leighton(Madonna) is a very wealthy woman. She is very cold and hates almost everybody. She has a flaw for everything and is very upset with the vactation that her husband Todd planned.  Giuseppe "Peppe" Esposito(Giannini) is an italian sailor working on the yacht that Amber is touring the Mediteranean on. He is given the assignment to take care of her every need and is always at her beckon call. The two hate each other and it's obvious. Peppe can't do anything though because he's the servant and it's his job to put up with all her crap.  While on the boat one day Amber misses the diving trip with all the other passengers. She demands that Peppe take her even though he says it's not safe to venture out. The two do and suprise suprise the raft motor breaks and strands the two.  The two find an island after some time at sea and Peppe has had enough of Amber. He quickly puts his foot down and tells her that he is the master know and she is his servant in all aspects. If she wants to survive she will do his will no matter what it is. She is disobiedient to him at first but after he slaps her around and beats her she comes around to liking him some.  The tension only continues to grow between the two and after Peppe rapes her on the beach Amber starts to fall for him. She knows he's the only way she can survive so she submits to his will and falls in love with him. Peppe doesn't know if the love is ture though and wants to get off the island. Amber however wants to stay because the two can't be together if they are ever found.  The movie is just horrible. From all aspects is it bad. The acting isn't good and Madonna needs to just give it up. She is a singer and should stick to that. I hate her character, but could never separate the two from each other.  Adriano Giannini isn't all that bad in the movie and is given the most to work with. However, there is no man patient enough in the world to put up with what his character goes through and that kills the movie. Amber is taken way to far early on. It is great though getting to watch Madonna get slapped by Giannini mutiple times.  The rape scene was the final straw for me. It was stupid and not believable the way they shot it. The whole idea of her falling in love with him after he does it is a far stretch as well. By the time this happened I really was looking forward to the end of this.  The love scenes are another bad thing in the movie. They aren't believable at all. You can tell Ritchie isn't comfortable shooting his nude wife with another man. He should have cast a different actress or not tried to shoot the scenes.  The movie is bad. The critics were right on this time. This movie should have been "Swept Away" to a dump because thats where it belongs. There is nothing good about this film except for some nice sets and scenery but even that can save it. So save some brain cells and miss out on this one.     