 If you haven't seen Jurrasic Park yet you really need to crawl out from the rock you've been under for the last decade. Off the coast of Costa Rica a wealthy business man is creating the theme park of all theme parks. He is secretly cloning dinosaurs and will soon feature them in this park. Before Hammond(Richard Attenborough) can open his park he must get it sponsored by the tops in the dinosaur and science fields. Alan Grant(Sam Neil), Ellie Sattler(Laura Dern) Ian Malcom(Jeff Goldblum) and Hammonds two grandchildren are brought to experience the park. After a storm and some suspected sabotage the movie turns into a race to get out of the Park alive. Steven Spielberg has made a cinematic masterpiece with this movie. I can remember being nine years old and just being awe inspired by this movie. The Dinosaurs look fantastic. Industrial Light and Magic did a great job creating the prehistoric creatures. They really are breat defeying throughout the movie. The movie is shot so well. Spielberg is a master story teller and he sets everything up well. The movie uses so many things to make it good. There is action, suspense, comedey, and just enough seriousness to make you think. Jeff Goldblum as Ian Macolm to me had the best performance of all the actors in the film. Very few people in Hollywood can reach the level of weirdness that Goldblum can achieve on screen and he has another one of a kind performance in Jurrassic Park. All the other actors are solid all the way across. It'a a fantastic cast. It's solid all the way around with stars like Neil, Dern, Samuel L. Jackson, and Goldblum. Goldblum has the best performance, but the others don't disappoint. The music is great in Jurrasic Park. Once again John Williams has shown us why he's the man in one of the best movies ever scored. If you like to see why Williams is the best just watch the movie and see how his score makes the movie so much better. This is a fantastic movie. At one time it was the most successful movie in box office history and it's easy to see why. It's a fun movie. It doesn't insult the hit book it was made from. It raises questions on whether cloning should be legal. It's a cinematic masterpiece that should be enjoyed by all.     