 Oasis had a lot to live up to with this album. Their first album is considered by many to be the greatest debut album of all-time. That meant the pressure was on with (What's The Story)Morning Glory? and the guys stepped up. They stepped up and made one of the best albums of all-time. The songs on this album are awesome. All are penned by Noel Gallagher. This is one of those albums where you will listen to every song on the album. All pretty good, but there are some gems on this album. "Wonderwall" is the song that everybody knows from Morning Glory. It's the biggest Oasis single to date. It's easy to see why. The guitars are very catchy. The lyrics are fantastic as Noel sings about his relationship with his former girlfriend Meg Matthews. Everybody can relate to the song in some way or another. "Don't Look Back in Anger" is my favorite track off the album. The song is about looking forward and not dwelling on what could have been or what should have been done. The chorus is simply fantastic. The song is very catchy. This song is always relevant and really is a song everybody should here. Noel displays his vocal talents on this track as well. "Cast No Shadow is another special song from the album. Everybody has things they wish they could say, but can't find the right words to say. This song is all about that. It's better when the song is sung by Noel, but Liam sings it on the album. "Some Might Say" is another special song from this album. It was a number one hit in the U.K. It's considered by many to be the best Oasis song. The song really does ask a lot of great philosophical questions. The song has a great chorus and is really catchy. "Champagne Supernova" was another big hit for the guys. The song is the most phsycodelic Oasis song you will ever hear. Once again it's a song that a lot of people can relate to. It's a very pretty song that has some great lyrics in it. It's one of the best songs that Noel has penned to date. This is a spectacular album. All the songs that I didn't talk about are good songs. The only song I dislike off this album are the instrumental tracks. I don't know what the guys were thinking when they put them on there. This really is a special album though. Everybody can relate to it in one way or another. Noel writes about human emotions like few other people can. Everybody should own this album. Go buy it now. It's very easy to find cheap. You won't regret buying this one.     