 I love comics. They were something that were introduced to me at an early age. I never bought to many because I wasn't able to afford to. Nevertheless I did read them in any way I could. Batman is a well made movie based off a comic book. Batman is the story of Bruce Wayne. Bruce is a billionaire buisness man by day and the dark knight by night. He lives in Gotham city which is plagued by crime. Jack Napier is a criminal. He's a gangster who is cheating on his boss with his girl and in business. His boss knows and sets Jack up. Jack ends up in a vat of chemicals that change him into the criminal Joker. Vicki Vail is the hot vixen reporter that wants to know the truth about Batman. She ends up geting involved with Bruce and the Joker falls for her as well. Will Batman keep the girl and stop the bad guy, you'll just have to watch the movie and find out. Michael Keaton was a surprise as Batman. Like I said earlier I've read a lot of comic book and I wasn't sure if Keaton could carry the darkness of Batman. He does it very well and I think you can argue him as the best Batman. The expectations as Batman are huge and he lives up to them. His performance won't leave you disappointed, but is adequate. Jack Nicholson steals the movie. He is such an awesome actor and is one of the better ones to ever grace the screen. The Joker is a crazy character and Jack is crazy. I think it's a role he was born to play and I can't see anybody except for maybe Jim Carrey doing as good as a job as the Joker. The Joker in my opinion is the greatest on screen villian from a comic book ever. Jack Nicholson does that good of a job. Kim Bassinger is great. She is totally hot and plays Vicki Vail well. She plays off the other actors well. She is also believable as a photograher and the writers and directors deserve credit for that. She is so hot and I can watch the movie for her alone. Tim Burton deservesa a lot of credit for this movie. He displays the world of Gotham well. From the tall buildings, the darkness, the politicians, everything is just done well. I think it's one of the best movies he has ever done. Danny Elfman has written a fantastic score. It's the best work he has ever done. It rivals a John Williams score and accents the movie so well. This is one of the best and catchiest scores you will ever hear. I love Batman. It's one of the best comic book movies ever made. If your a comic book fan this one is a must. If your a Batman fan it is a definite must. Everyone should own this movie. It's a great film.     