 I can't get enough of this movie. The Last Samurai is a powerful tale that stays with you. I can't get enough of this modern masterpice.  Capt. Nathan Algren(Cruise) is an Army veteran. He's become an alcholic and hates himself and frequently has flashbacks over some of the Indians he's killed. He's falling apart and things don't look great for him until he's offered a job by the ambassador of Japan Umura(Hamada).  The Emperor of Japan is modernizing the country and doing it very quickly. The Emperors former advisor Katsumota(Watanabe) doesn't like the old ways and is doing everything in his power to delay them. He is one of the greatest Samurai to ever live and is well respected and loved by his people. Umura nows Japan can't beat him so he convinces the Emperor that they must modernize so they can defeat Katsumoto.  Algren comes to Japan reluctantly. He hates Col. Bagley(Goldwyn) who is his superior officer in the operation. He's trying to train the Japanese men as fast as he can, but they don't have a enough time. Umura and Bagley order Algren to takes his men into battle against Katsumoto agains his will.  The fight between the armies is quick and very bloody. Katsumoto captures Algren after seeing the passion and fire in his eyes during battle. They take Algren back to their village for winter so Katsumoto can get to learn his enemy better.  Algren is treated fairly well by the people. They help him overcome his alcholism battle. He hates the place at first, but as he lives there and sees the discipline of the Samurai people he begins to accept and love their culture. He becomes friends with Katsumoto and gains respect from most of the village. Winter ends though and he must return to Tokyo.  Upon his return to Tokyo he sees the advance of the Japanese army. Umora has increased the spending of Japan in their arms and it's obvious he has lots of influence over the emperor. Umora is determined to kill the Samurai and Katsumoto. After a scuffle in Tokyo Algren returns with the Samurai to help prepare them in their last stand against the Japanese army.  The acting is phenomenal in this movie. Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are amazing in their roles as Algren and Katsumoto. Cruise plays the role with passion and intensity. He does a great job displaying the change that Algren takes emotionaly and physically. He really did get cheated by not getting an Oscar nomination. This guy has done a lot for the movie industry and the academy but they continue to not pay him back. Cruise almost didn't do this movie because of his commitment to Cold Mountain. They didn't give the money he wanted so he became The Last Samurai.   Ken Watanabe really shines in this picture. He isn't intimidated by Cruise at all and is equal if not better to him. He becomes Katsumoto and is amazing. He's funny, brave, charming, and smart all at the same time. He deserved the Oscar nomination he received and probaly should have won it. I'm excited about seeing Ken in the new Batman movie. This guy is great.  Edward Zwick really does a great job with this movie. The Last Samurai is produced by Cruises production company and they were the only man they wanted to direct this. Zwick has plenty of experience in this area of movies with Glory on his resume. He shots this movie well and it's all done in tastes. The fight scenes are shot especially well. The camera angles are great and we really get a good idea of how the Samurai fought. The violence isn't over done and you see the art that is sword play. Zwick has made a masterpiece.  A lot of people have bashed the ending of the movie. They think it's sappy and to happy. It's anything but that. If you pay attention to the movie and realize that Algren didn't fail his mission he has no shame. Algren loved Katsumoto and so did the Emperor so thats why we have that scene at the ending of the well. I found it to be a powerful ending to a dynamic film.  This is a great movie. It's so well made and attention is paid in it to the tiniest details. This movie will stay with you for days and all the good dramas do. If you like dramas or war films than you must see this film. If you love Tom Cruise you have to pick this one up. You won't regret buying this one.     