 Total Recall is one of the best and most original movies of all time. It's an awesome sci-fi action tail with enough twists and turns that leave you wanting more. Total Recall is tells the story of Douq Quaid(Schwarzenegger). He's a man that dreams about going to mars. He's a normal guy who has a construction job. He's married to his wife Lori(Stone) and they are new to the place they are living. It's set any where from a 100 to 150 years from now. Space travel is a common thing, and like I said Quaid wants to go to mars. Everyone he knows is steering him away from the whole idea of going. He sees a commercial on tv from a company called Recall. Recall puts an implant into your memory that acts as a vaction. It makes you feel like you've gone on a vacation because it's in your memorys. Quaid goes to Recall and thats where the movie really picks up. While he's at Recall they find out his memorys have already been erased. The company puts it off as they did nothing to him but are unsuccesful. Quaid then finds himself being hunted by different people who want him dead. He doesn't why and he must follow the clues that are left for him to find out why. That's kind of the cliff notes version of the movie. Like I said it's a complex storyline that changes a lot. You have to see it to fully understand it. Arnold is outstanding. This is probaly the best acting he ever did in any of his movies. His action scenes are great in the movie. You see him kill plenty of guys plenty of different ways. His character Quaid is probaly the most complex character he's every played, because Quaid isn't sure who he really is. It's really great and Arnold does a great job. The special effects are great. They did win the Oscar for best effects in 1990 and it's easy to see why. The different mutants they create on mars are great. When people are stuck in the vaccum of mars they really do look like there going to explode. The different explosions and blasts just look great, and it's another reason to watch the film. I love Total Recall. It's a movie masterpiece. If your an Arnold fan it's definetly a must see. Most sci fi fans should get a kick out of it as well. Even people that like a good mystery or a fast paced movie should enjoy it a lot. This Special Edition comes in a cool Tin case that's kind of like a KIWI shoe poish case that makes a good collectors item. Don't miss out on this movie. You'll regret it.     