 I saw Old School for the first time the other day. I had high expctations knowing I was about to watch a Todd Phillips movie(Road Trip, Starsky & Hutch) starring three of the funniest guys in Hollywood with Will Ferrel, Luke Wilson, and Vince Vaughn. I wasn't let down at all.  Mitch Martin(Wilson) is in his early thirties and works in the real estate business. He goes home one night to find his girlfriend with some other people and the relationship is off. In his depression he goes and buys a house up near the local Harrison University.  Frank(Ferrel) is getting married. He is a little unsure of marrigae but does it anyways. He however can't pass up the chance to party with Mitch at his new place.  Beanie(Vaughn) is a millionaire. He owns six electornic stores and he looks at Mitch's new place as a huge opportunity. The place is right by the school that means one stop long party every night and everyday.  The first party is a blast and Mitch becomes a hero to these local university students. However, there fun is stopped short by Dean Pritchard(Piven) who says they can't live in student housing. They have until the end of the week to leave. The guys don't like that idea and they decide to start a fraternity.  They get there pledges and the fraternity is on. Pritchard won't stop though and he will do anything to shut them down. Now the guys  must keep the party rolling and stop Pritchard before he stops them.  This movie is hilarious. There isn't anything not to like about it. The three major stars make the movie. Will Ferrel is one of the funniest guys alive. Old School is his funniest movie to date. Vince Vaughn is the man. He's his normal funny self and Luke Wilson is great. It's the funniest movie of his carear. You have to love these three guys in the movie.  I love Old School. This reminded me a lot of Animal House and a lot have labeled it as this generations Animal House and I agree. This is a great frat humor movie and if you love that kind of stuff you will love Old School. If you prefer a cleaner comedy than this is not your ideal movie.  Check Old School out. It's a great movie that has all the fun stuff from college. Be prepared to laugh and have a good time.     