 Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was really the movie that put Jim Carrey on the map. The Mask is the movie that solidified his position as the funniest guy in Hollywood. In The Mask Carrey plays Stanley Ipkiss the nice guy who always finishes last. He gets a hold of a mask that once he wears it his innermost desires come to life. Will Stanley let the mask rule his life or will he realize he's great just the way he is. You'll just have to watch the movie to find out. Jim Carrey gave an awesome performance in this movie. He was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a musical or comedy. He didn't win it, but his performance was definetly good enough to have one it. Ipkiss is in no way Ace Ventura. He isn't the confident wild man that Ace is. He's the nice guy that finishes last that everyone likes. Carrey plays it to perfection. Once the Mask is put on Carrey becomes that wild man that we love so much and thats where the movie really excels. The animation they used for Ipkiss with the mask on is great and Carrey plays the wild man better than anyone ever. He sings, dances, and throws out some of the best one liners ever. Stanley Ipkiss is a great character and thanks to Jim Carrey for making him that. Cameron Diaz is great in the film. This was the movie that introduced us to the formere model. She holds her own real well in the movie. Carrey was so hot when he did this movie riding the success of Pet Detective and she shines in this role. She is absolutely gorgeous throughout the whole film. She's not a bad actress and I really wish she'd do more roles like this. The extras on the DVD are decent. There are some deleted scenes that are alright and the directors commentary is decent as well. The movie can be viewed in full or widescreen format and it features dolby digital sound. I wish they'd done some more with the special features though. They could have done something cool with the music or special effects, but they didn't. The music is great in this film. I have the soundtrack as well and the music helps make this film great. Jim Carrey is great when he dances and sings in "Cuban Pete." There are some great swing songs like Royal Crown Revues "Hey Pachuco played in the movie. This really could be considered a musical in many ways. This is a fantastic film. It's fun the whole familiy can relate to and is a must own. The DVD is pretty easy to find cheap, so don't miss out on this fun film.     