 Return of the King was a fantastic moives. The money it made at the box office and the 11 for 11 at the Oscars all speaks merit. The video game isn't a disappointment either. The story to the game is the same as it is in the movie and follows it very closely. In the game there are three paths you must take. You can be either Aaragorn, Gimli, or Legolas working your way to Minas Tirith. You must recruit the army of the dead along the way. After that you work your way to the black gate to make a last stand. There is the path of the wizard. In this you get to play as Gandalf. You go to Isengard, and then on to the battle of Minas Tirith. Gandald is an awesome character. The third path is that of the Hobbits. You play as Sam and you must help Frodo. You escape from Osgiliath, Work your way through Shaleobs Lair, then onto Morus Mongol, and finally Mt.Doom where you must destroy the ring. The single player mode is alright. This isn't the hardest game in the world. It took me a little over a week to take out the single player mode. You can change the difficulty setting which does make the game harder. Co-op mode is fun. In this mode you getto play with another human being and there are two characters instead of one. Me and my brother had a lot of fun playing this mode and beat the game in a little over a day in this mode. The specials in the game are kind of neat. As you progress along you unlock interviews with the stars talking about the game and the movie. There are some specials on the making of it, and it's kind of interesting. The video looks alright and it's provided by DivX. I was a little disappointed with the secrets in the game. The two secret levels stink, but I liked all the special characters. The Hobbits are all the same, but Feramir is cool. I also like how you can mix and match your characters on levels after you've beaten the game. This is a good game. I'm glad we own it, and I've enjoyed many hours playing it. I wouldn't pay more than $30 for it, but if you can find it for under that, you have a sure fire winner. It's a good game.     