 I've never been much of a Robert Downey Jr. fan. All I heard was praises for him in this film, and I must say I was disappointed when this movie never came to theater when I first heard about it over a year ago. You would have thought with a movie with this kind of cast including Downey, Mel Gibson, Katie Holmes Wright Penn, and Adrien Brody would have made this movie shine. It's anything but that.   Dan Darko(Downey) is an author. He's in a hospital for some kind of skin condition that they never explain how he got. He is stuck in the hospital and he hates every minute of it. He starts to hullicinate and live out the novels that he's written. He's not sure what is fake and whats not except for the visits from the few people he sees.  Dr.Gibbons(Gibson) is the closest thing that Darko has to a friend. He really does want to help him out, and the two really do play some interesting mind games out with each other. Gibbons is trying to help him overcome his illusions and get himself back into the real world.  The real world isn't what Darko likes. His nagging ex-wife(Wright Penn) is hanging around with ulterior motives. He does however enjoy his daily rubs with skin cream from Nurse Mills(Holmes).  However it's up to Darko to overcome his problems. He's living out painful memories from his life and he must make the descion to solve the problems and get back to reality or stay in the dream world he hates.  The worst part of this movie is the organization of it. It's really messy at times. You don't know what is going on and the jump to reality and fantasy is non stop. It's to much of an effort to try to keep up with it. It's not thats it to complicated but it's boring and stupid.  I enjoyed parts of the script. I loved some of the conversations between Darko and Gibbons. Gibson and Downey are both great in those situations. The rest of the script is a waste.  The acting isn't bad in the movie, but it's nothing to write home about. There is so much wasted talent in this picture. This movie is really a waste in something that could have been so much better. I really only enjoyed one part of the movie and that is the scene and dance sequence with Katie Holmes. The rest of the movie really is crap to me.  You definetly want to rent this one before you buy it. Not even hardcore fans of these actors can enjoy this one.     