 Arnold Schwarzenegger was king of the 1980's when it came to Rated-R action films. He had so many and this was one that took place between some of those hits. It's got one of the worst scripts ever made for a movie and the casting isn't all that great, and it makes the movie so good. Matrix(Schwarzennegger) is an elite retired Army Commando. He lives in a solitary town with his daughter Jenny.(Milano) A dictator has hired one of Matrix's former men Bennett(Wells) capture Jenny. The dictator Arius(Hedya) was taken out of power by Matirx. He now wants Matrix to kill the President of his country in 12 hours or they will kill his daughter. With the help of Cindy(Chong) Matrix must hurry or his daughter will die. First of all you never threaten any character played by Arnold and especially a direct family member. That's an instant indicator that you know there is going to be some awesome payback. It will be swift and hard. Arnold is awesome in this film. He really mows throw the bad guys in this one. He kills over a hundred in this movie. It has a ton of action in it for a 90 minute film and is one of the more violent movies he's done. I can't stand Rae Dawn Chong who plays Cindy in the film. She is so horrible. What were they thinking when they casted her in this movie. She is a horrible heroine. It was very common in Arnold's movies in the 80's that they put horrible unattractive woman who stared along side him. This one is a great example of it. Not all of his movies, but Commando sure does. The only thing that makes her standable in the film is the great one liners she gets. The one liners are great in this film. There are so many that you will never forget. Everybody has the one liners too. The writers did a great job making that the only good part of the script. Commando is a fun film. It's not Arnolds best film and it's far from his worst. His fans should really enjoy it a lot. If you want to see a cheesy bad made movie, then Commando is it. It's easy to find cheap and it makes a great guys night movie.     