 Jackie Brown is the third film from Quentein Tarantino. The pop cultre master has made another perfect film, and put simply this guy is the man. Jackie Brown(Grier) is a flight attendant for the worst air line in the U.S.. She doesn't like her job alot, but it pays her bills and lets her work. Ordell(Jackson) is a guns dealer. He sells guns to whoever will buy them and he's not shy about it. He has $500,000 in Mexico and he's slowly smuggling it into the U.S. with Jackie bringing in some on each of her trips. Ordell has just had one of his old prison buddies Louis(De Niro) get out of jail and the ex-con starts working for him. He meets Ordells' stoned out beach bunny girl friend Melanie(Fonda) who knows a lot about Ordell and about his plans. After Beaumont(Tucker) gets arrested Ordell goes to bail him out. He uses Max Cherry(Forester) as the bails bondman to get Beaumont out. Ordell gets him out and quickly kills him before to much can be said about their link together. The next day Jackie is arrested outside the airport by ATF officers Ray(Keaton) and Mark(Bowen). They know she has the money on her from the tip from Beaumont and they take her to jail. Ordell bails her out using Cherry again. Cherry goes to get Jackie out and almost instantly falls in love with her. He offers to help her in any way that he can. Jackie being the smart woman she is knows Ordell wants her dead. After she stops his attempt at it thye cut a deal on how to get his money back into the U.S. where neither will have to go to jail. The plot quickly turns into a race where everybody is involved in getting the $500,000. Who is playing who and who will end up with the money. That's the master tail of Jackie Brown. This movie has the perfect cast in it. Once again Tarantino puts the perfects cast there and everyone shines. They all hold their own with each other and they all give a memorable performance. Tarantion has written the perfect script and the dialouge in the movie is perfect.  Samuel L. Jackson is the man. I laughed so hard watching his performance. His character Ordell might be my favorite one that he has ever played. You just have to love it. Robert Forrester gives the most memorable performance of the film. He deserved his Oscar nomination and should have one it. He is the odd ball in the movie. Somebody described him as the guy you know you've seen in a movie, you just can't remember what movie it was. That holds true in this. You just love his performance. You can read the sadness in his eyes in one scene, then see the absolute joy in them in another. He should have one the Oscar and this is one of the best performances I've ever seen in a movie. The rest of the cast is great. Pam Grier rocks in the lead role as the sassy middle aged black woman. I like Grier a lot and this is her at her best. De Niro's performance isn't quite what you'd expect from him. You can argue him as the greatest living actor, but his character and performance doesn't add to that statement. He isn't bad, it's just not memorable like so many of his other movies. The DVD specials are great. I loved the Chicks with Guns video. All the specials on the making are great. Tarantino had a blast making it, and the interviews are great with him. There are a ton of extras. This is one of the best DVDs that I've ever viewed. If you like Tarantino you have to pick this one up. Don't compare it Pulp Fiction or Resvoir Dogs because if you do you won't enjoy it as much. It's a different kind of movie from Tarantino. This is an influential movie, and without it I don't think we'd have some of the crime robbery thrillers that have been popular the last couple of years. Buy this movie and prepare yourself for a great ride.     