 I can remeber watching this movie for the first time. My dad surprised us to a sneak peak of it on a Saturday afternoon. We thought we were going to see Ernest Goes to Jail when what I got was one of my favorite movies of all time.  The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was a huge cartoon show. Anybody that was around in the late 1980's remembers these guys even if they never watched it. The four heros named after the artists have become a pop culture legend and this live action movie of the heros didn't disappoint at all.  Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo, and Raphael are the Ninja turtles. They were found by there master Splinter in a sewer in green ooze. The ooze mutated the turtles and splinter into walking talking human size animals. Splinter being from Japan had learned karate from mimicking the moves of his master.  April O'neil(Hoag) is one of the top reporters in New York City. Her big report is on a clan of teenage ninjas who call themselves the Footclan. They are running amuck in the city and come after her one night after work. She is saved when the light in the parking lot turns in pitch black. She has no idea who saved her but is grateful.  During the fight Raphael loses one of his Sais. Determined to get it back he starts to tag the reporter and follow her. He rescues her again because the Shredder(Saito) has sent his men after her again. He takes her back to the turlte lair and is unaware that he was followed. Splinter nurses April back to health and she befriends the Turtles.  Shredder doesn't stop and sends the men for revenge. The Foot kidnap Splinter and the Turtles go into hiding with April. Their cover is soon blown and Foot attacks her at her home. The Turtles along with Casey Jones(Koteas) retreat. With Splinter gone and Raphael hurt the moral is shot of the group. They must recover save Splinter and stop the Footclan.  I loved this movie as a child. I have the old school VHS version with the kid in the pizza hut commercial "Making It Great." I also love the theme song for the movie "Turtle Power" by MC Hammer. Thats some good old school. I use to watch this with my bros and sisters a couple of times a week. We couldn't get enough of it. The movie has a cheesy script but it has so many great one liners that you will never forget. I could probaly quote almost half of the movie to you word for word and get 90% of it pretty accurate.   Jim Henson's Muppet Shop did a fantastic job with the Turtles. They didn't look stupid and the fighting scenes with them are terrific. All the costumes are good and Splinter is also real good. Thats the biggest rat I think thats ever been made that wasn't a CGI. It's cool seeing some old school costumes like this instead of CGI.  This movie is really easy to get cheap. I found it on DVD for under $5. It doesn't have any extras which really stinks. I hope they decide one day to put this on a special edition DVD.   If you want to give your kids a great family movie you wil have no problems with then buy this now. If you liked the cartoon show you have to buy this. Your DVD collection won't be complete without it. It made a $135 milliono back in 1990 which was a ton of money for that time period. That kind of money is still good for now a days. You will have fun with this movie.     