 This is the way Batman should be. This is Batman just like is in the comics. I loved this show when it came out. It was a garuntee that every week day I'd watch this with my two older brothers and we loved every minute of it.  Everyone should know the story of Batman. Bruce Wayne is billionaire playboy by day and the Dark Knight Batman by night. He's made a vow to stop crime since he was a boy after the murder of his parents. This show tells this tale and it does it very well.  Batman The Animated Series looks pretty good for an animated show. A lot of people have comlained of the detail of the animation or the lack there of. I think it's great saying this is a low budget animated daily show. I've never had a problem with the animation.  They put together a great cast for this show. Kevin Conroy has a perfect voice for our hero. It's dark and edgy and perfection is all you can really say about it. The producers always put together great actors for the voices. Mark Hamill as the Joker was always my favorite. A lot of poeple wonder what happened to Luke Skywalker and he became the Joker in Batman and the Hobgoblin in Spiderman. Kate Mulgrew is Red Claw. Ron Perlman is Clayface. You have to love what they did in casting.  The episodes were always great on the show and this Volume includes 28 of them. All of them are great though some are better than others. The most adgervating thing they did though is they didn't release them in order. You jump all over the series with each episode and it is frusterating at times.  The DVD extras are good. The retrospective featurette is great. The commentary is good and isn't all that boring. You won't be to disapointed with the extras.  I love this show and I love this DVD. This was such a great show. It won an Emmy in 1993 for best animated show under a half an hour and it's easy to see why. The dialogue is great and the characters are unique. They develop them great throughout the show.  If you love Batman you have to pick this up. Batman-The Animated Series is the best Batman out there. This dark edgy cartoon show is fun for all and should be enjoyed all. Don't miss out on this one. No, serious Batman fan is complete without it.     