 Just let me say that I am a huge James Bond fan and this movie is the reason why. It has all the elements of a great Bond movie and has some of the best moments of this franchise that has now spanned four decades. The plot to Goldfinger is simple enough. Auric Goldfinger has one of the largest collections of gold in the world. He has a plan to contaminate the gold the in Ft. Knox making his own gold more valuable and thus hurting the USA because at the time we still backed all our cash with gold. MI6 James Bond is on the case and with help from a bunch of notable characters it's up to him to stop Goldfingers evil plan.This might not be the best description of the plot ever but it's short sweet and accurate. Sean Connery gives his best performnce as 007 in this movie. He carries a swagger in Goldfinger that you just absolutely love. No other guy to play Bond really has achieved that. He really turned himself into a house hold name with this performance and he's just awesome. His performance alone is worth the movie. Auric Goldfinger is an awesome bad guy. Most Bond movies are as good as the bad guys in them and Goldfinger is one of the best ever. Gert Frobe puts a face to the Bond bad guys. Up to this point in the Bond franchise the bad guys hadn't been all that great. Robert Shaw was alright in From Russia with Love but he was stiff and the character was dull. The same thing can be said about Joseph Wiseman who played Dr. No. Gert just took this role and ran with it. He's easily the best bad guy ever in a Bond film. Like Connery you can buy this movie for Gert Frobe's performance as Goldfinger. It's well worth the price. This was the first Bond movie to put a Bond car on the map. The Aston Martin Db5 is excellent in this movie. The car fight is great and is one of the most memorable scenes in the movie. Goldfinger is the best Bond movie ever. It has the best Bond performance and the best bad guy in any of the films. It's the reason the Bond franchise is where it's at today and is a must for all Bond fans.     