 You can't knock Tom Cruise or John Woo for what's the matter with this film. Woo can take a little of the blame, but most of it has to go to the writers. The story is a little overplayed, and the movie has to much of a Bond feel to it at times. Despite that the action will blow you away and Cruise is the man.  Ethan Hunt(Cruise) is on vacation when it's cut short. He must recruit sexy thief Nyah(Newton) to help him in his next case. A dangerous virus Chimera has been stolen by an IMF employee. That ex employee Sean Ambrosse(Scott) plans on selling the virus to the highest bidder. Now Hunt and Sean's ex-love Nyah must stop him before all is lost.  The plot is worn over and has been used way to much. It's pretty predictable the whole movie. That where the writing team has to be put to blame. You know exactly what's going to happen before it does, but what saves the film is it's star and director.  Tom Cruise is the man. He produced this movie with his production partner Paula Wagner. Like the first MI film he's all over this. His acting is good for what he's given to work with. He's a little to James Bond like at times, but you'll learn to look past that. His action sequences in the film are amazing. Tom Crusie did all his stunts in the film. Let me say again that Cruise did all his stunts in the movie. From the rock climbing to the bike riding they are amazing. I think it's great that a star with his kind of power will do it. He loves doing it to, and it really adds to the movie.  John Woo really does some great action in the picture. The chases and fight scenes are awesome. Everybody that sees this film will see something they've never seen before and that makes it fun. I loved the whole bird thing and was waiting to see the white dove which is one of his call signs. Woo does a good job of directing with what he's given to work with.  The DVD extras are pretty good. You have a 15 minute special behind the making of the movie, and there's another five minute one about the stunts. Throw in a Metalica music video and you have above average extras.  I did enjoy this movie. I bought it and I wasn't to upset. The movie was a little to Jame Bond for me and the story was weak. Despite that the action makes it a four star film. If you loved the first one, you have to check this one out. If you love Tom Cruise this is another must. If you like Woo the same applies. If you want a good action flick then definetly pick it up. I did and I have no regrets.      