 The Aquabats are considered to many to be the Beatles of Ska. The band has toured for some big names in the punk rock industry including NOFX and MXPX. This is there second album The Fury of the Aquabats and it has become one of the greatest ska albums of all time. Some fans will even call it the best of all time. The Aquabats make pretty immature music. There is no real point to there music other than to have a good time. That really is a lost trait in the music world today. However these guys are all excellent musicians. The horn work on this album is incredible. All the instruments sound good and the vocals are great. You won't get blown away by them, but they work for the kind of music that is being played. All 16 songs on the album are enjoyable. All are different in a lot of ways, but are very similar in a lot of ways. My top five off the album would have to be My Skateboard, Red Sweater, Martian Girl, Lobster Bucket and Idiot Box. I once heard somebody call My Skateboard the ultimate dork anthem. I couldn't agree anymore. This song is very catchy. They lyrics are fantastic and I think of lot of guys can relate to this song. Red Sweater is an excellent song. The trumpets on this song are spectacular. This song has some great lyrics and is very funny. It's a cute little tail about love. The drum work is also very good on this track, but you have to hear this one for the Trumpets. Martian Girl is a funny song. The song is about a guy being in love with a Martian girl from planet V. It's a song that is about nothing. Once again the horns are fantastic. The back up vocals are also really good on this one. This is a very catchy song that is very difficult to get out of your head. Lobster Bucket is another very weird song. The song is about lobsters in a bucket that are trying to get out. The clarinet in this song is fantastic. The majority of the band all sing at the same time in this song.  Idiot Box is one of the weirdest songs on this album. It's about watching to much TV. The horns are really good in this song. I also like the sax parts in this one. The melody line that the horns and sax share in this is very cathcy and once again this is a very difficult song to get out of your head. This is a very upbeat and fast song. The rest of the songs are all great. I like Captian Hampton and the Midget Pirates, Magic Chicken, Theme Song, Cat With Two Heads, and The Story of Nothing. I actually reall like all of the songs. There isn't one I dislike at all. All are awesome.  This is an awesome album. All of these guys are talented musicians that just want to have a good time. The music is good clean fun. This is the best Ska album of all time and nobody is a serious ska fan without this one. Don't miss out on a fun time. Go get this one now     