 I'm a huge Oasis fan. I own just about all of the music they have released and I'm very proud to say that. This DVD is a perfect addition to what I own and this is a must own for all Oasis fans.  When Oasis busted out in 1994 they were a warm welcome to rock n roll. The depressing grung scene had gone on for way to long and this all gave these guys from Manchester the perfect chance to be the biggest band in the world.  This DVD is different from all of the other Oasis DVD's. The others are basicly just a recorded concert with little specials except for ....There and Then. Definetly Maybe is much more than just a concert with a couple of interviews.  You have the option to just listen to the songs. All of the songs from the album are here including the Sad Song which had previously only been available on singles, vinyl, and some of the U.K. versions. The music sounds great and is crystal clear.  You also have the option of watching a performance of each song. Some songs are from different concerts while others are from promo shows at different studios. All are great performances and are fun to watch. Most are shot with a British audience and it's funny to relieve some moments from 1994 while watching them.   There also an option to get a documentary on each song. All 12 songs are special in their own right and it's nice to hear the band talk about them and especially Noel who wrote them. This guy is a musical genius and is one of the top song writers in the world.  All the original promos from the album are here. There are some alternate videos included as well. There are some directors commentaries that really equal out to some special stuff.  The band and producers have really put together a special DVD here. I'm on the Oasis maling list and alomst a year ago I got an e-mail asking for old pictures or recordings of the band from the Definetly Maybe era. They said they were working on making a DVD and wanted to make it special. They really have done that.  If your a serious Oasis fan this is a must own. This is the greatest band in the world at their earliest stages. This album is what Rock N Roll is about. If you like this band or this album you wont regret buying this.     