 Smallville is an awesome show. The first season on DVD was great and Season 2 will be joining us shortly. If you don't know the story of Smallville yet, it's pretty simple to follow. Tom Welling plays a teenage Clark Kent. He still lives with parents Martha(O'Toole) and Johnathon(Scheinder) Kent. They live in a small farm in the small town on Smallville, Kansas. Clark is in love with Lana Lang(Kruek) who he goes to high school with. Clark is best friends with the local billionare playboy Lex Luthor(Rossenbaum). Lex is in the town proving he can one day lead the business his father Lionel(Glover) had made. Clark has two other good friends from school Chloe(Mack)who is the high school paper editor. Pete(Jones)is Clarks lifelong best friend and is the only one other than his parents that knows of Clarks secrets.  In Smallville we have a young Clark Kent who has yet to develop all of his powers and abilities. He is struggling to be normal and has to coup with the problems of daily teenage life. His biggest struggle is doing that with the struggle to keep his abilities a secret and lead a normal life. Season 2 is a great addition onto this TV show. There are some great episodes in this season. The first good one they did was "Heat." In Heat Clark develops his heat vision powers. It's fun watching him as he learns to coop and deal with it. He can't control it at first and struggles with it. To make matters worse there is Lex's new fiance a guest appearnce by the lovely Krista Allen. She has the abilites to seduce men to do her wants and she is running the town amuck. Clark must get his powers under control and stop her. Rosetta is one of the best shows the series did. It guess stared everybodies favorite Superman Christoper Reeves. He plays a Dr. that can explain the local cave painting to Clark, and he is one of the few people that know his secret. Red was another great episode. In this episode Clark gets some Red Kryptonite. Red kyrptonite makes Clark act not normal and he kind of acts the opposite of him normal self. Theres some hot blonde that co-stars in this episode and this episode is just fun. There are some other turning point episodes in the series. In Skinwalkers Clark finds out about some mysterious caves that prophesy about him. These will play a huge roll in season three. Lex has a girlfriend and they get married in the season finale of 2. There relationship develops throughout the season. Clark and Lana also shine in this season. Whitney is out of the way and Clark can finally go after her. This is a great show and Season 2 is a great continuation of it. I love all 23 episodes of it. The episodes are spread out over six discs. The season contains some nice extras. Two of the episodes contain guest commentary and some deleted scenes. The set contains the Chloe chronicles which were some short videos of her talking about the weirdness in Smallville. Theres a gag reel and an interview with Christopher Reeve. We also get a special on the special effects of Smallville. The show also can be viewed in widescreen format. Like I said, I'm very excited that this show is finally out on DVD and will be here in less than a week. This is the best show on television and nothing is better than watching it whenever you want to. If you like the show you have to get it on DVD.     