 One might not think this movie would have ever worked. 1990 was a pretty good year for Arnold with Total Recall and one might not have put him in this movie. It paired him  back up with Twins director Ivan Reitman and I don't think mainstream America could see Arnold in this film. John Kimble(Schwarzenegger) is a detective that loves his job. He is trying to bring down a drug lord Crisp(Tyson). To do that he must find Crisp's ex-wife and child. They have the evidence he needs to do that, but nobody is quite sure where they are. They are found though and they are living in the small town of Asotria, Oregon. Kimble then teams up with his new partner Phoebe(Reed) to go there and find them. They go to Oregon and have arrangements made for Phoebe to go undercover at the local school. They know Crisps kid would be five and should be in kindergarten. There is only one kindergarten class so he has to be there. After Phoebe gets sick somebody has to fill in and Kimble steps up. He'll take her place and pretend to be a kindergarten teacher. The plan quickly backfires in his place. He barely makes it through his first day. If it werent' for another teacher Joyce(Miller) he wouldn't have made it. I'm not going to reveal anymore of the plot because it spoils the movie and this really is a fun movie. Arnold Schwarzenegger is the man in the movie. You have to love watching him interact with the kids in the movie. He is so much bigger than all of them, most of them are only up past his knees. You get to see a softer side of Arnold and at this point this was only the second family oriented movie he had made other than Twins. A lot of people didn't think he could interact with the kids and he shines. The kids are fantastic in the movie. This kind of movie all depends on the chemistry of the kids and the star. You can tell the kids loved working with Arnold and why wouldn't they have. At this time in his carear he was the biggest action star in Hollywood. All the kids are great and they will leave you laughing and smiling. Some have said this really isn't all that of a kids movie. I have to agree with them in some ways. I saw if for the first time at 8 years old and I had no problem with it. Some kids might not understand why the mom and kid are running and thats up to parents to explain that to them. Parts of the movie are a little violent and there is some swearing but it's all PG-13 stuff. I love this movie. I've enjoyed it for over a decade now. Arnold is the man and this movie is one of the reasons why. Everybody should see this comedy at least once. So go get it and be prepared for a good time.     