 I picked up Heir to the Empire when it was new almost 8 years ago. Timothy Zahn has written a Star Wars masterpiece that had me hooked from day one when I picked it up. Heir to the Empire picks up five years after the Battle of Endor. Princess Leia has married Han Solo. They have two children. Luke is the only jedi that is known to be. The empire is still strong though and is led by Grand Admiral Thrawn. Thrawn has a devious plan set in place to destroy the New Republic. It envolves a Dark Jedi that is capable of taking out Luke. His plan is aimed directly at the New Republic and could destroy them all. Like I said earlier Zahn has written a masterpiece. He plays the Star Wars universe so well. Up to the point when he wrote the book all he had to base off was the movies and a couple of novels. His new insights into the world are great. His book is just like an extension of the original three movies. He carries the arogance of Han Solo into the book. You still see the childlike innocence of Luke and you see his troubles as he tires to establish himself. Zahn's work with Grand Admiral Thrawn is amazing. He's one of the top villians I've ever read about. Zahn gives you a great mental picture of what the man looks like. With the details you get consumed by him and for a time while I was reading I wanted  the Empire to win because this guy was so cool and smart. The new side characters that Zahn has made are great. I love Karrade and Mara Jade. They were both great characters. I loved the new alien species he thought up. Nothing was to far fetched and everything was described so well you got a good mental picture of everything. This is an excellent novel. You can argue it as the best Star Wars novel ever written and it's easily in the best Star Wars book trilogy. Timothy Zahn has written an absolutely fantastic sci-fi trilogy. Fans of the movie might not appreciate it to much, but if you love the movies and what a continuation pick up this book. You won't regret it.     