 I'm a huge movie fan. I probaly watch at least a movie a day and I go out to them weekly. I live in a small town and I spend a lot of time with friends watching all these movies. When I bought the game everybody got excited and we've had a blast with this game. Scene IT is great. There is no set up involved in the game and it's easy to play. The instructions are brief and you can watch a short video on the DVD to learn how to play. It's easy to learn and it doesn't take long. We've commonly started a game with a group, had someone come in late and they've picked up on how to play just by watching a turn. You navigate yourself along the board by answering movie trivia questions. There are different categories on which you get your questions from. On the DVD you get two questions which are called All Plays and My Plays. All Plays are for everybody and they are the most fun questions in the game. An All Play could consist of a Spellbinder, Invisibles, Rising Star, Pictograph, Sound Clips, and a couple of other categories. It's a variety of questions and they add to fun game play. My Plays are fun and they usually consist of a movie clip with a question or put four movies in order from there release dates. We've had the same clips numerous times, but most of the time we've had different questions at the end of them. The other questions you get in the game are off trivia cards. The cards have three categories on them and are T3, Songs and Slogans, and Pop Culture. The T3 or Take Three is a simple question. You have three clues to help you get the answer right. The question will state something like what actor was in these three films or the question could be what three things were in a movie. They are cool and some of them are very hard. The songs and slogans are simple enough. The questions is about a song from a movie or slogans from the movie or slogans that were used to promote it. Pop Culture has questions that span all of pop culture. This game is a ton of fun. I play it almost at least once a week with a group of friends and we enjoy it a ton. If you like movies you have to pick this game up. You will not regret that move. Some reviewers have complained that the questions repeat and there is some truth to it. In the half dozen times we've played this game we have had 9 or 10 repeats, but they have never been in the same session or same game. All you have to do to skip the question is hit your top guide button on your DVD remote. Past reveiwers have also complained it wouldn't work on there DVD player and I have not experienced that problem. It worked on my three year old panassonic and I've seen it work on the best brand DVD players in Sony,RCA and i've seen it work on cheapies like Apex and Sanyo. I don't know where these peoples problems are coming from. This game is fantastic. Like I said earlier, if you love movies go pick this game up. This is a great group game and is a ton of fun.     