 Jim Carrey is the funniest guy in Hollywood. He has all the traits a funnyman needs. He established himself as the big guy in the mid nineties with hits like Ace Ventura, The Mask, Dumb and Dumber, and Liar Liar. Bruce Almighty is another movie he can add to his list of classic comedies.  Bruce Nolan(Carrey) is a struggling news reporter. He hates and likes his job all at the same time. He is working hard to get a promotion to anchor but ends up losing it to rival Evan Baxter(Carell). That drives him over the top and he goes nuts. His girlfriend that he lives with Grace(Aniston) tries to calm him down, but it's all lost. He goes nuts and ends up geting what he wishes for.  He ends up meeting the man he blames for all his problems God(Freeman). They talk about Bruce and how his life is going and Bruce still blames God for his problems. God being the wise and omnipotent that he is gives Bruce the chance to do better and gives him his powers and tells him to run the Buffalo area better.  Bruce now has the power and goes wild using it to better himself. The better he helps himself the more he hurts the others around him. He is driving Grace further away from him and Buffalo is going nuts because there prayers aren't being answered right. Bruce learns you can't force everything or make it go your way and now he must correct things before it's to late.  Jim Carrey is vintage Carrey in this movie. It reunited him with Tom Shadyac who directed Carrey's previous hits Ace Ventura and Liar Liar. It's fun watching Carrey go back to his old slap stick sarcastic ways. The movie really works because he takes the role and runs with it. We all know Jim Carrey is god and we finally get to see him play it. He's not offensive with the part either, and I don't think any religous person could be offended by it, especially with the happy feel good ending.  The rest of the actors are there as filling. Aniston was put on the project to add another big name to attract a couple of more people to the seats. She doesn't do anything special with the part, but she doesn't hurt the movie at all. Catherine Bell is her normal hottie self in the movie, but once again thats the only reason they brought her aboard. Steve Carell as Evan is probaly the funniest character outside of Bruce and you will laugh because of him.  This is a great movie. It's funny and it's not offensive at all. It has a happy good feel ending that you can actually learn something from it. If you love Jim Carrey you have to pick this one up. No collection of his is complete without it. This movie made almost $250 million at the box office so pick it up and see why. You won't regret it.     