 I've always been a fan of Robert Howard. I've enjoyed the Conan books that I've read and I love the first Conan movie. I can't figure out though is why Hollywood has butchered all his other characters in lame movies like Conan the Destroyer, Kull the Conqueror and Red Sonja.  Red Sonja(Nielson) is a warrior. Her family was murdered in front of her by the evil Queen Gedren(Bergman). She escaped from the fiery death that Gedren put her to, and now is training for her revenge against her.  Kalidor(Schwarzenegger) is a warrior in search of Sonja. While he was on his way to the great temple to watch the Great Talisman be destroyed he came upon Sonja's dying sister. He gets Sonja and takes her to her dying sibling. While the two sisters talk Sonja and Kalidor learn that Gedren has stolen the great talisman of power that could destroy the world. They have 13 days to destroy it, before it destroys them. The kicker to it all is that it can only be touched by woman.  Along the way they'll pick up a brat prince(Reyes) and his bumbling aid(Smith). The party must hurry to find the talisman and stop Gedren before it is all to late.  Brigette Nielson fills the role out physically, but that's about it. This woman acting is like watching paint dry. She's dull and boring. If it weren't for the fact she filled her costume out nicely, you'd probaly find yourself not wanting to watch it at all. The same thing can be said about Sandahl Bergman. She's a real stiff and is terrible too. It's not saying much when Arnold gives maybe the best acting performance of the film.  I did give the movie three stars though, and that would be for the pretty good sword play. Arnold and Brigette do plenty of it and are both pretty good at it. This movie followed the Conan movies so we knew Arnold could play the part. Brigette holds her own. The swordplay is more of that in the second Conan film. It's not all that bloody. This is one of the few films that I've ever seen where I wish they would've bloodied it up more and possibly given it an R rating.  Ennio Morricone has written a beautiful score for the movie. In ways it's a shame because the movie is so bad. It has a quick catchy melody. This guy really is underrated as far as Hollywood composers. If your a fan of him, you might want to check the movie out.  When it comes down to it, this really is a pretty bad movie. The acting is horrible, and the swordplay isn't good enough to make up for it. The movie is relatively short, and quite frankly the movie isn't enough. They should have made it a little longer, gotten rid of the brat kid, and made it more violent to match the world they live in. Richard Fleischer is the easy target for this bad movie. I don't want to knock a guy for trying to make a family film, but don't do it and the expense of Robert Howards character.  This one is definetly a rental. If you loved the second Conan film, you might want to buy it. If your a hardcore fan of the actors in the film, you might want to check it out as well. I would definetly rent or borrow this one, before you buy it.     