 Office Space is from Mike Judge the creator of Beavis and Butthead and the shots he take at coporate America in this film are so true. It's ironic on how close to home this movie hits. I work for FEMA in an office job and this movie is almost like going to work for me in a funny way.  Peter(Livingston) hates his job. He has the most annoying boss anybody could ask for and he  drives Peter nuts. Peter can't stand his job and his goal is to do absolutely nothing. He wants to do nothing and so he goes to a hypnotherapist to tell him about his problem. After an accident during the session Peter quickly finds himself stuck in his new dream of euphoria.  He likes a waitress a waitress named Joanna(Aniston) who works at the burger coffee join that him and his buddies go to. He gets her to come along in his quest of nothingness.   Layoffs are happening at Peters place of employment Intec. He is expecting to finally get laid off, but ends up with a promotion while his two best friends at work are scheduled to get fired. The three refuse to take it and come up with a stratedy to get back at Intec. They come up with a computer program that steals the extra cents from checks when they round down on the numbers in writing them. It's similar to the plot of Superman III. The plan backfires in Peters face and he is also struggling with his relationship with Joanna. He now must fix everything or wind up in jail.  The movie is great. A lot of people wont enjoy that much, but for those who work daily office jobs this is one of the greatest movies you'll ever see. We've all wanted to do what Peter does as work in which he just tells everybody how it feels. His boss is such a pefect image of a corporate america boss and it's sad on how true the impersenation is.  The actors are all pretty good in the film. There are no stand out roles and you won't be blown away by any performance. You will however love many of this memorable characters including Milton the psycho stapler lover is was the original idea for the whole movie.  If you have an office job or have ever had one than Office Space is a must own. Even if you haven't you'll still like the corporae America office humor. You won't want to miss this one.     