 The Rocky films are such inspiring movies. I don't think anybody that has seen any of them other than five has felt motivated to do something with there lives. In the first three Rocky films we see the Italian Stallion come from a nobody to a somebody. He's the heavy weight champion of the world and has overcome a lot. Rocky IV shows they were running out of ideas and naturally Sylvester went to the easy way out, he'd have Rocky fight communism. Rocky IV is simple enough to follow. Ivan Drago(Dolph Lundgren) is the next big thing in the boxing world. He's the enourmus Russian that looks unbeatable. He's won the gold medal and has cleaned Europe out. He comes to America looking to become the champion and put Soviet boxing back on the map. Apollo Creed(Carl Weathers) wants Ivan. The Soviet agress to the match to show that he's unbeatable. He kills Apollo in the match and then looks at Rocky like he's next. Rocky(Stallone) feels responsible for the death of Apollo. He's unsure if he can beat the Soviet. Even his own wife Adrian doubts him. It's now up to Rocky to rediscover himself and restore honor to himself, Apollo Creed, and the United States. Rocky IV is such a hoaky movie it's beautiful. The East vs West set up is great. It's not just Rocky vs Drago, it's the United States vs the Soviet Union. This 1985 movie did take place during the arms race and it's a great patriotic tale. Very few movies have me made want to shout USA out while I'm watching them and Rocky IV does that. I have to tip my hat to Syvelster Stallone and Dolph Lundgren. Both are in amazing shape for the movie. Everybody that has seen the movie loves the scenes in Russia where Rocky and Drago are training. It's so barbaric, tender, and motivating all at the same time. The two in there boxing scenes also look good. Drago is the most impossing force ever scene in any of the Rocky films. Dolph broke most of Stallones ribs during the filming and did a number on bones in his face. You have to love that kind of dedication from Stallone who also wrote and directed. Rocky IV is an excellent film. A lot of people said they should have stoped after III and they are wrong. Rocky IV is a great motivational and patriotic tale. In a liberal dominated hollywood and media it's great to watch a feel good movie like Rocky IV.     