 While we fans of Tasha Tudor (a loyal group, to say the very least) await ANY new book about Tasha, it is with mixed feelings that so many of us view this book.  You will note it is wrtten by Harry Davis, and as most of Tasha's fans have heard through various grapevines, Mr. Davis and Ms. Tudor had a not so nice parting of the ways, and rumor has it that Ms. Tudor did not sanction this book.  So, while we want to know more, read more, see more about a woman who's art and life we hold in high esteem, we are mixed because we don't want anyone who might be a scoundrel to exploit our dear Tasha!  I have seen the book and it is charming, the photos are delightful, especially the one of Tasha serving up her live pet parrot, Hannah, as Christmas dinner (it's a trick folks, don't panic). We Tasha fans never tire of anything new (to us) about this woman we respect, admire and try to emulate in our own personal way to live a fuller, more simple life.  Ms. Tudor is 85 and most of us can not do in a month what she does in a day!  We love her illustrations, we keep her books and pass them on to our children and grandchildren (well, we let them look at them, but we usually won't give them up!).  We are in awe of her multi-faceted talents--her art, gardens to die for, spinning, weaving, keeping goats, and of course, those delightful Corgi dogs!  We want this book.  But, loyal as we are, we worry that we could contribute to some unhappiness for our beloved Tasha Tudor. Many women today have no Elder or Wise Women to pass down aspects of living that seem lost in this overly hectic world.  We don't want to live in the grips of cell phones and palm pilots at the expense of creativity and connections to the earth and to each other. Tasha reminds us.  She shows us.  She gives us a kind of permission to hold on to,or bring back,the "olden" things, and it is these that anchor us.  We want as much of her as we can get without barging in on her actual property!  And we don't want anyone to do anything to hurt her.     