 I am a Reiki Master/Teacher.  I received my attunments from two different Reiki Masters over a couple of years time.  This book came out some time after I was practicing Reiki and I found it a valuable resource and use it continually.  If you have a feminist leaning, a metaphysical viewpoint, an open mind and a thirst for doing something positive in a troubled world, I think this books has a lot to offer.  I personally find Ms. Steins' Master Symbol easier to use than the one I was taught.  I know others who have been attuned to Reiki who were taught different symbols than I was, but when we have discussed this we all feel it is the INTENT that matters, and so we proceed to pass along this amazing healing energy to others mostly using the process we were attuned with.  Some Reiki folks seem to have a need to set in judgement of those who want to take the huge money factor out of Reiki (a Master level used to cost $10,000!), or find fault with publishing the symbols.  Secret does not mean sacred.  Let's get that straight!  Yes, it was a huge risk Ms. Stein took in publishing the symbols, but if her reasoning was to show Reiki as a wonderful, easy, beautiful method, among many, to help people, animals, plants and the planet, isn't that a good thing?  I happen to think it is.  I personally do not believe in intensive attunments-getting them all in one week-end or one day.  The attunement process is incredibly powerful, and many people, including myself, need some time to adjust to the new energies provided by a Reiki attunement.  Some people may adjust fine, but many feel "floaty" or "spacy" after an attunement. Do not make the mistake of thinking Reiki is something simple.  Easy and simple are two different things, just as secret and sacred are two different things.  Reiki changes you in ways you can not imagine until you experience it.  It takes time to understand these changes.  After my first attunement, I was amazed at my dreams, thoughts and ideas.  I needed time to process what I was learning, and I gave myself that needed time before I proceeded with Level II.  I did not become a Master/Teacher for another two years. I do believe you could give an attunement over the phone or to someone handicapped as Ms. Stein has done.  Again, it is about intention of both the Reiki Master and the person seeking attunement, and having a proper attunement process.  I was called to Reiki, and I believe a lot of folks who will be drawn to pick up this book are also being called to Reiki.  Read it with an open heart and mind, take what works for you, as with any information.  Don't read only one book on Reiki, explore, gather knowledge, LEARN.  No single source has all the answers.  If you are called to Reiki, or any other type of healing method you are probably being called to the path of the Seeker.  To seek means to think, delve, explore, question.  Reiki can be one step on that path.  It is a valuable path. It is a path very much needed now.  But do not think you can attune yourself to Reiki.  Find a good Reiki Master who does not charge a fortune, make the time to truly participate in the beautiful experience that a Reiki attunement is, and allow time for what happens to your mind, body and sprit afterwards.   I think Ms. Steins' goal in risking so much to put this information out into the world speaks more to her desire to create another avenue for healing than it does to anythiing else.  Ok, she has some areas in her own life that may still need healing.  Don't we all?  Don't mix up the information with what you may see as her stuff.  DISCERNMENT!  Practice it!  Oh-one more thing-the negative reviewer who said her hands got hot while she was reading this book-my dear, THAT is part of Reiki!  When you give a Reiki treatment your hands become very very warm.  You were probably being called.  Too bad you did not heed that call!  But the rest of us can approach this, and other books on energy healing with a much more open mind.  I hope so.     