   Jim Steinmeyer's "Hiding the Elephant" is a captivating exploration of the development of illusions from the late 1800's to the early 1900's.  Steinmeyer jumps from describing one magician to expounding on another in a manner that may be disconcerting at first, but he ties the exploits of these characters together in a manner that turns out to be quite deft. Steinmeyer's discussion of how various illusions were created and performed is interesting, although perhaps somewhat upsetting to some current magicians (most illusions are, as Steinmeyer suggests, based on a few basic precepts).  Even more interesting are the characters who created and fought over these illusions, and Steinmeyer describes these conjurers quite nicely.      A magician who created an illusion in the era Steinmeyer describes faced a dilemma - once he presented an illusion, other magicians were likely to discern how the effect was achieved, and copy it.  If the effect were patented, the secret of the effect was available to the general public - an even worse situation in the minds of most illusionists.  The way in which various magicians handled this dilemma is a major subject of "Hiding the Elephant".  Some magicians would team up, some would campaign against each other, but it seems that they were all linked together by their craft.  Another point Steinmeyer drives home is the talent involved in creating illusions.  The magicians described in "Hiding the Elephant" employed understandings of optics, physics, and psychology to deceive their audiences, usually without any training in these areas.  Those magicians who succeeded also understood changing social moods. Sawing a woman in half, for instance, was in part a reaction to the growing suffrage movement, and some feminist leaders of the day were invited to be assistants in the new illusion.      Steinmeyer's treatment of Houdini is especially interesting.  Houdini isn't given the attention one would expect from a book covering the era in which he performed, and this alone is noteworthy.  The coverage Houdini gets is not what one would expect, either.  Steinmeyer points out that Houdini was at best a mediocre illusionist (even the disappearing elephant illusion referred to in the title, when performed by Houdini, received only a lukewarm response).  Steinmeyer points out that Houdini could be petty and unfair in his criticism of others, especially in his book discrediting the magician from which he took his name.  This isn't to say that Steinmeyer doesn't admire Houdini or respect his talent as a showman or escape artist.  It seems that Steinmeyer simply wants to place Houdini "side by side" with the other magicians and escape artists of the era, instead of singling Houdini out for praise as many others do.   Jim Steinmeyer is a talented illusion designer, and his love for the craft shows in his exploration of its history.  "Hiding the Elephant" is a worthwhile read, even for those who aren't fans of magic.  In fact, it may change the minds of some who feel that way.     