     Just as "The Sixth Sense" wasn't ultimately about ghosts, and "Unbreakable" wasn't ultimately about superpowers, and "Signs" wasn't ultimately about aliens, "The Village" ultimately isn't about the monsters that may or may not threaten the characters in M. Night Shyalaman's latest effort, and I think this is part of the problem some people had with the film.  Much like Rod Serling did with the "Twilight Zone", Shyalaman uses devices like ghosts, aliens, or monsters to try to make a larger point.  And much like Serling, Shyalaman can get some mixed results.  For every classic episode of "The Twilight Zone" there were several episodes that, while entertaining, were rather silly and forgettable.  Similarly, "The Village" may not be quite as satisfying as Shyalaman's previous efforts. I think Shyalaman may go a bit far in trying for a sort of double twist ending, and again, I think this threw some viewers off.  "The Village" does have some scary moments, though, and I give Shyamalan credit for his originality, and for trusting the audience to think a little while they are being entertained.  I'd also point out that Shyamalan succeeds in making the audience want the monsters in the film to be real, even when their nature, is called into question.  The final twist in the film is as unexpected (in my opinion, anyway) as any that Shyamalan has created.  "The Village" may be more flawed than M. Night Shyalaman's previous efforts, but I must point out again that Shyalaman is at least trying something different, and the result is an entertaining if flawed film.     As a post-script, I've read some reviews elsewhere that tried to portray this film as somehow political.  I didn't see this at all, and I'd go so far to say, with all due respect, that those who read any political message into this film may need to try harder to let go of their political agendas long enough to enjoy a movie.  At any rate, if you're worried about politics intruding into an evening of movie-watching, don't worry about it in the case of this film!     