    Simply put, "The Incredibles" is more engaging and entertaining than many of the live action superhero films of the last few years.  It's on the same level as the excellent "Spiderman" films, and it blows away the dreary and depressing "Hulk" (sorry to remind you of that one).  The animation is top notch, as we've come to expect from Pixar.  The writing is clever, with some gentle jabs at political correctness, "mid-life crises", and our society's lawsuit-happy nature.  The characters are as well developed as those in the best live action "action films", and the supporting characters (especially Edna Mode) are as engaging and memorable as the leads.  The film contains affectionate nods to everything from superhero and spy films to the Rankin-Bass holiday specials of about 30 years ago (does anyone else think Syndrome resembles a slimmed-down Heat Miser from "The Year Without a Santa Claus"?).  The messages in the film about family and self-confidence are delivered with humor instead of sappy sentimentality.  All in all, a great film!   In addition to an excellent movie, the DVD release contains a second disc crammed with extra features, and most are well worth watching.  "Jak Jak Attack" shows what was happening when the babysitter made her frantic phone calls.  It plays a little like a collection of ideas that didn't make the final cut (possibly because they would have spoiled a couple of plot twists), but its funny and clever.  "Bounding" is a clever story by Bud Luckey, who's evidently an underrated writer and animator. "Bounding" (or is it "Boundin'" - I forget) is about a sheep who learns where his true happiness lies, but again, instead of being sappy, it get the point across in a humorous manner - sort of like a laid-back Dr. Seuss tale.  The deleted scenes are show through storyboards - some show the wealth of ideas the creators of the film had, while others show their wisdom in deciding what to include and what to leave out.  This is an extras disc that's actually as worthwhile as the feature film, and it completes a package that's one of the best entertainment values to come along in quite a while.     