   As at least one other reviewer has pointed out, one of the most amazing things about "Apollo 13" is the way it keeps viewers on the edges of their seats (sorry for the cliche) even though the outcome of the story is familiar to most anyone with an interest in the film.  This is a testament to the amount of work put into this film by absolutely everyone involved in its production.  Ron Howard's direction is excellent, the special effects are top notch (convincing without being over the top), and every single cast member handles their duties almost flawlessly.  The cast is as high profile as you could ask for. Tom Hanks, Gary Sinise, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Ed Harris, and Kathleen Quinlan are all well established stars, but the acting is clearly a team effort.   The story of Apollo 13 is of course a compelling subject for a film, and it deserves the deft handling it receives from Ron Howard and Co.  It's a bit sad to see how space exploration, including landing on the moon, had become routine, and even boring to the public by the time of the mission (the astronauts had to protest to the press that there was nothing routine about traveling to the moon, and those hoping to see TV coverage of the mission before the accident were disappointed).  This is especially sad considering the public had the same view of the shuttle missions before the Challenger and Columbia tragedies.  Whatever one's view of the value of space exploration vs. the cost, the astronauts who engage in this exploration deserve better, and "Apollo 13" drives this point home quite clearly.  The story of Ken Mattingly, who was cut from the flight, then brought in to assist with the rescue mission,  is also compelling, and is told quite well here.    The DVD extras in the Anniversary Edition are worthwhile, if not spectacular. There are some interesting documentaries, and an IMAX version that is apparently simply edited for time (a plus, perhaps, for those turned off by the length of the orginal cut).  Some reviewers have complained about the sound and picture quality, but I was satisfied.  I feel that fans of this film will be quite pleased with this DVD release.     