    "Under The Banner of Heaven" isn't a book I would have selected to read if browsing a bookstore or library, but since I received it as a gift, I decided to give it a chance.  I found it to be a fascinating, if disturbing, study of how religion, like any other means of "making sense of the universe" or just coping with life, can be horribly twisted with tragic results. Krakauer relates the story of the murder of a woman and her child, and the search for and capture of their killers , in a straightforward style, without any traces of sensationalism.  More noteworthy, though, is the deft manner in which Krakauer uses the case as a starting point for an examination of the splinter groups from the "main" LDS church.  Krakauer provides a concise history of the Mormon Church, from its founding, to its move into the "mainstream" (with its rejection of polygamy), to the rise of fringe groups who feel that this move was a detriment to the church, if not downright sinful.  There's a lot of information here, and Krakauer does a masterful job of presenting it.  I appreciate Krakauer's evenhanded analysis of the disturbing questions that are raised when extremists claim divine approval of violent acts.  Krakauer is apparently an agnostic (I believe he refers to himself as a "searcher" somewhere - if not, I think it was a similar phrase), but his discussions of faith are very evenhanded.  For every troubling question Krakauer poses regarding the extremist elements in the Mormon faith, he poses the same questions about other faiths, and even about other philosophies that would not be considered religions.  Again, the concept that belief systems can be twisted to violent ends isn't limited here to religious ideas. Everyone, in the end, has faith in something, and this faith can be twisted.  "Devout atheists" - those not content to not believe, but who seem to want to preach their ideas with the zeal of a 19th century fire-and-brimstone evangelist - will, I suspect, be disappointed with the care Krakauer takes not to paint all believers with the same brush.  Many believers may be uncomfortable with the subject matter.  As a relatively conservative Christian, I feel that those who reject this book for either reason are missing out on a fascinating and thought provoking read.     