 Let me say first that I don't think "Jesus films" are a good idea at all; you'll find out why shortly. But because this one is better than most, let us proceed...  Mostly because of the music featured on the Web site's original previews, I've seen THE GOSPEL OF JOHN -- both the movie (in theatres) and the DVD. Also, I'm very familiar with the recordings published by Esther Lamandier that were cited in the movie. I was pleased with the richness and diversity of Jeff Danna's film score, and thus bought the soundtrack (reviewed elsewhere).  First, the positive qualities of the film: Henry van Cusick brings an energy and =joie de vivre= to his role that one doesn't often see in portrayals of Jesus. (He actually makes us believe that someone as skinny as I used to be could drive out the money-changers and their cattle from the Temple.) The other parts seem well-cast too; the chief Pharisee in the Sanhedrin (who carries so much of the film's villany) very nearly steals the show through his =gravitas=. Much attention to physical detail exists in the film, which (if you know what you're looking at) can be very educational. And by purely human standards, the film is very emotive and uplifting.  Unfortunately, for me the negative qualities of the film are far more numerous. First, and most severely, portrayals of Jesus in art are clear violations of the Second Commandment -- something even the Catholic Church as late as Tertullian's time understood. Second, the portrayal we are offered is the same old skinny, long-haired, dirt-poor icon that was compiled centuries after the New Testament was written -- an icon which has nothing to do with the Bible or history (and which does not limit its errors to mere appearance). Third, many other historical details -- far too numerous to list here -- are completely overlooked by the film. Since when was the Passover celebrated with =leavened= pita bread, for example? All these lacks don't exactly build my faith in the film makers or in their supposedly expert consultants in religion and culture.  One nit I especially want to pick is the way Mme. Lamandier's musical contributions are described. You may read a longer critique elsewhere, where the soundtrack is offered. Suffice it to say here that Mme. Lamandier's melodic renditions (contrary to advertisement) are almost entirely not in Aramaic, but in biblical Hebrew. The Hebrew melodies themselves were restituted from the Masoretic accentuation by Suzanne Haik-Vantoura, who thankfully is mentioned properly in the film credits. (See my reviews of the book and the recording called THE MUSIC OF THE BIBLE REVEALED, sold elsewhere on Amazon.com.)  There are reasons why in antiquity, the Hebrew Bible was sung aloud (Ps. 119:54) and the Greek New Testament was read aloud (Rev. 1:1-3). One of them is that "faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God." Faith typically doesn't come by seeing (as Jesus noted for Thomas' benefit!), let alone by seeing a false and self-limiting concept of Jesus. But at least this particular false concept of Jesus is less perverse than that given to us by THE PASSION.     