 This album is the best evocation I've heard yet of Middle Eastern music at the end of antiquity. Most of it deals with the folk music (liturgical and otherwise) of the ancient synagogues. SAVAE also takes certain Beatitudes from the Aramaic New Testament (Peshitta) version and one song text taken from the Dead Sea Scrolls and sets them to ancient folk melodies. The ensemble's artistry then transforms these humble and often tonally bizarre tunes into beautiful, accessible and fascinating art songs. SAVAE granted me the opportunity to review "Ancient Echoes" before it was released, and I've heard the ensemble in three live concerts of this music since. One thing I still notice is that the synagogal scripture chants as such, however artfully performed, are almost always =detached= from the sense of the words -- especially in the case of the Ten Commandments (Exodus 20). The medieval Babylonian Jewish wedding songs are notable exceptions to this rule of detachment. So are the three early "classical" works on the recording: the famous Song of Seikilos from ancient Greece, the medieval "Arabian Dance", and the two versions of the Priestly Blessing ("Bircath Cohenim [sic]") taken from Numbers 6:22-27 in the Hebrew Masoretic Text. The melody from the latter was deciphered from the Masoretic musical accentuation by the late Suzanne Haik-Vantoura and was taken from her own first recording, likewise sold on Amazon.com. In performance it is slightly ornamented to reflect the musical trends documented for the late Second Temple period, occuring even among the Levites. (I have waited twenty years to hear such a glorious rendition of Haik-Vantoura's Priestly Blessing; and I understand it's a favorite of the ensemble, the producers and the audiences alike.) Artistically, I can hardly recommend this CD enough. My only caution is that one should not take the Sufi-inspired "translations" of the Aramaic Beatitudes by one Neil Douglas-Klotz (as found in the liner notes) too seriously. They seem to derive from the "root fallacy" -- that is, the belief (one common to many Westerners and Middle Easterners alike, if perhaps in different ways) that the meaning of a word consists in the sum of its parts. Such thinking leads the interpreter (as one may readily see) to conclusions which are completely the opposite of what the author of the Beatitudes intended to say.     