 Nowhere is it easier to "put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter" (cf. Isaiah 5:20) than in music. Certainly this book and its prequel by Kimberly Smith (and some of the customer reviews written about both) prove the point. Even more do some customer reviews of certain other products. Nevertheless, every reader of this book and other books of this genre needs to face the fact that music has what the Greeks called =ethos= or "moral force". Whether we =enjoy= how a specific style of music affects us or not is absolutely beside the point. Different elements of music, and different combinations of those elements, have specific and predictable effects on human beings, many of them now clinically measurable. There may be no disputing about taste, but taste is an unreliable guide of itself as to what is "good" in music. Nor may we look to style alone, for styles change from time to time and from culture to culture. I believe the most important point Mrs. Smith makes is that music, and especially so-called sacred music, that provokes the carnal, sensual passions of human nature should be avoided. Those who claim to be Christians and yet perform or listen to music that defies the instructions given in Romans 13:11-14 and elsewhere (usually on the poor excuse that they =enjoy= music that stimulates such passions) are living in a fool's paradise. We must not confuse mere sensuality with spirituality, and Mrs. Smith gives (along with many direct answers to objections from CCM supporters) many straightforward, practical guidelines for ensuring that we do not. (Her tables on pages 183-184 give a useful, if somewhat simplistic, summary toward that end.) This is not to say (as Mrs. Smith apparently does) that there are some things that are =inherently evil= in music. Medieval theorists rejected the dissonant tritone interval, whether melodic or harmonic, as "the devil in music". Mrs. Smith rejects the anapestic (weak-strong) rhythmic foot out of hand as likewise inherently evil (because its =constant repetition= is indeed sensual). But the original music of the Hebrew Bible -- to which she alludes very, very briefly while citing another publication that features it (p. 109 and footnote: "The Music of the Bible Revealed", sold elsewhere on Amazon.com) -- not only uses at times the tritone, but the Hebraic equivalent of the anapest, in order to bring out the meaning and expression of the words. Simply because our rock and rock-derived music ultimately draws its anapestic rhythms from African and Caribbean pagan music does not mean that the anapest, of itself, is evil. That would be simply ascribing guilt by association. The anapest, like the tritone, is merely =agitating= by nature -- and there are times when such agitation for effect is appropriate. Moreover, not all styles of contemporary music are totally out of keeping with biblical example and principle. With appropriate revision, they can be used to Godly effect. In the words of one of my own Bible teachers: "Usually it is not the thing, but the =use= of the thing, that is good or evil." The moral force of music lies not in any one element, but in how those elements are combined and in what order. With that clarification, Mrs. Smith's thought-provoking and generally helpful book would be greatly improved.     