 There are composers; there are "stylists"; and then there are those rare people (e.g., King David, J.S. Bach, John Denver) who create their own musical genres. Add to that select list Enya, who is second only to U2 as the most popular artist that Ireland has yet produced.  People in that select list are often criticized as sticking too closely to what they know. Such a critique misses the point. Every composer has his or her preferred musical motifs; those on this list are simply more idiosyncratic in their choices than others are. Enya is even more idiosyncratic than many. Once one understands that, one may appreciate just how creative Enya is within the musical boundaries she's (quite deliberately) set for herself.  One measure of Enya's creative growth is how long it takes one's ear to assimilate a given album. This one has taken considerably longer than any other (and I've heard them all). It's no surprise that there's much familiar musical and verbal material here. Yet just when one's ear almost gets lulled into complacency, Enya will take a melodic turn, a harmonic turn, a change in the style of an entire song that she's never taken before.  The name Amarantine (a variant spelling of amaranthine) itself has several meanings. Here it no doubt means "eternally beautiful, unfading", referring poetically to an imaginary flower. (The flower amaranth is quite real; one of its names is "love-lies-bleeding".) Appropriately, the album has a good number of the delicate to intense New Age love songs (including the title song) that are one of Enya's strong suits.  The magnificent opening track, "Less than a pearl" [sic], is the first of three tracks featuring the fictional Loxian language and concepts created by Roma Ryan for her book, Water Shows the Hidden Heart. (In fact Amarantine comes close in spirit to being a concept album; one wonders what would've happened had Enya and Roma carried the idea though.) An unexpected gem is "Sumiregusa (Wild Violet)", with Japanese lyrics. (Thankfully, both the Loxian and the Japanese texts are translated into English, although I'm not sure I prefer Roma's own Loxian font over a phonetic transliteration of that language.) In total and welcome contrast, there's "Long, long journey", which (too briefly!) takes the English folk hymn style (snare drum, choir and all) to places it likely has never seen before.  In this age of adrenaline junkies, many have lost their appreciation for the beauty and power of very simple, very slow melodies. Enya serves us some exemplars ("If I could be where you are" and "Drifting"). Not to worry -- the first is followed by some rollicking good Celtic fun ("The river sings", rather strangely so given the serious Loxian lyrics), and the second by the exquisite "Amid the falling snow".  And as for my title? Besides the cover's color, there's the Beatle-esque character of many of the album's songs, a character even more prominent than in A Day Without Rain. A nod to the 25th anniversary of John Lennon's death? Only Enya and the Ryans know for sure.  The one real fault of this album isn't what many critics will say it is. It's that on some songs (like "Long, long journey"), Enya hasn't thought through her ideas far enough structurally -- leaving the listener's ear unsatisfied. But I'm not about to give Enya 4 stars when I'd give her a solid 4.6 were that option available.     