 A great biography or memoir, like a great musical work, builds its narrative on a framework that lets the reader go to unexpected heights and depths. THE CHILDREN OF WILLESDEN LANE is such a memoir. In it, classical pianist Mona Golabek and journalist, screenwriter and poet Lee Cohen tell of the formative years of Mona's mother Lisa Jura, a prodigy on the piano who spent her early childhood in the Jewish district of Vienna. The memoir begins with the day of Lisa's last lesson with her old instructor, Professor Isseles, who has just been forbidden by the Nazis to instruct Jewish children. With perfect pacing, it leads the reader through the horror of *Kristallnacht*, the desperate decision by Lisa's parents to send their children (beginning with Lisa) on the legendary *Kindertransport* train to England, and the chain of events that brings Lisa to 243 Willesden Lane, a hostel for refugees in London. There we meet the adults and children who in time helped give wind to Lisa's wings: Mrs. Cohen, the hostel's matron; Gina, Lisa's often-jealous best friend; the other members of the Committee for the Resolution of All Ills (Gunter, Aaron, and Paul), blind Hans, the French captain who would one day marry Lisa, Lisa's sisters Sonia and Rose, and other vivid characters I'll grant the reader the privilege of meeting firsthand. We meet too the full horrors of Hitler's War as the Jewish and British peoples faced them: never sugar-coated, nor yet spelled out so graphically as to detract from the ultimately hopeful theme of the narrative. We encounter in response the full range of human emotions -- terror, depression, romance blooming and dying, heroism, stoicism, even a (mercifully brief) rapacious lust -- ending in the Allies' victory made terribly bittersweet by the news of the Nazi concentration camps. But of course, this book is not a mere "war story", but the story of a girl who, inspired by her mother and her own strong will, let the flame of her musicality sustain her through enormous difficulties. That combination (and the help of her friends and benefactors) eventually led to Lisa's acceptance at the prestigious London Royal Academy of Music, under the tutelage of one of its greatest piano teachers, Mabel Floyd. The description of Lisa's debut after the war, and of the emotions her playing provoked in her audience (including her fellow refugees and caretakers), is particularly evocative after all that comes before it. This is indeed a book that only a concert pianist and a poet could have written, for the subject demands a rare sensitivity. The book itself is shorter than its 272 pages might imply, for the typography is large and easy to read. As Lisa Jura herself might remark, THE CHILDREN OF WILLESDEN LANE is reminiscent of a Chopin concerto. It has just that kind of delicacy, passion and elegance.     