 I used to own a copy of the first edition of this book, thanks to my contact with its author. I plan to replace my lost copy with one of the second edition, and add to it Prof. Johansson's second book. I write on the assumption that the second edition of this book is not very different from the first. One thing that impresses me about "Music and Ministry" is that it is not afraid to ask the tough questions (both theoretical and practical) that musicians in mainstream Christianity face today. Calvin Johansson stands with others such as Frank Garlock, Ronald B. Allen and Kimberly Smith in his support of dignity and quality in sacred music -- which should not copy musical styles that are intended for sensual "entertainment", but should evoke the holy awe (in all its many emotions and attitudes) of being in God's presence. To this, I can only give a wholehearted "Amen". One thing that pleases me personally is that this book mentions in passing the work of Suzanne Haik-Vantoura (d. 2000) with the musical notation of the Hebrew Bible (Masoretic Text). That work is likewise sold on Amazon.com ("The Music of the Bible Revealed", book and recording). Had Prof. Johansson dealt more with Mme. Haik-Vantoura's discovery, in the light of the implications of the biblical narrative regarding the choice of instrumentation, choral organization, and so on in the original cultural context, he would have had more effective answers to some objections to his books by reviewers here and elsewhere. Reviewing Haik-Vantoura's work more might also have helped him define better what the tension in sacred music (and indeed in the true Gospel itself) really is. The original "music of the Bible" (especially in Psalms) combines classical sensibility with folk accessibility, and has great creativity within very limited technical means. Yes, it is chant, but of a more wholesome spirit than that of the early and medieval, antinomian Christian sects. It neither yields an inch to carnal sensuality nor denigrates the reality of human experience. For the tension inherent in truly valid sacred music is the biblical tension of law =and= grace (not law =versus= grace). Too much of what passes for Christian music, whether chant, classical, folk or CCM, effectively turns grace into license and denies the Lord it claims to serve, in both words and music. Had Prof. Johansson brought this out more effectively, I would have given his book 5 stars rather than 4 stars -- and he might well be using his talents somewhere else than at Evangel College today.     