 Unless science fiction is very, very "hard" -- and sometimes even then -- there are always elements of fantasy involved, especially when it's presented onscreen. Whether on television or on the silver screen, Star Trek (ostensibly a science fiction series) has never been shy about using however much or little fantasy is required to make its point. The show has always been first and last a humanist morality play, a myth for modern times, and to critique it solely from the point of view of hard science misses the point.  That said, I liked this DVD even better than a DVD I saw first, Spider-Man 2 (likewise a morality play in the best Marvel Comics tradition) -- which is saying a great deal. Many have already commented on the plot of ST: Nemesis, so I need say no more here. But for me, at least, the Star Trek universe is more "realistic" than that of Peter Parker, even though he lives and moves (so splendidly!) in modern New York. I think it's because the humans and aliens in this film are not superpowered; it's their machines as extensions of (yet as separate from) themselves that have tremendous capacities for good or evil. Moreover, Picard and his nemesis Shinzon (thanks to the respective technologies at their service) are not nearly so equally matched as Spider-Man and Dr. Octopus apparently are. "Doc Ock", those mighty mechanical arms notwithstanding, has a human part vulnerable to Spider-Man's superior fleshly strength. Shinzon's Scimitar is a "predator" that eats Federation starships and Romulan Warbirds (not to overlook planets like Earth) for breakfast. Only great skill, character and sacrifice on the part of Picard and Data in particular can overcome Shinzon's advantages. If anything, I think that Spider-Man's dictum "with great power comes great responsibility" is even more one of the themes of ST: Nemesis than of Spider-Man 2 -- even if that theme is not one of the overt aims of the first film.  And now, let's hope that the next film in this series breaks the pattern of odd-numbered Trek films being of lesser quality...     