 The Psalms and songs of the Bible are of course well-known to all Bible students. What is not so commonly known is that all of Hebrew Scripture was originally meant to be sung -- and that to instrumental accompaniment. "Your statutes have been my *zemirot* (songs accompanied by harp or lyre) in the house of my pilgrimage" (Psalm 119:54). The vocal melodies are said to be contained in the "musical accents" (*te`amim*) of the Hebrew Masoretic Text. Suzanne Haik-Vantoura (d. September 22, 2000) sought to rediscover the original musical meaning of the *te`amim*, which have been given many different musical interpretations by the synagogue communities. Starting from the premise that the *te`amim* are primarily musical (not primarily exegetical as the Masoretes assumed), and using the Hebrew verbal syntax as her "Rosetta Stone" (technically, her "virtual bilingual"), she systematically derived a "deciphering key" capable (for the first time) of explaining all the features of the notation and its relationship to the words. Moreover, she discovered evidence that the *te`amim* (which transcribe a system of hand- and finger-gestures used to conduct music) actually preserve the melodies created by the biblical authors and transmitted along with their own words. This Harmonia Mundi France recording is the first of eight that have been produced to date. (The others, produced by Alienor, are available only from France or other locations outside the U.S.) It is the shortest, and in some ways the least well-produced, but has the greatest variety of texts for its size. (Modern instruments are used; the instrumental arrangements and choral harmonies are meant to evoke, not to reconstruct, the original settings.) The marvelous renditions of Pss. 23, 24 and 122, plus the Elegy of David, alone make the purchase worthwhile. While there are some transcription errors in some melodies, they do not seriously affect the simple, yet profound character of the arrangements. This recording (properly called *La musique de la Bible revelee*) originally appeared as an LP in 1976, along with the first edition of the French book of the same title. The LP won a *Diapson d'Or* (Gold Tuning Fork) and other awards in France; the book (2nd ed.), the Prix Bernier from the Institute of France. The English translation of the French book is likewise available ... For more information on Haik-Vantoura's work (and for answers to questions raised here by other reviewers!), please see my Web site ... Contact information is also available there.     