 I have to admit that I'm a bit torn in my review of this book.  Overall the book is a good summary of many of the stories and concepts that were touched on in previous books.  But new ground is not broken, in my opinion.  It is a mile-marker book, a potential segue. And although I found this to be an enjoyable read, I felt as if I'd just read the "flashback episode" of The Chronicles.   Anne Rice does a terrific job of describing the ancient world.  It's obvious that she's worked a long time to develop her knowledge of Western culture and history (particularly Roman). In fact, while others may not like Rice's Pandora and Vittoro books, I found their biographical and historical qualities to be quite intriguing.  To each their own, right?  The oft-spoken-of character of Marius is the central character of this book.  He is the keeper of the "Divine Parents" (prior to to Queen of the Damned), maker of Pandora, maker of Armand, and student of Art, History, Literature, and Culture.  He makes his appearance throughout history and learns to live among mortals, even befriending the artist Botticelli.  He becomes a socialite, while preserving the secret of his blood-drinker Nature and the secret of the Divine Parents ... for the most part.  He is hounded by the continual appearance of the Satanic cult of vampires, which his beloved Armand eventually joins.  And, inevitably, his heart is broken time and again by the ones he loves. That's the gist of it. The story behind it all? I'm still not sure.  Readers who are not familiar with Rice's previous additions to the Chronicles will be a bit lost, as this book cannot stand alone.  Readers of the Chronicles may find this to be an acceptable supplement to those other vampire stories.  Rice is a master wordsmith, and this book will draw you into it by virtue of the language alone, even if it doesn't draw you to a conclusion.  Perhaps the book is just a tool to segue into a new realm for the blood-drinkers.  If so, this book has served its purpose. If not, then perhaps it's time to place a solid "The End" on the Chronicles before another "flashback" story comes out.     