 I truly hope that Steinke's other books are better.  This particular book was so disappointing that I'm not sure what about this book (aside from the cover) is appealing to people. The basic story is that of a woman who is mad at her parents.  Sleeping with strangers, being in love with a gay man, prostituting herself out to horny old men, and conversing with a little man, a Pig, and a woman named after an avenue in New York aside, this is the story of a woman who refuses to take responsibility for her own life. Instead, she blames all of the stupid things she does on her father's infidelity and her mother's lack of self-esteem -- typical suffering-artistic drivel from the early 90's.   It is so glaringly obvious by the end of the book that Jesse's (the protagonist) supposed codependence on others is a mask for her own self-absorption. Even in the end, when someone very close to her commits suicide, her response is amazingly dominated by "I" statements. In fact, her claim is that he died for her. I found it incredibly difficult to muster any sympathy for this character.   In addition to a protagonist that deserves no sympathy from the reader, Steinke further ruins the reading experience with descriptions that make absolutely no sense.  "The bathroom smelled like anxiety" is a prime example.  Taken out of context or in context, this description is rubbish.  Does anyone know what anxiety smells like?  If so, please enlighten the rest of the world.   Quite honestly, I'm not even sure how I made it past the first chapter, which is riddled with similes. "Like a beetle," "like snakes," "like a used condom" -- Steinke has committed, in this chapter alone, the first act of murder of a novel by simile-overload that I've ever witnessed.  Her use of metaphor is even more deplorable.  Overall, I got the impression that Steinke, while writing this, would write a phrase, sit back with her hands clasped behind her head, smile, and say "Now someone will be impressed by that."  For me, however, her language sounded like it was forced through a first-year poetry class filter.  The plot is lost under all of this language.  In truth, the story could've been written in a short story or, at most, a novella format. Instead, Steinke (and I use her own words) would "rather revel in some tragic poignancy."  My advice to Steinke is that she should let the story be poignant on its own and let the characters create the poetry in their own language. Don't cover the whole book with your own self-important, psycho-analytic, suffering artist, poetic diarrhea.   My advice to readers is ... avoid this book.     