 In Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World, Murakami has created a reality that readers will find hard to escape from. In fact, he's created two realities where readers are drawn in by the sirens' call of Murakami's use of characterization and narrative prose.  Each character is unique and likeable in some respect (even the thugs), and, interestingly, by the climax/fusing of these two stories, no true antagonist is brought into the picture.    One reality is that of a number-crunching "Calcutec" who, through hypnosis, is able to process various data through his mind, encrypt it, and write it back out without any memory of the process.  Unfortunately, his kind is dying out from an unexplained shutdown of the brain.  Other Calcutecs who received the same operation to facilitate their careers are simply dying in their sleep from no traceable medical problems.  At the center of this dilemma are an eccentric old scientist and his chubby granddaughter, the only two that can answer the data processor's questions.  In fact, it seems that the professor is at the root of the problem, since he first created this complex operation.  Chased by INKlings (grotesque, underworld creatures) and thugs, the protagonist must venture through Tokyo's underground tunnels to figure out the source of a unicorn skull and the purpose of his most recent data processing session. In the other, parallel reality, the protagonist resides in a high-walled medieval town, inhabited by spiritless people and golden, one-horned beasts.  Stripped of his shadow, he must regain his mind and his memories, and escape back to "reality."  He and his shadow conspire to map out the town and find the Wall's weakness, but they are kept apart by the Gatekeeper, who controls the beasts and the impenetrable Gate.  His daily task is to read the "old dreams" contained in the skulls of beasts that have frozen throughout the winter.   Both realities are inseparable.  Both stories draw to an unexpected conclusion.   This book will leave you wanting to read more of Murakami's work.  Like the American writer, Kurt Vonnegut, Murakami will stretch your imagination by presenting stories that will leave you saying "hmm" long after you finish reading them.     