 Overall I am very happy with the camera, but couldn't give it 5 stars because (1)No date/time imprinting function (2)Picture quality is only comparable to my old Pentax IQZoom point-and-shoot film camera.  I will try to list pros and cons that are not discussed in other posts.  Pros: 1) Video format is AVI and can be easily played on computer. 2) Tons of manual controls to set aperture, exposure, focus, etc. 3) When doing manual focus, a window pops up with zoomed-in image so that you can see if the focus is good. 4) Time lapse shooting and continuous shooting available (read online manual) 5) Very versatile LCD. Can be flipped, twisted, and turned in many positions. 6) You can take many pictures and stitch them together to make a huge picture (read the online manual)  Cons: 1) Regular AA batteries run out too quickly. NiMH batteries are working well. 2) No functionality to imprint date/time on the image. 3) You need high-speed (18X) CF to be able to shoot video in highest quality. 4) Lens cap doesn't fit snugly, but can be tied to shoulder belt loop so you don't lose it. 5) Doesn't fit in my existing digital camera bag - plan on buying a new one. 6) LCD is too small.  Recommendations: 1) Bought a 4GB Hitachi MiniDrive ($170 @ outpost) and I am happy. 2) Flash is adequate, but a slave flash ($20 @ Ritz) might help. 3) When buying the bag, make sure it has pouches for spare batteries and CF cards. Also, make sure the camera fits in the main pouch.  Updated On 12/27/2004: I bought "Targus DPBC03 ProBlack Digital Camera Case Max" camera bag from Amazon. S1 IS barely fits in the bag. There is a pouch to keep batteries. The pouch is big enough to hold CF card also. I am going to keep the bag, but you might want to consider buying a slightly larger bag.  I tried the "photo stitch" functionality over the weekend. I shot two scenaries and stiched them. One came out very well - impossible to know that it is stitched. Other scene seems to need some manual work to be done - one of the shots in the series wouldn't merge well.     