 I bought this just a few days ago. It was very easy to install - instructions and connections are simple. It took me three hours to completely install it, but much of the time was taken by the physical work (hanging the speakers, etc.), but just a few minutes to figure out the connections. I haven't played with it fully to see if there is anything wrong with the system. I have tested a few FM stations - reception was fine and sound only came through from two front speakers. I have also tested a music CD, it played well - with sound in all speakers - but nothing great. I could clearly hear the sub-woofer doing its work though. Then I played Shrek DVD. Surround sound was fantastic. Too good for the price of the system. I will be trying some other DVDs real soon. Remote control is very thin (probaly 1/4" thick). I didn't feel comfortable with the remote. Remote comes with a button-cell battery. Opening the battery door is tricky - just look at the embossed diagram and follow it. Four speakers have a hook on the back to hang them on the wall, but the center speaker has nothing to hang it. I am currently hanging it by the wires, but I have to figure something out. System comes with one antenna for FM and another for AM. Visit CircuitCity.com to have a 360-degree view of the whole system (you can see all the inputs and outputs). Update (01/26/2004): 1) I hate the remote control. My TV remote control is programmable, but it can't communicate with this system. I must use the remote that comes with the system. The remote has some kind of latency. You have to wait a second or two before issuing the next command. Also, you have to be close and in front of the system. 2) I still haven't found any problem with the DVD movie playing capability or the sound system. Overall, it works fine. 3) Music CDs and FM radio play fine and no problem 4) Playing MP3 songs is a different story. Some songs sound funny (like another reviewer mentioned, sounds like a tin box). Some MP3 songs repeat at the end and keep repeating until I physically change the track. This is the most annoying problem so far. The songs sound fine on the computer and on my portable MP3 player. Looks like MP3 attributes (bit rate and sampling frequency) cause this problem.     