 If you have not read the book and are solely relying on the films, then you should stop reading this; I give away the ending. Any writer worth his or her salt would tell you, that adapting a book to a movie is very difficult. It's not hard to imagine the difficulty in transforming written words that in our minds become pictures and sounds: What each of us gather from books is our own unique experience as our minds are uniquely different from one another. The difficulty in adapting books to movies lies in the fact that we're almost always disappointed with the result. Whether the movie does not follow the book's sequence of events, whether certain scenes or chapters are omitted, or whether certain characters are omitted or combined with other minor characters, there's always something that disappoints someone. We must remember that adaptations are simply interpretations, and expecting them to be completely faithful to the written texts would be unreasonable. In Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (FotR), and I believe for the upcoming The Two Towers (TTT) and The Return of the King (TRofk), it remains faithful to some of the central themes of Tolkien's books, that of pluralism and pity. That there is no one or even few heroes-if you will-who decide the outcome of the story is in my view refreshing, and quite the opposite of many hero films that promote individualism, that a single hero singularly saves the world. How often does this happen? Was there a person who single-handedly decided the outcome of WWII? Was the United States single-handedly built by one person? Despite its fantasy nature, LotR is much more realistic and speaks to the heart than other films. The book makes clear (and hopefully the rest of the film) that no one, and no objects mentioned are wasted; they all serve a purpose in the War of the Ring. One aspect that was left out in the theatrical release, but thankfully kept in the extended DVD edition, is Bilbo's pity-as spoken by Gandalf-of Gollum that ultimately saved Gollum's life. Who are we, as Gandalf would ask, to quickly deal out death, when there are so many that die who deserve life, and so many that live who deserve death? As readers of the book know, it was actually Gollum that casts the ring (albeit accidentally) in Mount Doom, and not Frodo. Had Bilbo or Frodo not felt the pity for Gollum, the Quest would have ultimately failed. And I think the film does, and will continue to reinforce these themes. There are a few things the theatrical release leaves out, but are restored (some of them anyway) in the extended DVD edition that are important for the two upcoming movies: The gifts given by Galadriel before the Company's departure from Lorien, with especially the scene of Gimli and Galadriel that has a powerful significance between the relationship between the Dwarves and the Elves. The weapons given to the hobbits by Aragorn atop Weathertop, while in the book they were actually found with help from Tom Bombadil, are also critical to the outcome and hopefully will be for the movies as well. If the movie was to be completely faithful to the book, then 17 years should have elapsed since Bilbo's 111th birthday and the beginning of the quest; the Company spends 2 months in Rivendell before finally setting out on their quest. For pacing reasons (and correctly so), the movie skips over them. I highly recommend viewers read the books if not only to serve as a guide to the movies (the upcoming ones as well). You'll appreciate the depth and richness and the sheer complexity that make reading the 1,000 pages or sitting through over 9 hours of film (if you add up the three movies) so rewarding. I know I didn't describe this so pleasingly, and I have to admit the book is a little slow in the beginning, but you'll finish before you know it. And you'll appreciate the efforts the filmmakers put into making this faithful masterpiece.     