 This is my first FF game, but not the first RPG game. After reading about FFX in various gaming sites, I decided to buy one and see for myself; the graphics people had been raving about, the superb gameplay, and the engaging storyline--all I think true to a point. There are some holes that I think prevents it from a perfect 5 stars, but don't let that stop you from getting this game. The story is about a young man named Tidus, a superstar blitzball player. One night during a major match, the ultimate evil (which we later find out as Sin) destroys the city of Zanarkand. He manages to escape with the help of his friend Auron, and Tidus ends up in Besaid. There he meets Yuna,a summoner, and her guardians Kimahri, Wakka, and Lulu. They are preparing for a pilgramage to Zanarkand to defeat Sin, and Tidus joins them on their journey. The gameplay is fairly simple, as the game itself plays like a movie. There are lengthy cutscenes and in between you control Tidus to move or interact with other characters. The freedom of movement is pretty limited--there is no going around exploring the environment (a la Grand Theft Auto:Vice City), which in a way keeps you focused on the goal. As you travel, you encounter fiends (monsters) which you must fight. The fighting is turn-based, similar to the classic RPG board games I had played in my youth. The turn-based system is (in my personal view) somewhat nostalgic, and helpful to plan the battles. At any given battle, only 3 characters are able to fight, but you can switch with other characters at any time, depending on the enemies and the capabilities of the characters as each character has different strengths (magical or swordsmanship/fighting abilities). Points are earned, and equally among the members who have fought, which lead to spheres that you can use to determine how you can develop each of the characters. This "sphere system" is similar to Diablo II's system, where you assign points that you earn from fighting battles to develop specific strenghts and talents. I liked both systems in that you had to carefully plan how each of the characters were to be developed. Mistakes are costly (but not game-ending), and if you quicky see the talents and strengths of each and exploit them, it rewards you (by having your characters win battles). The religion of Yevon, while not directly parallel to major religions of today, the aspect of fanaticism and warring over religion is strangely familiar to today's events. The true nature of Yevon and Sin, good vs. evil, is that they need each other to exist. The other aspect of the gameplay is solving puzzles. As you travel to different places, you visit temples of the pilgramer's religion, Yevon. Solving puzzles lead to unlocking the Aeons that you can also use to fight enemies. The puzzles themselves are easy and do not require a lot of time. Basically, solve the puzzles, travel and fight enemies.  You can tell where most of the development money went by watching the cutscenes. The graphics are indeed superb, with realistic movements and textures, and music that tightly accompanies the scenes. It's good cinematics and Square did spend a lot of time on this part. However, the cutscenes are a little uneven in that the quality of the early scenes are noticeably worse than the later ones, or major ones. You can notice Tidus' hair not budging at all (even in underwater) in one of the ealy scenes, and in the later ones his hair flows naturally as he moves around. And since cutscenes are only meant to be viewed, the developers can spend a lot of resources making them look beautiful. The gameplay graphics are I think mediocre considering that there are other games (Halo, Spliter Cell) that dynamically render the gameplay and achieve stunning results. The voice acting, while it does add to the overall game, is poor. I found myself many times reaching for the mute button and just read the subtitles to get over lenghtly and painful dialogs. It seems also that the English dialogs were simply overlaid on top of the Japanese dialogs--characters keep "talking" on screen even though they stopped talking. If you recall the old Godzilla movies, or even the Kung-fu movies dubbed from the original, you'll know what I mean. I also found some aspects of the characters themselves to be (in my personal opinion) a little annoying. The look and feel are what I consider as Japanese view of "Western-looking" (white/caucasian) people--Japanese facial features mixed with blond hair and blue eyes. They always pose the perfect pose, they always have the perfect facial expression. It left me exasperated. The most annoying aspect, however, is the fact that development resources were not quite effectively spent on battles. As you move certain parts of the area trigger battles. This means, if you forgot something and need to move back, the battles starts all over again and after a few turns of this, it gets very old very fast, and not very engaging. I wish that they would have spent as much effort and resources on the battle sequences as they did on the cutscenes. FFX is a pretty good RPG. Compared to Diablo and Diablo II with their dynamic gameplay and intelligent enemies, it doesn't quite add up. But don't buy FFX solely for its fighting aspect, buy it for the whole package and it'll help you overlook the flaws and annoyances.     