 Pros: Superb graphics, environment, and control Likeable characters and plausible storyline (it's Tom Clancy, after all) Breathtaking suspense without the heavy violence Cons: Enemy AI can be weak People use stereotypical accents Can cause adults to skip work When it comes to spies, the image that we conjure up is typically of the likes of James Bond, the flashy and overt kind, with lots of beautiful women and coll-looking gadgets. In the real world, however, spying tends to be a little more on the covert side, and the best spies are ones who haven't been discovered--yet. Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell (SC) is that kind of game. It's a thinking man's (or woman's) game where patience and stealth is rewarded. In the game, you play Sam Fisher, a member of the NSA's "Splinter Cell" group. This group, comprised of the mission commander, the "technical geek" (for lack of a better term), the driver, and you. Most of the physical contact is between you and the driver, and the commander and the "tech geek" are observing you through GPS implanted in Sam's body. They communicate voally through an implant in Sam's body, as well as a palm pilot that Sam uses to gather mission data. The game is played in third-person mode, with the camera angles that are controlled entirely by you. This allows more freedom of movement than other games of similar genre (Metal Gear Solid 2). The game is made up of 9 missions (10 if you count the training mission) that are linear in sequence. The basic mission involves infiltration, information gathering (or kidnapping), and extraction without being noticed. You are given limited amount of ammunition so you can't just walk up and start shooting--your  enemies are better shots, and have more powerful guns--you won't last long. And in some levels, getting caught or killing anyone results in mission failure. The key to this game is taking advantage of the environment. The environment is  rendered so beautifully that it is a sight to see. The lighting effects are dynamic, meaning that as Sam moves, or as the source of light moves, the shadows  change realistically. Darkness id your best friend, but in later levels your enemies have night vision goggles or have dogs that can sniff you out. You move  from shadow to shadow, sneaking past guards. You can kill them, knock them unconscious, or use them to open locked doors or computers. The game control really sets this game apart from others. It's very intuitive  and not overly complex. Yet it still allows you to move Sam in many different ways. The game also builds your skills as you progress through the levels. In  one, you may have had to rappell down a wall, in the next, you may rappell and shoot. It make you feel confident, but one problem is that the game controls  where you save--and it leads to frustrating hours of trial and error because you messed up just before the save point. The acting is very good, and not overly dramatic like some Japanese Animes. Tom  Clancy like to be a little realistic and so he doesn't have Sam's Wife or daughter calling him in the middle of a mission (see my review on Metal Gear  Solid 2), nor does he create characters that are sullen and try too hard to act cool. Sam's a no-nonsense kind of guy with a dry sense of humor. His personality  adds to the dimension, but is not overpowering. You can identify with him. But not so much with the enemies unfortunately. They tend to use really bad Slavic  accents (if you're in Georgia) or accents you can't identify (in Burma). I also think Tom Clancy may have a thing for Georgians/Russians and the Chinese. Splinter Cell and Ghost Recon, two of the titles of his namesake, have them as enemies. The enemy AI is very good; as your enemies patrol, they are sensitive to sight and sound. The music plays a big role in setting the tone of the situation; when  you're caught, you'll know even before they fire a single shot. But, the AI can also be very dumb. With unsconscious or dead comrades around, if the rest of  them can't find you, they give up by saying, "maybe it was a shadow," or "maybe it was an alley cat" (plus other "humorous" phrases). When they patrol, it's on  a set course and they never vary, so many times it's just a matter of timing your movements. Negatives aside, Splinter Cell is a welcome and necessary addition to any  serious XBOX (or other consoles). You know it's a good game when you haven't killed anyone, yet you're drenched in suspense.     