 And at what price? These are some of the questions raised as a fiery Baptist preacher drives his family to the ground in his valiant (in his mind) attempt to convert the people of Congo to the ways and love of Christ. As told by the four women of his family -- wife Orleanna, oldest daughter Rachel, twins Leah and Adah, and youngest Ruth May -- the book chronicles their lives as a missionary family in Congo, amidst the political upheavals that shaped the continent politically and socially, and even tragically. Nathan the preacher, behind the take-no-prisoners style of mission, is actually a frail man. Tormented by his war past, he is driven to settle the score between cowardice and bravery. Behind the wall, he is unable to even provide basic foods and needs for his family -- a "higher calling," as one of his daughters states. His tyranny is unbearable to his family, until one day, with just the clothes on their backs, the women escape from the clutches of Nathan the husband and father, Nathan the preacher man whom the village regarded as dangerous. Rachel never wanted to come to Africa, Leah strived to be father's favorite, Adah was crippled from birth and had a twisted, but sensible, view on life, and Ruth May was like the little mongoose. The narration, from each women, are multidimensional, although I thought sometimes Kingsoler's political agenda got in the way through Leah's narrations. Yet their lives are intertwined like vines with Africa. As their fortunes (so to speak) change, as they age, their lives always revolve around the continent they hated.  The book is full of foreshadowing. From the moment they step off the plane in Congo, the night when the army ants attack, to the entire village fighting over the game hunted in desperation -- desperate need of sustenance as the drought dried everything left to eat -- I couldn't help feeling dread as the family, and the entire village, slowly disintegrated. As an atheist, I asked myself, what would be proper in God's eyes? Answering the call of higher being and neglecting and abusing -- the inability to provide -- your own family? Or should the basic needs of family should be met in balance? Perhaps in Nathan's eyes, what he did was in balance, or that there never could be such a thing when God's calling is involved. Even as a former Christian, it's a question that I, nor anyone in church could really answer. I always believed salvation starts from within. Within one's self, withing one's family. If Nathan's own family despised him, and ultimately rejects God (which he wouldn't have known, but for the sake of the argument...) how could he have expected to bring salvation to strangers? If I have to find a fault in this book, it's the lack of dimension with Nathan. I wished for his own perspective, not tainted perspectives from his family. It's the lack of understanding I felt, perhaps the entire family felt, that left me a little frustrated, and yet a little sympathetic for Nathan. Each of the women close their chapters with Nathan a little differently, and each of them remind us, one must save himself in order to save others.     