 Pros: Tactical, stealthy Interesting storyline Good voice acting Cons: Difficult to control Questionable aspect in story Overly dramatic cutscenes Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance (MGS2) is a welcome addition to any XBOX gamer, especially for those who like Japanese Anime, especially those overly dramatic Animes that for me personally, is annoying. Moreover, unconventional and somewhat confusing style of control takes a little getting used to--after bouts of frustrating trials and errors. The game has two main levels, Tanker and Plant. There are other smaller levels, under Missions and Snake's Tales which I have not played yet (and not covered in this review). There are additionally reference materials that add to the background. In the first level, you play as Snake (the guy with the mullet) to infiltrate inside a cargo ship that has the superweapon, Metal Gear. Unknown to the operators (US Marines), the Russians have secretly infiltrated as well in an attempt to steal the weapon. Your mission is to find and photograph the weapon while avoiding enemies. Simple. The second level has you playing another character also named Snake, but has his name (these are mission names) changed to Raiden. Raiden is somewhat annoying, and I found the story/plot development strange with the involvement of his girlfriend as a mission specialist--which I will cover later. The game is played in a 3/4-format--most of the time. At times as the character moves, the camera angle switches automatically. Sometimes the placement is not where you'd expect, and you end up with a character that had been sneaking along the wall to his left, suddenly sneak along to his right, or worse, start running somewhere you don't want to. I think it may have to do with the preference--having played Splinter Cell where I had total control over the camera angles, it took a while to get familiarized with the controls. Moreover, you have to switch between 3rd person and 1st person view if you want to shoot and hit your target. But while in the 1st person view, you can only look--no movement is allowed--which makes it incredibly frustrating: The 3rd person view does not allow you to see exactly where your character is looking, so often times as I switch he's looking the wrong way! Luckily, the enemy AI is so dumb that he can't see you (let along hear you) 20 feet away. As you progress, you are confronted with "boss" enemies which I believe are ridiculous given the nature of this game ("Tactical Espionage Action"). In between, there are myriads of cutscenes that are beautifully rendered and for the most part, acted well, and if seeing for the first time, add valuable insight to the story. If not, you can mercifully skip them. And the cutscenes is where I find overly dramatic nature of some Japanese Animes so irritating. I think that's personal preference, though. However, the story between Raiden and his girlfriend Rose leaves a lot to be desired. I don't know about you, but if my significant other was involved in a mission that was life-or-death, I probably would not keep asking "Do you know what day tomorrow is?" and other very personal--yet so engmatic questions that only females are capable of asking. She reminds me of my past loves--always asking questions that I had no answers to leaving it up to me to figure it out... but I should stop talking about that! The game is very tactical. A radar appears on the top left corner to let you see where your enemies are, and their field of vision. It's not terribly hard to see your enemies, which sometimes diminishes the suspense. Thankfully, the radar can be turned off. On the other hand, I didn't find the game terribly stealthy like Splinter Cell, but both reward you if you're patient and put in a lot of thought. This is NOT a game where you can walk in and start shooting. Patience and strategy is rewarded. Naturally, action sometimes can't be avoided. Because the game requires you to constantly switch between 3rd person and 1st person because at critical moments, you can't exactly tell where your character is looking at. Additionally, the game controls the camera angles, not you. In that sense, I didn't find the controls even remotely intuitive, and led to many frustrating bouts of trials and errors. Graphics is good as any good XBOX game, with complex objects (most of which are not interactive) and good lighting effects. Music is superb, as well is the menu and general interface (NOT the character movement). Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance is a game for those who enjoy strategic games. It takes a bit of getting used to, but you should give it a try regardless.     