 Perhaps this is the story Sir Arthur Conan Doyle would have penned were he apprehended at a circus performance and dispatched straight to his  typewriter. Fata Morgana is a solid mystery with fantasy elements that  elevate it from sleuth versus villain into an enigmatic and elusive tale  tinged with Gypsy mystery, parlor games and extortionist magic. Inspector  Picard, career descending and body weight ascending, is on the trail of Ric  Lazare who is bilking high-society members out of considerable cash. Ric  Lazare possesses a machine that foretells the future, but this alone does  not explain his hold on those in his circle of influence. Picard  investigates with the intention of exposing the salon scam of a medium and  his costly advice, instead, he encounters the unknown - Black Magic, Grand  Bewitching, the creations of a German toy maker, and a nagging  foreshadowing of events, particularly his own demise. Picard's sleuthing  takes him through Nuremberg, Budapest and Old-World Paris and everything  Picard discovers lays in shadows, echoes and reflections. Discovering the  background and identity of Ric Lazare (and his stunning wife, Renee, who  has Paris bewitched) is what keeps the reader turning the pages. Clues come  from: 1.) The mysterious death a priest. 2.) A half-Paleolithic family on  a one-way forest trail somewhere on the steppes of Eastern Hungary. 3.) A  hashish smoking Chief of Police. (The smoke is rather strong...occasionally  it renders me unconscious.) 4.) A gifted toy maker, his evil apprentice,  and ultimately the toys themselves, which are "much finer than men and much  worse." 5.) A library in Paris where a volume of century old letters and  diary excerpts reveal the true, yet impossible, identity of Ric Lazare and  his wife Renee. Kotzwinkle adds amusing sensuality to his descriptions of  Nineteenth century Paris. (1861) What other capital would throw a party for  the Great Whores of the City? The description of this party and the sauced  satyr, Count Cherubini, who hosts it are worth the read alone. Extravagant  debauchery Old-World style. Kotzwinkle includes several zestful scenes  between Inspector Picard and the ladies - a prostitute, an enchantress, and  a woman in a tavern whom he seduces by hiring a gypsy Cymbolom player to  envelop her in aural foreplay. Picard is quite the ladies man and these  scenes show that while he may be an old dog, the learning of new tricks  isn't necessary if the old ones are masterfully performed!     