 Charlie Croker is one pig-headed cracker from the old-South. Charlie raises horses, fearlessly handles snakes, shoots quail, runs his own fleet of jets, is married to a younger, beautiful women, and is in general a good  ole boy -- even owns an honest ta gawd plantation where all the helpin'  folk are black.  Charlie is also a man in prime need of a humbling  experience. Charlie is a real estate developer and his most serious  problems develop as a result of a wide-body ego coupled with backward  planning -- desire it, act on it, followed by, plan for it, pay for it.  Croker becomes overextended on a real estate deal for a development that is  largely a monument to himself, even named it The Croker Concourse. This  leads to a "workout session" at Planners Bank, where Charlie is given a  most unpleasant reception. Wolfe describes the scene in vintage style,  casting a rheumy eye on corporate America and its ugly military efficiency  and total bottom line orientation. It is at this point where you will  realize that you have come to like Charlie Croker, that you are pulling for  this humus head from south of the gnat line, that Croker, raw and crude as  he is, contains a genuine spirit and optimism that has been bleached out of  the rest of us. Politics and money drive the entire story. Wolfe shows  how saturated Americans are with these two Noble Truths. (Even  Conrad-the-stoic's actions, the spiritual soul of this 787 page journey,  were brought about by the frustrations of not being an economically viable  member of society.) A Man in Full is a snort fest, (I read this while bus  commuting and couldn't contain my laughter, despite the worried stares)  Wolfe's satire is as biting as a side ache, unfortunately, the truth  running beneath the humor is a sobering one. This is the kind of book our  grand kids will read and when they finish it, they will close the book and  exclaim, "My god, were you people ever messed up!"  I especially liked  the chapters dealing with Atlanta's black mayor. He is like an inverted  Oreo, posing publicly as white for the "money" constituents from the  wealthy white neighborhoods, and posing privately as black for the less  economically powerful, but more numerous black voters. The tribal art  collection ebbs and flows through his office in accordance with the  political tide! Wolfe brings the mayor, Croker and Planners Bank together  on an issue that threatens to explode the entire city in racial tension.  Fareek Fanon, a black football star is accused of raping a white woman from  one of Atlanta's most influential families. If Croker, (a former football  great) speaks out on Fareek's behalf, maybe the mayor can help him with all  his debts to Planners Bank? And maybe someone high up in Planners Bank will  be owed a valuable gift in return for forgiving Crokers debt? And if the  mayor quells the coming riots, maybe he will reclaim the straying voters  needed for his reelection? Everyone is itching and planning for the  scratch. A simple premise, but greed and political chess playing enter the  equation, creating a centrifugal force that sucks some characters into the  melee and spins others off into ruin.  Ruthless and wicked writing from a  man who portrays American society with a magnifying glass held over the  warts and moles.     