 Carver explores the neurotic undercurrents of urban dwellers. Carver's characters are typically immersed in the Everyday. The repetitive force of the mundane has them mired in the mechanics of living: House-sitting,  birthday parties, beer buddy fishing trips, boredom, initiation of an  affair, two pals cruising, looking for a thrill. From the mundane and  monotony, Carver produces stories that are pristine, using language  scrubbed clean of verbal theatrics-no show off words, no eccentric  constructions - just prose as clean and as spare as Hemingway and honed  dialogue that is simple, but in the way that Mozart is simple.  The story  beneath the undercurrents is what makes Carver so addictive. He describes  urges, images, and muted longings that you have always known existed, but  never could express in words-until now. Take the story "So Much Water So  Close To Home." A group of men go on a beer-bash fishing trip. Early into  their trip, they discover the body of a nude woman floating face down in  the river. The beer buddies figure to keep fishing! Why ruin a good fishing  trip? She's dead already, what harm? After all, they're going to notify the  authorities; only later, so as not to interrupt having a good time. The  beer-induced logic is funny as hell, but the story's neurotic undercurrent  explores sloth, inaction and soulless indifference, actions that can only  be sanctified after the factors of humanity and decency have been removed  from the equation. The wife of one of the beer buddies serves as the  story's conscious. When she discovers that her husband drank and fished  while a dead body floated downstream, she is appalled, alarmed. To her  every accusation of "What kind of man are you to have done this?" Her  husband's consistent answer is "She was ALREADY dead." The marital rift  over this issue reflects the story's title "So Much Water So Close To  Home."  These are among the best short stories ever penned. If you  enjoyed "The Killers," by Hemingway or any of John Cheever's short stories  you will be rewarded by reading Carver.     