 The 25th Anniversary VHS release of "Rocky Horror" is almost everything any fan could hope for, and certainly the best representation of the film ever delivered to the mass market.  This video was released to coincide with "Rocky"'s appearance on DVD, and the upgrade in quality is brilliant.  First, the video transfer is stunningly gorgeous.  The vibrantly-colored sets, costumes and makeup fairly leap off the screen.  This is certainly the best I have ever seen "Rocky" look, even in the theater, which makes it all the more frustrating that Fox did not see fit to release a widescreen VHS version.  This is, no doubt, a tactic to induce more fans to buy the DVD, as is the absence of even one of the "extras" delivered in abundance on the disc.  Come on, Fox, you could at least have stuck a trailer on there or something - or how about the mini-documentary from the original 1990 release, for those who STILL don't know what it's all about? But no matter - the real excitement here is the music.  Fox was wisely gone back to the original master tapes and re-mixed the entire soundtrack from scratch, in glorious THX stereo.  I hope I will not be accused of exaggeration when I state that "Rocky" has never sounded as good as it does now.  Not even the CD sounds this wonderful.  "Frankenstein Place" is ghostly and majestic, "Time Warp" is stunningly loud, and "Sweet Transvestite" has re-gained the sleazy honky-tonk piano lost in the original stereo conversion.  But wait, there's more - the guitar parts have been mixed forward, giving a wonderfully crunchy texture to "Hot Patootie" and "Floor Show."  Even the much-neglected "Planet Hot Dog" reveals funky organ riffs previously lost in the mix.  And, wonder of wonders, the little-seen "Superheroes" number has been re-instated at the end. On the whole, the picture and sound quality of this new "Rocky Horror" video puts the previous releases, even the widescreen edition, to shame.  As a fan this is the version I would want a casual viewer to experience.  Highly recommended!     