 "The Scarlet Empress" may be the most over-the-top spectacle ever filmed, and at the time, it was certainly the costliest.  Dietrich plays Prussian princess Sophia Frederika, who is plucked from obscurity to  marry the Grand Duke of Russia.  This fairy-tale scenario sours when the  Duke turns out to be a cruel degenerate, and Sophia (re-named Catherine)  learns that her only purpose in the Imperial household is to supply heirs  to the throne.  Her girlish dreams shattered, she becomes a lusty libertine  and ruthless political mover, eventually staging a coup against her husband  and becoming the notorious Empress, Catherine the Great. Director von  Sternberg throws "historical accuracy" to the winds in order to  produce a baroque fantasia filmed in the most stylized manner imaginable,  and laced with doses of perversion so bold one wonders how they got past  the censors.  The film races along in a succession of deliriously stylized  set-pieces:  hordes of galloping Cossacks; the incredible wedding and  drunken banquet that follows; and the apocalyptic coup, led by Catherine in  a man's white dress uniform, while "Ride of the Valkeries" blasts  on the soundtrack.  Von Sternberg's peerless visual style is given free  reign, and the results are extraordinary.  The lighting and photography are  gorgeous, especially in the stunningly beautiful wedding sequence, and  Travis Banton's costumes lovingly recreate the decadent grandeur of 18th  Century fashion.   Most incredible of all are the sets representing the  palace at Moscow.  These cavernous, candle-lit rooms are stuffed with  glittering icons and grotesque statues.  So imposing and detailed are these  settings that the palace's occupants, in their elaborate costumes and  makeup, are sometimes indistinguishable from the dcor.  "The  Scarlet Empress"  is energized by a campy sense of humor.  Dietrich's  journey from wide-eyed nymphet to savvy politician is portrayed with  delicious irony.  She sashays through the palace, enormous skirts swishing,  and wins over the army with an arched eyebrow, a suggestive bon mot, and a  bribe or four.  John Lodge obviously relishes in his role as Count Alexei,  a square-jawed stud who services both the Empress and the Duchess.  Of  young Catherine's reluctance to commit adultery, he scoffs:  "Those  ideas are old fashioned, this is the 18th Century!"  Louise Dresser  gives a wonderful performance as the ill-mannered old Empress, who  harangues her half-wit nephew and his reluctant bride with a fishwife's  bray.  Less humorous, though weirdly fascinating, is Sam Jaffe's portrayal  of the repulsive, rodent-like Duke - playing with toy soldiers, marching  his real ones through the palace halls, and shooting peasants like  pheasants from his bedroom window. Beneath these antics are interesting  implications about the link between sexuality and tyranny, and the  corrupting influence of power.  The film opens with young Sophia (played by  Dietrich's daughter) being regaled with tales of the czars, and a montage  of rape, pillage and torture illustrates the moppet's fantasy.  The film  ends with Catherine's triumphant ascension to the throne, but only hints at  the depravity and corruption in which she later engaged (though she was  also an able and progressive monarch). In all, "The Scarlet  Empress" is a unique film, a magnificent product of the studio system,  but guided by von Sternberg's keen intelligence and stylish visual flair.   A treat.     