 The new Broadway Cast Album of "Little Shop" is a misfire on par with the American version of "Chess" all those years ago.  The first complete recording of this fabulous score is so joyless and calculated that one suspects actual effort must have gone into making these loveable tunes sound as generic as possible. I have not yet seen the production, which is getting good reviews, so I hope the low quality of this recording does not reflect the actual show.  However, posterity is badly served with this album as the revival's permanent record. The tacky, overblown orchestrations scream "Broadway" in the worst sense, all blaring trumpets and shimmery chimes. While the producers resisted the impulse (indulged by most amateur productions) to swell the cast with an Ensemble, both singers and songs are swamped by the over-arranged score. One suspects that the musical director has no native respect or affection for either the score itself or the pop music it pastiches. The recording, too, deserves negative comment. How did such a big, expensive recording come out sounding so tinny? Surely DRG have better engineers than this? The cast is bland where not actively annoying. Hunter Foster's flat accent and clipped diction allow for neither off-the-cuff humor nor on-the-sleeve emotion in his portrayal of the hapless Seymour.  Kerry Butler's Audrey is a nasal-voiced ditz, nothing more ("I'll get the ca-yun!"). Douglas Sills and Ron Bartlett are good but unmemorable as the Dentist and Mushnik, though Sills' funny voices are more annoying than amusing. Michael Leon Wooley, while possessing a fine bass voice, displays very little soul and none of the Machiavellian slyness we expect from Audrey II.  The three Urchins try for gospel fervor but end up with Whitney porridge, and their beefed-up role in the prodeedings does not serve the songs well (especially the cheesey little "Git it, git it, git it!" chorus).  In all, it's exactly what one would expect from a big-budget Broadway revival of a modest little off-Broadway show from 20 years ago. 'Nuff said. However - I must urge every fan of "Little Shop of Horrors" to rush out and buy this album without delay, because the five demo tracks (wonderfully sung by Alan Menken and Howard Ashman) are worth every penny. With one exception, it's obvious why each one was dropped or re-written; however, each is enjoyable in its own right.  "A Little Dental Music" is an amusing trifle - funny, but with no narrative purpose. "The Worse He Treats Me, The More He Loves Me" is an homage to the infamous Spector tune "He Hit Me & It Felt Like A Kiss," but with a wicked sense of humor. Perhaps Bill Murray's character from the film should have sung this one! Sharp-eared listeners will recognize the central vamp as Orin's entrance music in the play. "I Found A Hobby" is a fun little rumba that lays out all the ideas for the song "Dentist!" but in radically different form. While nothing like the showstopper that replaced it, it is fascinating to hear the songwriters playing with the same ideas but coming up with a totally different song. The same holds true for the hokey "Bad," which was written for the film but replaced by "Mean Green Mother From Outer Space." This is the least successful song of the bunch, but was not abandoned entirely - it forms the basis for the "rap" section of the song that replaced it. Which brings me to the true gem of the disc, the heartbreaking aria "We'll Have Tomorrow." This song was dropped from Act II on the grounds that it slowed down the action, but I suspect that the true reason was that it is just too tragic. A plangent ode to the life Seymour and Audrey expect to have if they "make it through tonight" (which, of course, they don't), "We'll Have Tomorrow" stands with the best of Ashman and Menken's work. While one can hardly fault them for choosing the wonderful "Suddenly Seymour" as the only ballad of Act II, "We'll Have Tomorrow" seems its natural counterpoint, and would have provided Act II with even more of an emotional impact as the characters try to resist fate. Not to mention, it would have justified the phrase's non-sequitur interpolation into "Don't Feed The Plants"! Final judgement:  skip tracks 1 through 22 and treasure the demos as genius song-writing in the raw.  Let's hope we hear "Crystal, Ronette & Chiffon" and "Your Day Begins Tonight" on a remastered film soundtrack someday (to coincide with a re-edited DVD version, perhaps?  Please, Mr Geffen?).     