 I wouldn't pretend to be one who regularly watches the television series on which this film is based.  However, I've often watched and have always  marveled at how life is played out in the head of creator Chris Carter.  To  base a motion picture on a television series, you have to give a regular  viewer more than you would normally and yet still make the movie  comprehensible to the viewer of happenstance.  I think Mr. Carter  succeeded. The movie opens in the past.  Quite a ways past, in fact.   30,000 B.C. in a place we now know as North Texas.  At this point in time,  North Texas is a cold and barren place but something happens which sets the  stage for what is about to come.   After this incident, we move to  "present-day" Dallas, Texas where the FBI is investigating a  terrorist bomb threat in the Federal Building.  We shortly meet our two  heroes, agent Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and agent Dana Scully (Gillian  Anderson).   In short order, we're told that the X-Files have been closed  but that Mulder and Scully are still partnered.  Scully is somewhat  exasperated because her partner is again being unorthodox and searching  another building across the street from the one the rest of the Bureau is  searching.  Finding nothing, Scully and Mulder prepare to leave the  building when Mulder decides to buy a soda from a nearby vending machine.    Instead, what he finds is the vending machine unplugged and a bomb -- a  very big bomb -- inside it.  And Mulder is locked in the room with it.   This being the 90s, Mulder calls Scully on his cellular phone and she  arranges to have the building cleared and the FBI team brought to the  building to get Mulder out and defuse the bomb.   One part of the plan  works. This is brilliant screenwriting because once you accept that agent  Mulder is a tad unorthodox and has an uncanny knack for stumbling into the  truth, it's completely believable to believe a scenario that would have a  terrorist call in a threat to one building and blow up a different one.   The resulting explosion evokes memories of the Oklahoma City bombing quite  chillingly.  However, instead of Scully and Mulder being hailed as heroes,  they're hauled in front of an inquiry to explain why five people died  instead of the countless number that would have died had the bomb not been  discovered. As Mr. Carter points out in a short "Making Of..."  presentation before the movie begins, the truth is not always the truth and  things are not always as they seem.   The Dallas bombing sets off a chain  of events which takes us not only through the Southwest, but to England,  Antarctica, and Tunisia. This really is an excellent piece of filmmaking  and there's lots of credit to go around.  First, there's a solid, finely  nuanced  story by creator/screenwriter Carter and collaborator Frank  Spotnitz.  This is a piece of work that stands completely on its own.  You  don't have to be a fan of the television series to enjoy the film; however,  the movie is almost completely consistent with the series and fits like a  puzzle piece with it.  The acting is really quite superb.  David Duchovny  and Gillian Anderson are fresh and lively in their portrayals of Mulder and  Scully.   There is a guest appearance by Martin Landau as a conspiracy  theorist doctor who, in shadowy fashion, guides Mulder toward the truth.   Blythe Danner appears as the chief investigator of an inquiry where the  outcome seems already determined.  Series regulars are much in evidence as  well.  Mitch Pileggi as Assistant Director Walter Skinner and, especially,  William B. Davis as the Cigarette-Smoking Man keep the action moving  throughout the film. Regardless of whether you're a fan of the series or  not, this film will make a fine evening's entertainment. [Originally  written 18 October 1998]     