 [Subtract a half-star if your plots must be plausible.  Subtract a half-star if you don't like stereotyping and subliminal messages.] We've  all seen the ads. The aliens are coming and they're not friendly. They  arrive and they start blowing up the cities and all the people in them.  That's why this movie is playing to sold-out audiences at my local  multiplex. Everybody likes to watch a train wreck; it's a guilty pleasure.  And, so, too, is Independence Day.  The movie opens at Earth's moon,  where the debris of Apollo XI still lingers. Soon, though, it is  overshadowed. Massively. Back on Earth, the TV picture is fuzzy. And, you  have cable. Why? Well, the cable guy knows why. Not that one, but David  Levenson (Jeff Goldblum) who's been peering over a puzzle and suddenly  comes up (for air) with an unpleasant answer. Pretty soon, he's leaving an  overshadowed New York and heading for overshadowed Washington to bring the  bad news to the President (Bill Pullman).  Because Frank's ex-wife is the  President's press secretary, he gets in to see him just in time to get the  President and his staff out of harm's way.  On July 3rd (movie time), the  aliens start blowing things up in a fashion that probably makes Rush  Limbaugh and the militia guys drool.  Down goes the White House, the  Capitol, the Empire State Building, and the First Interstate tower in  downtown L.A.  (Hey, this is what we all came to see, right?)  The rest of  the two and a quarter hour movie is spent figuring out how we're gonna  defeat these blokes from outer space.  Independence Day was intended as a  throwback to the alien and monster pictures of the 50s as well as an homage  to some great sci-fi, disaster and political movies of the ensuing years as  well. So, its not surprising that ID4 evokes memories of movies as varied  as Alien, The War of the Worlds, Dr. Strangelove, Star Trek, and even  Earthquake. As the cast of characters romp from one implausible situation  to another, it all works because the movie is inspired fun.  Speaking of  inspired, there's some good casting here. For comic effect, look to Brent  Spiner, Randy Quaid, Harvey Fierstein, and Judd Hirsch. Vivica A. Fox,  Margaret Colin, and Mary McDonnell do yeoman work as the women behind the  men. Adam Baldwin and Robert Loggia, in roles they could play in their  sleep, are military men. Finally, Will Smith is the fighter pilot who makes  all the right moves.  Kudos to Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich, the  filmmakers behind ID4. Like Stargate before it, this movie brings together  a lot of disparate elements that you wouldn't expect to find in one film.  It's truly a hoot.  I can't understand the need for some people to try  and compare a film like Independence Day to, say, Sense and Sensibility.  They're two completely different kinds of film. In its genre, Independence  Day is one of the better ones by far. [Originally written 2 July  1996] Addendum: 2 September 2000 -  This "special edition" DVD  adds elements that bring into coherence some of the unintelligible portions  of the "final cut" script.  With the additional scenes,  commentary, and DVD materials, this film is more enjoyable than ever.     