 Bear with me. A young girl is encouraged by her widower father to explore the world and beyond; soon left orphaned, she turns inward and relentlessly pursues the signs for intelligent life in the universe, only  to be thwarted at every turn by an evil nemesis and yet be assisted by a  mysterious shadowy figure with the power to make his machinations stick.   Add to this a love story between our driven scientist and a fallen yet  equally driven spiritualist and you have all the making of a mass of hokum  that in lesser hands would go downhill faster than a Radio Flyer on Mount  Everest. However, we are in the hands of Robert Zemeckis (Forrest Gump,  Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Back To The Future) who masterfully weaves the  framework drafted by Carl Sagan into a marvelous tapestry. Jodie Foster  is Ellie Arroway, the driven scientist who needs empirical evidence for  anything to exist in her world.  She's part of a SETI (Search for  Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence) group about to have their funding pulled by  Dr. David Drumland (Tom Skeritt), who at the film's open is the director of  the National Science Foundation.  Arroway's childhood traumas and  fascinations have fused to turn her into this driven force; she is a woman  with a vision and she is not easily deterred.  Ellie briefly becomes  involved with Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), a man who nearly became a  priest, but who admits that celebacy was a problem for him, which makes him  no less devout as a messenger for God's word. What evolves is a story  that explores the relationship between society, science, and religion.  Its  characters, which could easily fall cartoonish in the wrong hands, are  well-drawn and expertly directed by Zemeckis, who had some prior experience  with 'toons and apparently was aware what to watch out for. Lest you  think my opening was a criticism of Carl Sagan and Ann Dryan's screen  story, it was not.  Sagan and Dryan provided a good story structure for  screenwriters James Hart and Michael Goldenberg to build on.  Zemeckis,  aided by Alan Silvestri's music, keeps it all in tune and doesn't provide  us with pat answers, and yet keeps us interested. One of the more  endearing qualities of this film is its true-to-life representation of what  would happen in America should what happens to Ellie happens to us.  From  beginning to end, every part of her experience rang true. So, for a  thoughtful way to spend 2 hours, rent or purchase this film.  You'll enjoy  it.     