 [Subtract a star if your plots must be plausible.] Stanley Goodspeed (Nicolas Cage) -- what is this, a James Bond movie? -- is a chemical and  biological expert for the FBI. This is a guy who admits that he likes his  job and it shows. When he's thrown into a perilous situation, he gets off  on finding a way out. He's about to get off BIG TIME. General Francis X.  Hummel (Ed Harris) has had enough. He's led Marines in highly covert  operations. His men have given their lives for their country and now their  country disavows(!) their actions and discards their families. Gen. Harris  has tried in vain to get the government to listen. Now, he's gonna make  them listen. Hummel has assembled a crack team of commandos. First, he  and his team break into a military chemical facility and steal a form of  nerve gas called VX. This is pretty bad stuff. When one of his team jostled  and drops one of the pellets, he gets sealed in the vault and we get to  watch his skin boil and melt while he begs to be let out. When we next  see Hummel and his comrades, they're taking the tour of Alcatraz Island in  San Francisco Bay. Before you know it, Hummel is letting the park ranger  know that the tour is over. He lets the Government know that he wants  reparations or there's gonna be lots of skin boiling in San  Francisco. Enter John Patrick Mason (Sean Connery) -- maybe it IS a James  Bond movie. Mason is a federal prisoner. We soon learn that Mason had  actually escaped from Alcatraz even though it was generally thought that  Alcatraz was inescapable. It becomes Mason's job to lead Goodspeed and a  team of Navy SEALS onto Alcatraz and free the tourist hostages and save San  Francisco's citizens. The Rock is not only an action movie, but it's  funny as well. You'll love the relationship between Cage and Connery. Also,  what about the mysterious (and hostile) relationship between Mason and an  FBI special agent (John Spencer)? What does the agent know about Mason that  he doesn't want any one else to know. The Rock works in so many wacko  conspiracy theories about the Government that you'll enjoy figuring out  which ones they left out. The Rock is a great summer diversion. Despite  some goofy scenarios, the relationship of Mason and Goodspeed will carry  the day. Plus, there's TONS of action in this movie. It's nearly non-stop,  especially when Mason and the FBI nearly destroy San Francisco on their  own. Spend a few bucks and enjoy. I recommend it! [Originally written  29 June 1996]     