 [Add a half-star if, in your mind, acting can overcome a ludicrous script.] I couldn't wait to see this film.  It has all the ingredients I could hope for, especially two of America's finest actors today: Samuel L. Jackson and Kevin Spacey.  It has a fine supporting cast:  David Morse, John Spencer, Ron Rifkin, Paul Giamatti, Regina Taylor and the late J.T. Walsh.  And, it has a superb back-story. The film opens with a Chicago police precient dealing with a hostage situation.  A man, a former Marine, is holding hostage his daughter (step-daughter?) with the aim of forcing his wife (ex-wife?) to come watch him blow his brains out.  One of the men forced to deal with this explosive situation is police Lt. Danny Roman (Jackson) who is doing his best to take the man out before the SWAT team headed by Cmdr. Adam Beck (Morse) does it by storming the apartment.  Eventually, Roman talks his way into the apartment and defuses the situation with a little assist from his SWAT buddies.  This scene is excellent because it gives us an excellent overview of the abilities of Roman as one of Chicago's top hostage negotiators, the delicate and unstable balance between talking to a perpetrator and brute force tactics, and it sets up the relationship between Roman and his partner, Nate (Paul Guilfoyle). What follows is the inevitable publicity and celebration that another sticky situation was resolved without much bloodshed or loss of life and more development of the relationship between Roman and his colleagues.  However, in the middle of the celebration, Nate has some important news for Danny... news he's been trying to tell Danny for a couple of days, it turns out. It seems Nate has stumbled onto a scam to bilk the policeman's disability fund of money.  Nate has been investigating and he's learned that cops are behind the scam -- some of the same cops that Nate and Danny work with.  Nate wants to tell Danny more, but they're interrupted so he defers the balance of the talk until later.  Some hours later, Danny gets a page asking him to meet Nate and he rushes out for the meet.  We then see Nate in his car waiting to meet Danny and then something happens.  Nate looks at <em>HIS</em> pager to see what time Danny asked for the meet.  This telegraphs to us that something is very wrong.  Nate looks up and sees (obviously) a familiar face and starts to talk to him only to have his brains blown out in the driver's seat.  The unknown figure leaves and Danny drives up and discovers his partner's body. OK.  So far, so good.  However, from here, the script starts to sink into oblivion.  Screenwriters James DeMonaco and Kevin Fox would have us believe that Roman would blurt out the details of everything his partner told him to the now-suspect co-workers.  Beyond that, we have Nate's funeral and a subsequent investigation where all evidence leads to Roman, who happens to be on the board of the disability fund.   Roman is stripped of his badge, his gun and his dignity and he makes a last-ditch attempt to get his colleagues to investigate themselves.  He gets no assistance and so he dispatches his wife and heads back upstairs because he "forgot" something.  Upstairs, he walks in on Internal Affairs Insp. Terence Niebaum (Walsh) whom Nate implicated as involved in the scam.  Eventually, Niebaum, his secretary, and a police informant (Giamatti) are taken hostage along with precient cmdr. Frost (Rifkin) who, as Danny's friend and colleague, tried to talk him out of the hostage situation and ends up being taken hostage himself. Notice that no where in the story so far have I mention Kevin Spacey's character.  It's taken us about an hour to get to this point, which in and of itself is no problem.  The problem is F. Gary Gray's (Set It Off) direction doesn't maintain the dramatic tension necessary to keep us squirming in our seats for the right reason.  We should be squirming because of dramatic tension on the screen.   Instead we're squirming because we're wondering if it's OK to go get another tub of popcorn before something starts happening. Roman, as hostage taker and as an ace negotiator, knows how to control the situation and that is shown to us in a hilarious but tense scene between he and Farley, the rookie negotiator brought in to deal with the situation.  Roman ends up demanding that a negotiator from another precient be brought in to talk and it is then that we are finally introduced to Chris Sabien (Spacey).  We're given a quick back-story on Sabien that gives us some insight into his character and then we're off to the races. The Negotiator is set up to be a thinking man's action film and it succeeds mostly because of its cast.  It takes some incredulous material and makes the best of the situation.  Kudos to Jackson and Spacey for doing what they always do well.  They are two of the best actors on the planet and we are lucky to have them here.  David Morse as Beck and Regina Taylor as Roman's newlywed wife, Karen, are also superb.  Although I've been down on the film for most of this essay, there are some surprises: some dramatic, some silly, and others just plain ludicrous.   However, when the movie works, it works because of the skill of the actors.    As a matinee or a video, The Negotiator isn't a bad way to spend a couple of hours. [Originally rated 3 October 1998]     