 [Add a star if you love Whoopi Goldberg.] OK, class. Once again. It's important to realize what our perceptions are going in to a movie like this  before one starts judging it. My perception going in was that we have yet  another sports fantasy from the Disney sports fantasy factory. These are  the same people who didn't know to stop with The Bad News Bears. So, they  gave us The Mighty Ducks, Little GIANTS, and Angels In The Outfield.   This time out of the box it's "the Bad News Bears play NBA  Basketball". Subbing for the Bears are the New York Knicks. Believe  me, it's definitely bad news to see Mark Jackson back in a Knick uniform.  Anyway, these Knicks are hopelessly bad. They're in last place and they  have no signs of getting better. However, every sports team, no matter how  bad, has its loyal fans.  Meet Eddie Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg). Eddie is  fanatical about the Knicks. She loves them. She loves them so much that  she, a limo dispatcher, does play-by-play and commentary over the limo  service's airwaves. Where Eddie's friend goes to Knick games to meet men,  Eddie goes to see the game.  Well, the Knicks are so bad that they've  been sold to a new owner, one Wild Bill Burgess (Frank Langella). Will Bill  is one of those stereotypical Texan billionaires who does everything large.  Langella plays him well, but I could have seen Dennis Weaver in this role.  Anyway, Burgess takes a ride in from the airport in Eddie's limo, who is  inexplicably driving that day. Eddie's been listening to the FAN (WFAN  Sports Radio 66, NYC) and ESPN Sports Radio. Eddie hates the Knicks' coach,  played by Dennis Farina; so much so that she calls up Burgess, who doing a  radio call-in, without realizing that he's in the back seat behind the  glass. Burgess spies Eddie at the game later and decides to fix the  halftime "Honorary Coach" contest so that he can throw Eddie and  Bailey (Farina) together.  Eddie sinks the requisite free-throw and we're  off. Franklin and Bailey don't like each other. (Bailey doesn't like  anybody.) When Eddie steps on the court to protest a call, the referee  assesses the Knicks a technical foul and Bailey has Eddie thrown out of the  Garden to howls of protest from the fans. Seeing this, owner Burgess  conspires to get rid of Bailey and hire a new coach. Meanwhile, he can hire  Eddie as a one-shot interim coach until the dirty deed is done.  Of  course, the plot is convoluted and full of holes, but the movie could still  be entertaining if there were any energy on the screen. For the most part,  there is none. The only chemistry I enjoyed was that between Franklin and  veteran player Nate Wilson (John Salley).  As a native New Yorker, I  especially thought it irritating that the movie's producers split up the  announcing team of Marv Albert and Walt Frazier. Although both men play  themselves, Frazier plays a sports-talk host rather than his usual (and  colorful) role as Knick radio analyst. Anyone who has heard Albert and  Frazier work together knows what I mean.  As in all these Disney sports  fantasies, the Knicks start playing better under Franklin's coaching, but  there's further trouble ahead. Actually, there's so much plot in this  movie, they could have loaned some to Twister.  In conclusion, I'd wait  for this movie to come to cable unless you just like Whoopi Goldberg  films. [Originally written 3 June 1996]     