 This is not an easy film to watch. Clearly, that was not its intent.  The story begins in current time at the Normandy American Cemetary in France. An elderly man, followed by his family, walks as if compelled  toward a single grave. When he arrives there, his memory takes a different  journey back to the beaches below on the date, 6 June 1944. From this  moment on, especially for the ensuing 25 minutes, we are thrust into a  story that, if it is hard to view, must certainly have been harder to live.  As the troop transports approach Omaha Beach, the eerie sense of calm gives  way to a landscape that when all is said and done is one of the most  powerful statements ever put on film. When all is said and done, two  brothers surnamed Ryan have died on the beaches of Normandy. Another has  died within a week in the Pacific. It is discovered that a sole surviving  brother has parachuted somewhere in France. It is the assignment of a  survivor of Normandy and his platoon to find this brother and return him  home. Director Steven Spielberg is a master at bringing emotion to the  surface and he does it once again with a film which is gut-wrenching.  However, the movie isn't all blood and gore; it's the story of young men  and boys who fought and died to preserve a way of life and to eliminate the  evil that they saw. Tom Hanks heads the cast as Capt. John Miller, the  man who is given the mission to find Pvt. Ryan and bring him home. In one  sense, it works against the film to know that Matt Damon plays Pvt. James  Ryan, but not so much that you can't appreciate the nuances which Miller  and his platoon come up against time and time again during their  mission. I agree with those who say that Spielberg puts us, his audience,  into the film and sweeps us up and carries us along from the opening  moments until the film's end. It is a masterful piece of filmmaking that  makes us feel that we have survived, although we were never in  danger. Saving Private Ryan is a masterpiece.     