 The framework is a major league baseball game. The memories are those of an aging pitcher, Billy Chapel, whose day is not going well at all. His team, the Detroit Tigers are out of the pennant race and expected to lie down like a dog at the behest of the New York Yankees. Moreover, the team has been sold and Chapel is expected to be traded to San Francisco when the sale is announced. His lover, Jane Aubrey, has told him that she "can't do this anymore" and she's headed to London and out of his life. As his catcher, Gus Osinski, told him, it's just not his day. We're often told that baseball is like life; it meanders and goes along paths we may not expect. And so it is with Billy Chapel, who is pitching his heart out while he relives his life, especially after a chance meeting with Aubrey on a bridge over the Harlem River. Her car has broken down and Chapel stops, ostensibly to help her fix it. Jane, being the cynical New Yorker she is, waves Billy off, but he's intrigued and he prevails on Jane to let him take a look under her hood. Aubrey gets behind the wheel, turns the key; nothing happens. Chapel reaches in, jiggles a wire or two and, to his fortune, the car starts. Jane is pleased and thanks Billy who admits he didn't really do anything. Of course, in a typical New York moment, the tow truck shows up and the operator more or less demands that Aubrey let her car be towed. Chapel uses the opportunity to invite her to a game he's pitching and dinner afterwards. Now, it might be thought that Billy Chapel is setting himself up for a groupie situation. After a night of passionate sex, that's exactly what Aubrey thinks as well and she wants no part of it. What follows is a recounting of how Billy and Jane come together and fall apart more than once. This is an excellent baseball movie, with wonderful dramatic stretches and also lots of humor. Kevin Costner, who's done a baseball movie or two in his career, is totally believable as Billy Chapel, a character who seem somewhat modeled after Steve Carlton in that he only wants to pitch to his longtime battery-mate, Osinski (John C. Reilly). Osinski knows Chapel's abilities well and he needles and cajoles Chapel to get the most out of him, not only on the diamond, but in life as well. Vin Scully and Steve Lyons of Fox Sports appear as themselves doing the play-by-play of the game we see unfolding before our eyes. Scully's dialogue sounds as if it sprang right from his mouth, the way he normally speaks. I'd be interested in whether his dialogue was written (most likely) or ad lib. If there's a disappointment among the entire production, it is the performance of Kelly Preston as Jane Aubrey. Aubrey, we discover along the way, has a past which would seem to explain her on-again / off-again relationship with Chapel. Not all of this is Preston's fault; some of it has to belong to screenwriter Dana Stevens who adapted a novel by Michael Shaara. The baseball scenario is near-perfection, but the treatment of the romance leaves something to be desired. Regardless, Sam Raimi's near-flawless direction of material we don't normally see him do, makes the entire film one to enjoy. It has excellent comic timing, yet marvelous dramatic sequence both surrounding the game and external to it. Basil Poledouris' original score heightened the drama and never detracted from the film. If you like baseball, you'll love this movie. Costner, who co-produced, must bring something extra to movies about baseball because of his love of the game. This film is one of those that truly has something for everyone and almost completely pulls it off. I heartily recommend it. [Originally reviewed on 18 September 1999]     