 Elizabeth Parsons (Ashley Judd) is a happy woman.  She has a handsome husband, who's popular with the local community, a son, Matty, she  treasures, a beautiful seaside home, and a friend, Angie, who her son  loves.  This is a woman who you quickly feel has it all.  Just as quickly,  something goes terribly wrong.  Her husband, Nick (Bruce Greenwood),  surprises Liz by showing her a large sailboat and suggests that they take  it out for a spin before he buys it for her.  We next see Liz happy at the  helm of this boat and all seems idyllic. What happens next is not so  idyllic.  Liz, who has been drinking, wakes up to find her robe, the bed,  the floor, and just about anywhere you can look covered with blood.  There  are blood trails, bloody handprints, bloody footprints, leading out of the  cabin, up the stairs, and over the side of the boat, now shrouded in fog.   Liz looks down at the deck, sees a bloody knife and makes her first  apparent mistake; she picks it up.  Just as she does so, a Coast Guard  cutter pulls up and compels her to put the knife down. A few scenes  later, with no sign of Nick's body, Liz finds herself under arrest and also  finds a healthy dose of evidence that she did the deed.  Without much ado,  Liz is convicted and sent to prison. She asks her friend, Angie (Annabeth  Gish) to adopt Matty because she knows Matty loves Angie.  This  accomplished, Liz sees Angie and Matty for a visit or two when suddenly  Angie stops bringing Matty to the prison.  When Liz calls Angie, she finds  the number disconnected. So far, so good.  However, now the contrivances  kick in.  Without so much as a disguised voice, Liz calls the school  district where Angie works pretending to be Angie verifying the address of  "her" severance checks.  From this call, Liz discovers Angie has  moved to San Francisco.  So, Liz calls; Angie answers; a heated discussion  follows.  Finally, Liz gets to speak to Matty.  While talking, the  apartment door open and who walks in but Nick, presumed dead.  Matty says  "Daddy!" and suddenly, Liz realizes she's been set  up. Apparently, she tells all of this to two inmates who have taken Liz  under their wing even though there's no compelling reason for them to do  so.  Roma Maffia and Davenia McFadden play the inmates, respectively  Margaret Skolowski and Evelyn Lake.  Skolowski, a convicted murderer who  happened to be an attorney, tells Liz that she can actually kill her  husband since she's already been convicted of murdering him anyway, a  provision of the Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Now, for those of you  who've read my earlier review of The Negotiator, some of what follows may  sound familiar.  All of this action to this point has taken place in the  span of a half-hour; notice, nowhere have I mentioned the character played  by Tommy Lee Jones.  That character is Travis Lehman, her parole officer  who is portrayed as a no nonsense guy who doesn't give second  chances. What follows from here to the end is a film I couldn't help  compare with 1993's The Fugitive.  Lehman pursues Liz across Washington  State, Colorado, and New Orleans, as she herself follows the trail of her  missing son and the husband who framed her. This film had the potential  to be a great thriller and one reason it got even two stars was for a  marvelous Hitchcockian sequence in a New Orleans cemetary that was actually  pulled off by director Bruce Beresford.  The climatic scene was  near-perfect as well.  What falters is the overly contrived script by David  Weisberg and Douglas S. Cook, who were responsible for The Rock, where they  did a much better job.  Weisberg and Cook sets up situations and then don't  follow their own rules.  So, instead of a taut thriller where you wonder  how our heroine is going to accomplish her tasks, the whole thing comes off  as kind of lethargic. Jones gives a journeyman performance as Lehman, the  parole officer who comes to realize that he's pursuing an innocent woman.   Judd is excellent and does everything that's asked of her, although at  times, she seemed a bit subdued.  Bruce Greenwood imbued Nick with a kind  of charm you could almost love if you didn't know what he's done to his  wife. I love mysteries; I wanted to highly recommend this film, but in  the end, I can't.  Double Jeopardy may be an OK way to spend a rainy  afternoon, to view at a discount movie house, or to rival a TV-movie, but  as a top-notch thriller, it doesn't make the grade. [Originally written  25 September 1999]     