 Let's get it out of the way: yes, the camera control is terrible. Square has acknowledged the problem and it will be fixed in Kingdom Hearts 2 (United States release Christmas 2005). That's just about the only major problem in an otherwise dynamite game.  The style of Kingdom Hearts is familiar: it's a three-dimensional platformer with some RPG elements. Your party of adventurers travels through a fantasy landscape, making allies, righting wrongs, and pursuing the clues that will enable you to rescue or redeem the victims of dark forces.  This time, however, you're not walking through a characterless high fantasy cliche, but through the worlds of such Disney classics as Aladdin, Alice and Wonderland and Pinocchio. Instead of characters you've never seen before, you're fighting alongside Goofy and Donald Duck. The visuals, movies, and even the voice acting are all pure, authentic Disney (you'll recognize the original or official voices of nearly all the Disney characters, including some major Hollywood talents).  Square's contribution shouldn't be overlooked either, though. Just as Square previously took the silly world of Super Mario and turned it into the clever Secret of the Seven Stars, the various Disney stories and characters have been linked together by an engrossing overarcing plot. Monsters called the Heartless threaten all the worlds; the first Heartless you meet are almost cute, but as you proceed through the game they grow more and more menacing.  The gameplay itself is about what you'd expect ... fight monsters, explore castles, cities, and caverns, solve both physical and mental puzzles, and manage your party's equipment and development. You have the usual complement of a fighter, a mage, and a fighter/mage, with additional characters of one type or the other who can be swapped in and out of your party. There are several minigames ranging from pointless to clever. and tons of optional treasures and secrets to find.  Why wouldn't you like Kingdom Hearts? If your mind's closed to anything that seems "kiddie," you might not be able to get past the opening sequence; the storyline doesn't start turning dark until a couple of hours in. If you demand precision controls even in a brawling platformer, the camera may irritate you. While the game has variable difficulty levels and tons of tough optional bosses, the basic story is over in about 20 hours. And, like all Square games, the ending of the game isn't the end of the story ... at least this time there's a definite sequel that promises to answer the remaining questions.     