 This was the point at which the Myth series began to go downhill, largely due to Asprin's desire to begin telling stories about Skeeve's development as a person instead of his wacky adventures. Don't get me wrong -- I love characters who grow and change -- but they should do so because of their experiences, not because the author manipulates them into continual introspection.  In Mything Persons, the last good book in the series, Skeeve discovers that someone's come into his house and then taken it on the lam out the back door. This is a very big deal, because Skeeve's house is built on a dimensional boundary -- whoever went through that door disappeared into a completely unexplored world. Upon learning that the intruders are wanted fugitives, Aahz steps through the door to find them ... and never comes back. It's up to Skeeve, Guido, and Massha to enter this world, rescue Aahz and find the fugitives.  Mything Persons is a classic Aahz-and-Skeeve adventure, where we see Skeeve operating not merely on his own but as a real leader. The alien dimension is nicely realized and evocative, and there are some nifty subplots about Skeeve's discovery of the fugitives' identity.  In Little Myth Marker, Skeeve gets peer-pressured into playing Dragon Poker -- an absurdly complex game whose rules he is clueless about -- and ends up winning the marker of a down-and-out player, said marker represented by the player's small daughter. At the same time, Don Bruce has decided that Skeeve doesn't fit the profile of a Mob boss because he doesn't have a moll, so he sends over a choice bimbo to fill the role. Worst of all, a bunch of rival magicians jealous of Skeeve's success hire the Ax, the dimensions' greatest Character Assassin, to ruin his reputation.  While there's some comedy potential in this setup, it's never realized. Instead, we get Aahz ruminating on parenthood, Nunzio talking about his odd but remarkably uninteresting past, Massha whining about being unappreciated and Skeeve delivering lectures on the battle of the sexes. Over and over, rather than dealing with their problems, the Myth crew talk, talk, talk, talk, talk.  Sadly, this book ended up being the model for the rest of the series. The next two books from Skeeve's viewpoint would consist of a brief, boring "adventure" followed by an entire chapter of Skeeve reflecting on how it changed his worldview. The only decent book after this one is MYTH Inc. in Action, and it's not good enough to justify the agony of plowing through the two books before it.     