 Saying "the best Simpsons video game" used to be kind of like saying "the best-smelling sewer" ... the franchise had consistently horrible play control and graphics, terrible game design, and no real understanding of the Simpsons characters or why anyone would want to step into their shoes. Above all, it never seemed to occur to them that, rather than just copying popular games and sticking the Simpsons into them, they should find a genre actually appropriate for the characters.  Well, Simpsons Hit & Run still doesn't quite give you the experience of "playing an episode" that the fans really want, but it's as close as they're likely to get.  Strange security cameras have appeared all over Springfield, and the Simpson family is drawn by a series of coincidences into investigating them. As Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and for some reason Apu explore the city, they find that the whole town is going crazy, and it's up to them to stop it. The investigation consists of several chapters, each chapter consisting of a variety of missions for the same character. These missions usually (but not always) involve skillfully driving a variety of vehicles through the streets of Springfield, either racing the clock, collecting objects, or forcing an enemy vehicle to stop.  If this sounds a little familiar, it's because it is. This is the Simpsons version of Grand Theft Auto (and, thus, a great alternative for parents who are looking for a version of that game that doesn't involve selling drugs and murdering people). The Simpsons still steal cars pretty freely, but it's for the good of the town, and running someone over or wreaking too much havoc results in an unwelcome visit from Police Chief Wiggum.  The good side? The game's playable, fun, and it's the first Simpsons game that kind of makes you feel like you're actually in Springfield interacting with these characters. The control is good both on foot and in the car, and the mystery actually makes a lot of sense. It's also fun to see Springfield landmarks going by, and to notice all the references to classic episodes. You can get hilarious new outfits for many characters, and even take time between missions to find other Easter eggs.  The bad side? Some missions are repetitive and annoying, and you can fail at them due to pure bad luck. You're allowed to skip missions, but doing so also skips the cinemas that follow them, leaving gaps in the story. The game is also fairly short, and because each section of Springfield is cut off from the rest it feels less like a single town and more like four separate towns. Certain places that I was really looking forward to fooling around in (like Moe's) are also surprisingly empty and lackluster. A lot of the cars, too, are boring and too similar to one another -- unlike GTA they weren't restricted to reality, and I expected these vehicles to handle much more differently from each other than they do.  Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a less brutal (or easier) version of Grand Theft Auto, or to any Simpsons fan. This is as close as they've ever come to letting us step into the TV and be part of an episode.     