 In the world of In Nomine, two great forces struggle for control of the world: Heaven, the great hierarchy of angels that serve God, and Hell, the chaotic mass of demons that only serve themselves. Players can create characters from either side and battle for control of the hearts and minds of humanity -- those battles more often being spiritual or social in nature than physical.  Superiors 3 gives complete descriptions of some of the big movers in Heaven: Blandine, the Archangel of Dreams; Gabriel, the Archangel of Fire and Prophecy; Khalid, the Archangel of Faith; and Yves, the Archangel of Destiny.  Khalid's writeup in particular is interesting, since he is the patron Archangel of Islam. In his previous appearance in The Final Trumpet, he was portrayed as paying lip service to Heaven but unknowingly serving Hell ... it was blatantly racist and anti-Muslim. Superiors 3 fixes this, presenting both the original material and a revised writeup that more accurately portrays the Muslim idea of an Archangel (or, at least, as close as one can get without tons of research).  The remaining writeups are excellent. Blandine's is a bit, well, bland, as well as kind of pointless since you absolutely need the previous book she appeared in, The Marches, to get much use out of her. Still, there are a lot of good ideas, and the Menunim, her own private choir of angels, have strong story potential.  Gabriel's and Yves's writeups explore the major mysteries surrounding both characters as well as the connections between them. Yves, in particular, is one of the characters around whom the entire setting pivots, and a good understanding of him is absolutely vital for an In Nomine GM.  The whole book is very easy to read and clearly presents all four Archangels as three-dimensional characters, making it easy for the GM to run them. Normally, I'd say that the book is still only necessary if you're going to use these characters -- but you can't run In Nomine without at least having Yves in the background, so this book is pretty much necessary, period.     