 The basic gameplay is simple. Four circles are shown in a diamond pattern, representing the beats in a measure. (The occasional piece has only three.) A ball of light moves counterclockwise between them; you move your baton with any button to conduct the music on each beat. A blue circle indicates a weak swing, a green circle a medium swing, and a red circle a heavy swing, and you must press the button with the appropriate pressure to execute it. Needless to say, there are complications, but that's the basic idea.  THE GOOD: Wonderfully, the orchestra actually seems to be taking your lead. If you're too fast, so is the music; missed cues lead to clumsy entrances; swing the baton too wildly and the music will be too loud or too soft accordingly. After you've been through a piece a few times and know what's coming up ahead you can start to relax a little and really get into it.  Although while you're playing you can't really see it, according to the manual the background also varies depending on how well you're doing. The background events -- which range from a date in the park to an alien encounter -- go well when you provide good music and poorly when you don't.  The music in the game is kind of like Classical Music's Greatest Hits. There are more than a few of the kind of pieces that people tend to "air conduct" when they think no one's watching, which is the basic idea, right?  THE BAD: It's finicky, that's for certain. You have some control in the settings menu, but essentially you simply dictate how hard a press is "normal." Good for people with weak grip, but that's about it.  When you first start play everything is locked. Eleven songs are unlocked as you finish the game; the other twenty-three require you to turn in bravura performances on the first eleven. It's kind of annoying to have to master the first batch before even getting a crack at the rest.  THE UGLY: The graphics are forgivable for a second-year Playstation game, especially since it's not exactly like they're anything more than decoration. The voice acting, however ... we're talking the second-worst voice acting I've ever heard. The actors chew every line and do funny voices like fingernails on a blackboard. Not even elementary research -- the composer Etoile's name is pronounced "ay-TORE"!  For heaven's sake, go to a film school and lay a trail of crumbs leading into a plate of sandwiches in the back of your van. Within an hour you'll have caught your limit on trained actors.  THE UPSHOT: It's ... an experience. Hard as Hades on the higher levels and for most people it's an entirely new and somewhat arcane skill. I can strongly recommend Mad Maestro to almost anyone who enjoys rhythm and music games and is willing to put in the time to learn something completely new. On the other hand, while this game is a good way to get excited about classical music (and is thus fantastic for kids), if you really can't stand anything that doesn't have lyrics or a backbeat you'll probably find it boring.     