 This is the culmination of (in my opinion) the most radical and effective version of King Crimson. "Discipline" and "Beat" are this disc's precursors and are amazing recordings in their own right, but with this cd the pop and avant-garde tendencies of Crimso are most clearly delineated. One side is accessible "pop" songs, while the other side is challenging music of the highest quality.  	What makes this version an essential purchase is the inclusion of bonus tracks. Fans who are used to hearing the lp and original cd release of "Sleepless" will be shocked by the version on this edition. Instead of the Bob Clearmountain "single" mix (which is excellent in its own way), we finally get to hear the mix that the band intended (Adrian Belew has been quoted as saying that WB records put the single mix on the album over the vociferous objections of the band members). The first impression the listener has is one of spaciousness and clarity. Every instrument is very clearly recorded and the soundstage is wide-open. What a revelation! The Clearmountain mix is included as a bonus track, as well as a Francois Kevorkian dance club mix. Also added is a hilarious "Barbershop Quartet" song extolling the virtues of KC, and a couple of tracks that are in the style of "Industry". Also, the 24-bit remastering really does accomplish a huge improvement in the sound. 	After the release of this album, Robert Fripp disbanded KC once again. It probably was inevitable, but while they were together, they made some glorious music. Tony Levin is the finest and most sympathetic bassist to ever work with Fripp. Bill Bruford is a model of restrained and tasteful drumming. Adrian Belew is a delight, both as vocalist and counterpoint guitarist, and Robert Fripp continues in his role of underpinning the whole undertaking. 	If you enjoy this disc, then you really need to have "Discipline" and "Beat" as well. The three albums form a cohesive and organic whole. The double live set, "Absent Lovers" captures this version of KC at its peak.     