 Charlie Sexton is one of the most intriguing and accomplished artists working in music today. It is unfair to pigeonhole him with labels like "roots-rocker" or "Americana"; he is so much greater than that. Once he began collaborating with Tonio K on songs for the Arc Angels album, Charlie suddenly leaped into that rarified place occupied by the truly great: Bob Dylan, Ray Davies, The Band, U2. Yes, he's that good, and he's that important. His 1995 cd, "Under the Wishing Tree", is one of my all-time favorite albums: a sprawling, loose-yet-driving masterpiece that took blues, rock, country, Tex-Mex, jazz, and folk and turned it into a glorious roar.  	It's now ten years later, and we finally have a new cd from Mr. Sexton. In between, he spent some time in Bob Dylan's band, made a tremendous album with Charlie Musselwhite (Sanctuary), and produced various artists like Lucinda Williams. But Cruel and Gentle Things was worth the wait. It opens with a stunning bare-bones lament for the modern world called "Gospel". Accompanied by only his 12-string acoustic, Charlie wearily sings how "Too much information might cripple your soul/The world is challenging your faith, more than you know". 	After the understated beauty of "Gospel" comes the laid-back electric groove of "Burn". The melody and arrangement hark back to classic mid-70s Little Feat, but the lyrics are another thing altogether - bleak images of "dead steel towns", freezes, dirty rivers, "a white bird against a blackening haze" underscore the desperate longing of the singer for a lost love. 	Other highlights include the title track, which begins softly with a piano-based melody and soon swells into an anthem about the dangerous nature of love; "Just Like Love", which is the kind of song Van Morrison should be writing; "Regular Grind", a clear-eyed and sympathetic ode to the lives of working class Americans; and "Dillingham Road", co-written with Steve Earle. Heck, every track is a highlight - there simply isn't a weak cut on the entire disc. I bought it the day it came out, and I have been compulsively listening to it ever since. 	Charlie's vocals have never sounded better: relaxed, and expressive beyond his years. This is music for the ages - not pop radio - speaking of universal truths that all adults can relate to. Some discs never sound dated, regardless of when they were recorded; Cruel and Gentle Things will be just as vital 20 years on.      