 "Snow" is the latest release from Spock's Beard, and it is their most ambitious. It is a 2-disc concept album that works on several levels. Obvious comparisons will be to The Who's "Tommy" and Genesis' "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway". In my opinion, "Snow" easily upstages "Tommy" by virtue of its superior storyline, and manages to score a draw with "Lamb" (which is a very high standard).  The plot is centered on a teenager, Snow, who has some sort of healing power. As you listen to the songs, he quickly rises to fame and gathers many followers. However, as often happens with charismatic celebrities nowadays, he loses control of his movement. On top of that, he is cruelly humbled by a woman, and he falls into the depths of depression. Looking beyond himself, he manages to pull himself together and reach spiritual maturity. Musically, this is the most varied of any of Spock's Beard's offerings.  Beginning with a simple acoustic intro, the full gamut of prog-rock styles are explored. Neal Morse takes chances with his vocals and the effect is startling. On some songs he is singing with raw-throated aggression, while on others he is full of tenderness. There are all kinds of delightful surprises buried in the instrumentation (what sounds like an autoharp, some jazzy saxophone, etc.). "Snow" sounds more like a group effort than any other Beard disc. The vocal harmonies are spot-on, Dave Meros' bass lines are fantastic (as always), Alan Morse's guitar and cello work is stellar. Nick's drumming has reached a new plateau, and one song even devotes itself to highlighting the magnificent Ryo Okumoto. If you can devote two hours to listen to "Snow" from beginnning to end, it is a very moving experience. As the character Snow moves from naive innocence through fame to near self-destruction, the musical accompaniment is perfect. The final affirmation of "Made Alive Again/Wind At My Back" is one of the most thrilling moments I have ever heard. Snow acknowledges his Creator, and gives thanks for His grace.     