 It is so easy to make your own yogurt with the Salton YM.  We eat a lot of yogurt, and I was feeling guilty about throwing out all of the plastic tubs from the grocery store.  Compared to store-bought yogurt, homemade yogurt tastes better (fresher, sweeter, smoother, softer), has no artificial ingredients, and I can control the amount of sugar.  It is thinner than most store-bought yogurt, but the milk powder helps to give it some body.  It is perfect for eating with fresh fruit and granola!  Here is what works for me:  1.  Mix 4c organic 1% milk + 1/3 to 1/2 c dry milk powder in 4c glass measuring cup. (note: use slightly less than 4c milk so that it will fit into the 32oz plastic tub later) 2.  Heat for 8 min in microwave. (I measured the temp and it was ~175F the first two times I made yogurt - I no longer do this each time.) 3.  Let cool for 45-60 min. (Again, I measured the temp the first two times and no longer do this.) 4.  Add 2 to 4 Tbsp (store-bought or homemade) yogurt to the milk as the starter (mix a little milk into yogurt first then add back to the larger milk container). 5.  Pour into a 32oz plastic yogurt tub (leftover from previous purchases of store-bought yogurt), put the lid on and place into the Salton YM.  (I do not use the plastic container, lid and weird spoon that came with the Salton YM.  The 32oz plastic yogurt tubs fit into the YM and are great for storing in the refrigerator.  I tend to make several batches in sequence, so it is easy to put the next batch into the YM once each batch is done.) 6.  Leave in the Salton YM for 4 to 16 hr, depending on how tart you want the yogurt. 7.  It's done for plain yogurt!  For sweetened yogurt - Add 1/4 c sugar (or more if you like it sweeter) and a couple teaspoons vanilla or almond extract when the yogurt is still warm so that the sugar dissolves easily.  Maple syrup or various flavors of fruit jam/preserves could also be added.  UPDATE on 4/20/05: I tried making the yogurt without heating the milk to scalding first and it worked fine!  I use organic milk that states "Ultra-Pasteurized" on the carton.  I have made 5 batches without heating the milk first (use right out of the frig) and they all turned out great!  This makes it even easier to have fresh yogurt, with fewer dishes to wash.  Just mix up everything in the plastic yogurt tub and let it "cook".  UPDATE on 11/28/05: I tried regular "Pasteurized" milk without first scalding the milk and the yogurt did not thicken.  It appears that only "Ultra-Pasteurized" works to go directly into the yogurt maker without heating.  I have since learned a bit about pasteurization and the ultra-pasteurized is heated to higher temps to kill bacteria and extend shelf life to months-long. I will only use the "Ultra-Pasteurized" now since it is most convenient and does not dirty any extra dishes.  I still use the yogurt maker weekly and love it!     