 First off, don't let the price deceive you: without Amazon.com's super saver shipping your looking at a final pricetag a dime short of a dollar (if you catch my drift). On to the product itself: It looks great. It sounds awesome. The product picture doesn't show the rubberized speaker protectors- which look pretty nifty but come with a drawback that will be mentioned later.     That was pretty much the good. Everything else is pretty lousy.  Primary gripe: The controls. Like other reviewers mentioned, many of the machines functions are accessible only through the remote. And even if that were not the case, whatever happened to simple controls? You can only change the sound through the remote with preset sound parameters- And balance function? Nope, not even an option. The speakers sound  really great, but if your off to the side of them those great sound qualities all but disappear. And those cool looking rubberized speaker covers? If you stand above the speakers the sound degrades considerably because of them.    It comes with an am antenna loop, unbelievably. -It works well. And and an fm two line wire rabbit ear kind of affair. -It gets the job done; but in this day and age we shouldn't be seeing these obtrusive extensions when technology has risen so far beyond them.    All functions, from clock to volume, are displayed on a backlit lcd readout window; Unnecessarily annoying to use and mine (after only a few weeks) is already showing a couple of dim pixels.    The way the front loading cd tray folds in and out is neat, cd's play perfectly, and cd to tape dubbing is fairly decent(especially the synchro start), which is hard to find. It's also nice to know I can always plug in an auxilliary source should the need arise. But do yourself the favor and get something else. This machine was designed with aesthetics as the primary forming factor, and as a result it got an extra dose of good looks but a pathetic lack of intelligent controls. If it wasn't such a hassle, I would have returned it already and got something with some decent human interface qualities.     