 This is a really good CD that I bought in my campus bookstore (mostly so I could listen to "Since U Been Gone" over and over) and found that this is one of the greatest CDs ever.   I have loved all of Kelly's singles from Thankful, but I never bought the album. Both "Breakaway" and "Since U Been Gone" helped me to buy this album and I'm so glad I did. I looked through the 1 star reviews (I get curious...hehe) and noticed some things. People mostly said "I loved her on Thankful, and I was expecting Breakaway to be exactly the same as that." ARTISTS GROW AND CHANGE THEIR STYLE, YOU STUPID PEOPLE. She's trying to find her niche. I'm glad she decided to do a rock album; this album has so many good songs on here that I'm addicted to the whole album now.   Others have compared her to Hilary, Avril, Amy Lee (though I dont see why) for doing the whole "pop rock" thing instead of being safe and doing the same pop ballads over and over again. Kelly is decidedly different and better than Hilary, Ashlee, Avril, etc. (well, maybe not Amy Lee, but whatever) and the rock persona suits her perfectly, I think. I think she should continue to explore music and do different styles to see what's good. She's awesome with pop ballads and such, as well as rock songs. Artists can be good at more than one thing.   Also, she is not "screaming" as other people have said. She's definitely singing and doing it very well. She's created an album with no filler material. All of the songs have that raw emotion that rock songs generally have and it's a really good CD for it.   Anyway, here's a song overview: 1)Breakaway- The lead single for both her album and the PD2 soundtrack, this is a song talking about Kelly's childhood life and possibly about trying something new, breaking away from her previous album. Co-written by Avril Lavigne. 9/10  2)Since U Been Gone- The addictive song that got me to buy this album. I love this song, it starts out as kinda slow and downtempo with a guitar riff but soon turns into a rocking chorus. 20/10! hehe, I'm singing to this now, it's so much fun to sing to and rock out to.  3)Behind these Hazel Eyes- Another song that's addicting and can easily get stuck in your head. Cowritten by Kelly, she does a really good job with this song. 10/10  4)Because of You- Written by Ben Moody (formerly of Evanescence), Kelly Clarkson and David Hodges, this is a pretty ballad that showcases Kelly's beautiful voice. 9/10  5)Gone- This is a great song and Kelly does an awesome job with this. Great lyrics and a good song to sing along. 10/10  6)Addicted- Written by the same people as Track 4, this song takes on a different direction than Track 4 becoming more rock and shows a darker side of Kelly, and she does a great job with this too revealing great emotion with this song. 8/10  7)Where Is Your Heart?- Another ballad that showcases Kelly's beautiful voice that was cowritten by Kelly. This is not really a fave of mine, but it's good to listen to. 8/10  8)Walk Away- This is a pretty good song and it reminds me of something Pink might have sung. Not a fave, but still good. 8/10  9)You Found Me- This is a pop-ish song that makes you feel happy and it could really be used in like any romantic movie as part of the soundtrack. It's just that kind of song. 9/10  10)I Hate Myself for Losing You- An edgy good song. 8/10  11)Hear Me- This reminds me of Evanescence with its loud rock notes and such. Cowritten by Kelly. 9/10  12)Beautiful Disaster (live)- This is a very beautiful song and Kelly shows off her great voice with this song. It's definitely one of my faves. 10/10  I would recommend this CD to anybody. It's that good. So go out and buy it. It's really good.     