 This is Kylie's American comeback CD that was boosted by the success of the first infectious hit single "Can't Get You Out of My Head". Here's an overview of the tracks: 1)More More More- I liked this song. Starting off the album with a great song that has a great hook and good dance beat. 4/5  2)Love At First Sight- I absolutely LOVE this song. Another catchy song with a great dance beat. Very fun, very pop. This was her second single off this album. 5/5  3)Can't Get You Out of My Head- While it is a great pop song, the "la la la"s can get on your nerves after a while. But, other than that, it is quite a good song with its infectious beat. 4/5  4)Fever- the title track of this album. One of my faves off this album, great beat, sexy lyrics. 5/5  5)Give It To Me- Quite short (a little less than 3 minutes), but nevertheless a good song. 4/5  6)Fragile- Great song! slower than the rest, but it doesn't bring the beat down at all. This is kind of a mystical song and sad in a way. 5/5  7)Come Into My World- her third and final single off this album. A very infectious song, one of the album's highlights. 5/5  8)In Your Eyes- I would have to say that this is quite possibly the BEST track on this whole album. Trancy, great lyrics, utilizes Kylie's sultry voice. I don't understand why this wasn't released in the US when it was released everywhere else. 5/5  9)Dancefloor- The second best track on here. Good lyrics, awesome beat, very disco-y. Great to dance to. 5/5  10)Love Affair- sexy, sultry, great beat, very good catchy song, quite creative and a great track to dance to. 5/5  11)Your Love- Guitar driven, relies less on produced sound and more on Kylie's good vocals. Very good song. 4/5  12)Burning Up- Another one of my fave tracks on this album. starts off slow, then moves in to the beat. 5/5  BONUS TRACKS!!!!! 13)Boy- good beat, not really the best. 3/5 14)Butterfly- I like this song better than the other extra track. Great beat, fun lyrics. 4/5  Overall, this is a GREAT CD and everyone should go buy it! Kylie really delivered with this CD and she delivered with "Body Language", let's hope she keeps making great CDs like these for many years to come!     