 First off, I'd like to start off by saying WHAT IS UP WITH YOU HATERS? Who cares if she has a similar cover to a Poison album? How is that a diss? Most likely, if she was trying to have a similar cover (which most likely she wasn't), it would have been an HOMAGE to Poison, not a diss. I mean, seriously, people. Plus, even if they were one of the biggest bands of the 80s, aren't they broken up now? So what does it matter anymore? It's not that big a deal that some of you are making it out to be. I mean, how much is it REALLY affecting you? It's not. AT ALL. So get over it.   Anyway, on to the review. I love Hilary Duff. She does write some of her own songs (mainly cowriting, but it really doesnt matter because even if you do write your own songs doesn't mean you are automatically declared a "true" artist because some people who write their own material aren't that good of a lyricist.) and, while not being the best singer, has a decent voice to carry a tune, and makes some pretty good music (and no, I am not tone deaf; just because I like some pop music doesn't mean I don't know supposed "real" music; all music that's done is REAL music, no matter what.)   With the release of Most Wanted, Hilary compiles her singles, tracks that didn't make the cut as singles (but are personal faves of her and her fans), and some new tracks (written by her with the help of the Madden Bros from Good Charlotte, except one, "Supergirl"). Some of the singles have been remixed (though on some, you can't tell the difference) and placed on here. If you want the best of Hilary, this is the album to get.   1)Wake Up- The new single and it's just a fun song to dance to. I was expecting more after having seen some shots of the video (without the sound), but I still like this. 4/5  2)The Getaway- An awesome song from her selftitled album, which I could have so seen as a single. I was imagining the video today in my head while listening to it in the car. The chorus reminded me of something I'm going through right now, so I identify with the song a bit more. 5/5  3)Beat of My Heart- Another new track that I didn't like at first, but have grown to really love (all in the span of a day, lol). Another fun song by Hilary. 5/5  4)Come Clean (2005 remix)- From her debut album, I loved the original and this remix is great too. Very dancable, and just really cool. 5/5  5)Who's That Girl (Acoustic Version)- A very lovely version of this track from her selftitled album showcases her voice well, even if it is a bit limited in its range. Just really good. She should do more acoustic stuff; it sounds good. 5/5  6)Mr. James Dean- A rockish track that is one of my favorites on here. This could have been a good single too. 5/5  7)So Yesterday- One of her first big hits from a while back. A great song of hers. And I know Hilary will never become so yesterday. 5/5  8)Metamorphosis- An AMAZING track from her debut album. Quite possibly one of the best songs she's ever done. Very rockish and fun to listen to and rock out to. Words can barely describe this. Its just so amazing. 10/5 lol Yes, that's how good it is.  9)Rock This World (2005 remix)- There isn't much of a difference between this remix and the original, but whatever. This is another great song. This song is rocking! 5/5  10)Break My Heart- The third new track is another rock song and seems a bit different from Hilary normally does, but she still pulls it off well. A great song that I can relate to all too well. 5/5  11)Jericho (2005 remix)- This song is a bit better with the remix, but I'm still not a big fan of it. I don't know, it's just not very good. 3/5  12)Fly- The lead single from her 2004 album. A great song with a good message. 5/5  13)Supergirl- The new track that only comes with the special edition CD. It's a good song, but it's not my fave. 3/5  14)Party Up (2005 remix)- A good remix and a great song. Very dancable. Love this song. 5/5  15)Girl Can Rock- Not the best of songs, it's ok, but not her best. 2/5  16)Our Lips are Sealed- A pretty short song (2:40), but still very sweet. This is another of my favorite songs from her. A duet with her sister Haylie, this is a cover of the GoGos hit from the 80s. Great cover. I love it so much. 5/5  17)Why Not (2005 remix)- One of her earlier hits, another great remix to end the album with. This has a good message too, live life to the fullest. 5/5  All in all, a great album and it's definitely of her most wanted songs (and some newly most wanted ones). Great album. I'm so glad I bought this.   EDIT! For the person who said she doesnt produce her own music, she produced this album with her music manager. So she writes her own songs (she wrote the three new tracks with the Madden Bros) and she produces her music. Where's your argument now? Oh yeah, in the trash, because it's been proved WRONG. I don't care if you don't like Hilary, but WHY come on here and write a whole review based on how much you hate her? You're wasting everybody's time, including your own. Go away.     