 DESTINY FULFILLED REVIEW!!!  One of the most highly anticipated CDs of all time (or at least this year) is Destiny's Child's reunion LP, Destiny Fulfilled. Led by the hot club track "Lose My Breath", this CD is sure to be a great one.  Tracks  1)Lose My Breath- The first single from this CD. It features each woman of DC with their own verse, talking about a man who gives unfulfilled promises. This is a great song with its club beats and grooves. Great first single! 10/10   2)Soldier- The second single from this CD. Led by a hiphop groove and sporting guest appearances from TI and Lil Wayne, this is sure to be another great hit like LMB. In this song, they're talking about looking for a guy who will be a soldier for you. Also, in this song, Beyonce talks (or rather sings) of her relationship with Jay-Z, proving that they're dating. 9/10   3)Cater 2 U- This song is about after you find your soldier, you want to cater to him and show him your love for him. The first of many mid-tempo songs on this album, it shows the harmonious melody that Destiny's Child has when they sing. This is a really beautiful song. It might take me a while to get used to Michelle's kinda raspy voice, but other than that, this song is really good. 8/10   4)T-Shirt- This song isnt as good as the first three songs.... it really lacks something. I'm just not feeling this song. 5/10   5)Is She the Reason?- This song really isnt as good either....I still havent gotten used to Michelle's voice yet. She kinda sounds like Macy Gray, but not as horrible. 6/10   6)Girl- This one is better. I'm feeling this one. It's really good, Michelle sounds way better on this song. I love this song. 8/10   7)Bad Habit- This song is pretty good too. I like the harmony and melody on this. 9/10   8)If- Michelle started off this song... it kind of almost ruined it for me... but it's not so bad now. 7/10   9)Free- This song is pretty good; it's kind of like a mellow beachish type song (if that made ANY sense, lol). It's got this cool guitar riff going on. I'm liking this song. 10/10   10)Through With Love- This is a good song too! It's got a good beat to it and it's just a good song all around. This could definitely be a single. 10/10   11)Love- A good ballad to end the CD. This is a great song. It's really beautiful and soulful. 10/10   Ok, there are some duds on here, but that's to be expected. This CD is actually really cool because each song tells a story and the story continues through the whole CD. I would suggest that you buy this CD because the good songs outweigh the bad. Plus, there's really only like 3 bad songs on here. That's not so bad. In conclusion, Destiny's Child is AWESOME!      