 Every Boy's Got One by Meg Cabot (by the way, the "one" is a heart. No, it really is!) is her most nonfiction book to date. Using her own marriage elopement to Italy as a basis for this excellent novel, she weaves a tale of mutual hatred that soon turns toward romance- something neither character expected to happen.  	 Jane Harris is a cartoonist for the fictional New York Journal and Cal Langdon is a very well-traveled writer who has now come back to New York to settle down, if only for a bit, getting a job at the same paper that Jane works at. Both are friends of the bride and groom, respectively. From the start, Jane and Cal (who are the maid of honor and best man, respectively) harbor a mutual hatred towards the other because of their extreme differing opinions. One such example is Cal's dislike for the idea of marriage, even towards his best friend (who he's known since childhood) who is about to get married; Jane couldn't be happier for the couple and doesn't see how Cal could be so bitter and anti-marriage when, clearly, this couple belongs together. 	 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, reading it this past Saturday when my room had no internet (Stupid college...). So, I decided to read this book that I spent forever to get, due to the fact that certain bookstores didn't have the book right when they opened on the release date (Stupid bookstores). But it was all worth it. I really liked the way that Meg used emails and journal entries  instead of the usual novel paragraphs that most writers use. Also, at the end, Avon (the publishing company) included a little essay Meg wrote specifically for this book on what inspired her to write it, which was her own elopement to Italy when she got married and she talked about the fabrications and non fabrications she made in writing this book. It was very interesting and I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves to read.  Unlike some other reviewers who felt that this book was not "up to par" with Meg's other books, I thought this book was one of Meg's best that she's ever written.   One reviewer said that Meg prolly didnt spend much time on this book and made it just to get more money, which is so not true. Since this book is based on Meg's own elopement to Italy, you're probably right, she probably didnt spend much time on this book because it's based on her own experiences. She wrote that this book was almost entirely autobiographical. When a book is like that, it doesnt take long to write. Also, Meg normally doesnt spend a whole year or whatever writing a book. It takes her like a month (but longer to develop the idea).      