 I absolutely adored this album! I heard "Whenever, Wherever" and I fell in love with this singer. I have been tempted to get her previous Spanish language albums, but haven't gotten around to it yet. I like the fact that she produced and wrote everything on this album. We seriously need more singer/songwriters in this world.  1)Objection (Tango)- Great rock song to kick off her English debut album! This song is very good with a great tango beat (hence the title) 5/5  2)Underneath Your Clothes- Very beautiful ballad with excellent lyrics. This song is about looking on the inside, not base on looks. 4/5  3)Whenever, Wherever- The first hit single that took the world by storm. Beautiful lyrics, great beat and really makes you want to get up and dance. 4/5  4)Rules- This is one of my favorites and really should've been a single, but alas, it was not to be. But this song has a great beat and great lyrics. 5/5  5)The One- This song is very good, and a beautiful ballad about her boyfriend. The lyrics are very honest and straight to the point. It's one of my favorite songs. 5/5  6)Ready For The Good Times- A dance song, very upbeat. Kinda wierd lyrics, but a fun song about letting loose and having FUN!!!  4/5  7)Fool- This is another of my favorite songs off this album. Great honest lyrics, good beat. 5/5  8)Te Dejo Madrid- Despite the fact that I can't speak or understand Spanish to save my life, I LOVE singing this song even though I don't understand the lyrics. It's a very good song with a good beat. This is definitely one of my favorites!!! 5/5  9)Poem To A Horse- Weird song title, some wierd lyrics, but it is a good song that I enjoy a LOT! It's about a guy who is too wrapped up in himself. 5/5  10)Que Me Quedes Tu- Another song that I don't understand because it's in Spanish, yet that does not stop me from enjoying it IMMENSELY! I never took Spanish (I took Latin, don't ask me why...), but I love this song. 5/5  11)Eyes Like Yours (Ojos Asi)- I love the Arabian beat to this, though I could've done without the male vocal... but it is still a REALLY good song, it is my FAVORITE! and the BEST song on this CD. 5/5  12)Suerte- This is the Spanish version of "Whenever, Wherever". For some reason, I love the Spanish versions better than the English versions of this song and the "Objection (Tango) song. 5/5  13)Te Aviso, Te Anuncio (Tango)- The Spanish version of "Objection (Tango)". The lyrics are faster, and I love this version more than the English version. 5/5  Overall, this is a very good album. It's full of songs that will get you up and dancing as well as powerful ballads. Shakira is a talented singer, not as talented as Mariah, Celine, or Anastacia, but still one of the best!     