 I don't understand why people don't like the new packaging. I don't think it's flimsy at all; it is a bit hard to put the DVDs back in the box after getting them out, but it's not a huge deal to me.   This is definitely one of the best seasons ever. With 25 hilarious episodes, including the Stonecutters episode, Bart vs. Australia, Lemon of Troy, Lisa's Wedding, and their first ever cliffhanger episode Who Shot Mr. Burns?   The commentaries are very good (i'm actually listening to one now) and the extras are great again as well. I can't wait for more seasons to be released.   Also, for those complaining about the box, I have two things to say: 1)Get over it. It's just a box.  2)Supposedly, they're releasing Seasons 7-10 like this, with the other 4 family members' heads. So there's more of this to come. I bet all of you have your angry complaints already written to FOX, or are beginning to write them now. Again, I say, get over it.   EDIT! Some comments on 1star reviews:  "They are going to be picky about the products because they are the ones shelling out TOP $$$$$ to buy the product and I mean top dollar hear. Only the Sopranos seem to be more expensive (and take as long to release). They should have been smart and only sold this as a limited collectors edition instead of making it the only choice."- Um, there are so many other DVD sets that cost more than the Simpsons besides Sopranos, such as Gilmore Girls, Family Guy, Queer as Folk, and probably so many others.   "#3 Continuity: When you make 5 strait box sets that are perfectly uniform and then, do some major drugs, or hire a new marketer to try to boost sales by going off the marketing deep end by doing something radically different, don't be surprised when you get a backlash like this."- Doing it after the 5 seasons was a good idea. Doing the regular box set for the first season, then doing the Homer thing for the second and following seasons would be even worse than this. Doing things in sets of 5 makes more sense. 1-5 were traditional box sets, then 6-10 are family members heads, then 11-15 are something else (possibly going back to the original box).  "and the fact that they paid about $50 (with tax) on this set."- Actually, if people bought it at Walmart (like me), they would have only paid around $33, which is actually why I bought it because I buy things on sale. I was choosing between the 5th and 6th season and went with the 6th because it had more episodes and it was a cool design box. The packaging doesnt seem cheap to me or flimsy. I've had it for several days, I opened it in a car, and opened it several times and nothing has happened to it at all.   "And the fact that none of the DVDs are labelled with their episodes."- I have several TV DVD box sets and almost none of them have the episode titles or numbers on them (with the exception of Wonderfalls). Besides, that's what the little insert booklet is for. It tells you what episodes are on what DVD. And frankly, I don't even know why you would need it on there.   I like the commentaries. They're pretty funny and very insightful. And the Homer head is not ugly and inconvenient. I really like it and I think it's pretty clever to do that.   I also do not think that they are trying to "insult" us at all. The insert for this DVD is supposed to be funny and they assumed that fans of the Simpsons might actually get a joke. Is that really too much to assume?  " watch the shows without having to go into a whole riggamajigg just to get to the episodes."- Um, how does it turn into a whole "riggamajigg" to get to the episodes. You buy the set, pop in a DVD, the menu comes up, you pick an episode and watch it. Let me know how that is hard.   And I don't think the last few seasons were at all "unfunny". I think they're pretty funny and I love every season of the simpsons; they're all good. And who cares whether or not they do a movie. If they do one, good. If they don't, whatever. They're still doing the show, so that's enough for me. And it should be for everyone.      