 "Clif D", Kylie did write some of the songs on this album. She cowrote 7 of 14 tracks including the smash "Slow" and the two extra tracks on the CD. Anyhoo, here's an overview of the CD:  1) Slow- A groovy track. One of my faves! The first single off this album, it's really good. Very sexy 4/5  2) Still Standing- good song, not really the best or one of my faves. just kinda eh 3/5  3) Secret (Take You Home)- AWESOME song! I love the rap in it. This is definately one of Kylie's best songs (along with "Step Back In Time", which is one of my absolute faves!). It's got a great R&B feel to it. 5/5  4) Promises- Another fave! great song, great lyrics. 4/5  5) Sweet Music- This is a really good song, got a great hook right from the start. This prolly would've been a good single, tho this was the Bside to the Slow single. 5/5  6) Red Blooded Woman- OMG!!! I LOVE this song! From the moment I first heard it, I fell in love with it. I was so happy it was released as a single and the video for it is awesome. Has an urban/R&Bish feel to it. quite a catchy song. 5/5  7) Chocolate- 3rd and, sadly, the final single off this album. I love this song sooo much. It is very sexy and has a great chorus. The video for this is really awesome too. It takes things down to a slower level, giving us a good chill song after all the hot dance tracks. 5/5  8) Obsession- Another great song with great lyrics. Very sassy and is sort of a reality check to anyone who is really narcissistic (god, i hope i spelled that right!). 4/5  9) I Feel For You- Hmmm, not one of the best tracks. Has a kind of '70s feel to it. There's this annoying voice in the background that really shouldn't be there, but this song is still kinda good. 3/5  10) Someday- Again, this song is like "I Feel For You", it's not one of the best, it's just ok. This is like a breakup song. 3/5  11) Loving Days- This is another one of my faves. It's a ballad, but Kylie sounds so good on this. Great lyrics, very deep and thought-provoking. 5/5  12) After Dark- really good song, great hook, catchy beats, very sexy. 4/5  EXTRAS!!!!!! 13) Cruise Control- this is another one of my faves! This is such a good song. very catchy, sexy, really enjoyable. glad this was on the album! 5/5  14) You Make Me Feel- This is a pretty good song with a great beat. There are crickets chirping in the background and, when I first heard it, I thought there were actually crickets in my room (I am like deathly afraid of crickets... ok, maybe not deathly, but i'm not a big fan of them.) Other than the cricket fright, this is a really good song.  The CD also includes the "Slow" video and and a live version of "Can't Get You Out of My Head" from her recent tour. I was really surprised with all the extras on this album. Two extra songs and two videos! Normally in America, we get shortchanged, but this time we didn't. I advise that you go out and buy this CD right now! I don't care if it's 1am and nothing's open!! Break into the store and get it!! HAHA, jk! But, please, I urge you guys to buy this CD! It's very different from her other albums, but I still love it! VIVA LA KYLIE!!     