 Love Angel Music Baby Review  No Doubt has been one of the best ska bands of the past decade and has provided many songs for everyone to enjoy. My personal fave is "ex-Girlfriend". The popularity of its lead singer Gwen Stefani has since grown and Gwen has decided to make a new album without her band, though some songs on this CD (named after her new clothing line) are collaborations with her former bandmates. Led by the hot single "What You Waiting For", Gwen provides us with an eclectic mix of songs on her debut solo CD, showcasing her fascination with Harujuku girls and her own insecurity with making a solo album and how it will be recieived.  Track List 1) What You Waiting For- This is definitely something I have never heard before. Gwen's voice is all over the place with this song and it makes the song so good. This is the first single and it's a great song. This is an excellent song to dance around to (as well as sing to, which I have done several times today, lol.) 5/5  2) Rich Girl (featuring Eve)-  Another collaboration with Eve that fails to match or even surpass their previous collaboration on that song "Let Me Blow Ya Mind", but it is still a good song nonetheless. 4/5  3) Hollaback Girl- Although a bit repetitive, this is still a great song. Backed with a stomping sound and trumpets, this song is good, but still could be better. But it is still a fun track. 4/5  4) Cool- A synth filled track, this song talks about a breakup, but puts a positive spin on things by being friends with the person you broke up with (*coughTonyandGwencough* lol). This is a perfect example of Gwen's 80s influences on this CD. 5/5  5) Bubble Pop Electric (featuring Johnny Vulture aka Andre 3000) - Produced by Johnny Vulture (who is also featured in the song), this is another danceable track. Even though it has a weird title, this is a really good song. I love this song! It does have a weird beat. When I was listening to this CD for the first time and I saw that title, I was like "I can only imagine what this song sounds like." 5/5  6) Luxurious- With a more R&B feel, this song is kind of mid tempo and isn't a really good song. It has pretty, beautiful music but the lyrics aren't good enough. It samples a piece from Notorious B.I.G's "Big Poppa". 3/5  7) Harujuku Girls- This song defines Gwen's fascination with the Harujuku girls and has an Oriental feel to it in the beginning. With occasional Japanese words thrown in, this is a good song with a catchy chorus. This is the longest song on this album, coming close to 5 minutes. 5/5  8) Crash- This is a REALLY good song! I love this song, and it sounds a lot like the song "Push It Real Hard" (I think it's called that...) by Salt N Pepa. It talks about driving, but the lyrics could definitely mean something else. Produced by Tony Kanal. 5/5  9) The Real Thing- Starting off slow like a ballad, it moves into mid tempo territory. The lyrics in this song are meaningful and are very beautiful. This song is very mellow and soothing. 5/5  10) Serious- Beginning with string instruments playing, it goes straight into an electronic beat. Written by Gwen and Tony, this song does sound like an 80s song done by Kylie Minogue that kind of combines her early career and her indie period. This is a good song, but not good enough. 3/5  11) Danger Zone- With an electro bass sound, this is one of my favorite songs. It does get a bit repetitive, but it is still a good track. 4/5  12) Long Way to Go (featuring Andre 3000)- This song deals with interracial dating and features clips from Martin Luther King Jr's famous speech. The clips are weird just because they are spliced with the beats and it sounds weird. With clever poetic lyrics, this song is sure to provoke some thought on this issue. 5/5  Despite her constant references to her new clothing line, this is still a good album to get. I would suggest getting it at Target because it's only $10 there. The booklet that comes with the CD contains the lyrics to each song, which I always like to have when I buy a CD. There is also a deluxe edition of the CD that costs anywhere from $25 to $35 that contains a "Fabric wrapped, gold embossed, hardcore digipak - Book style layout with gold ribbon bookmark - Plus a custom CD case designed by Gwen (taken from amazon.com)" So go out and buy it!     