 Since I live in the US, I don't have the album yet and I'm not sure when I'll get it, but I'm writing my review using the 1 minute clips on her official site of all 12 songs (www.melaniec.net) Anyway, Melanie C is back and better than ever with her third album Beautiful Intentions, produced by her new record label, Red Girl Records, which she made after being dropped from Virgin after the flop of her second record Reason. This album just may be the one to put her back on the map and show everyone what she's capable of.   1)Beautiful Intentions- The title track opens with a hard guitar riff and really brings you into her new hard rock sound. This song is about being able to see whether or not someone likes you. "So blind that I can't decide if you knew I harboured beautiful intentions for you/So cruel that I never knew truly if you harboured beautiful intentions for me" 5/5  2)Next Best Superstar- The first single off this album, which talks about the whole Pop Idol/American Idol phenomenon and this song really takes a bite at the whole pop culture. "Make a joke, do the show, where does all the money go?/You're living your dream/Crack a smile in denial, throw your morals on the fire/You're living your dream." 5/5  3)Better Alone- The first of very few ballads on this album, which shows the more mellow, softer side of Melanie that we saw in her Reason album. 5/5  4)Last Night on Earth- The kind of fun rocker song on the album (all of them are fun, but this is the funnest of them all) that makes you want to rock out. 5/5  5)You Will See- Getting deeper and deeper into the rock sound, You Will See is another one of my favorite songs. "Cos it's only a matter of time til it finds you/Try to run for your life, you'll still feel it behind you/You will see." 5/5  6)Never Say Never- One of my favorite songs on the album, this song has a great rocker sound and Melanie's vocals are really good on this. 5/5  7)Good Girl- When I first heard this, it was one of my least favorite songs on the album, but after several listens, it's beginning to grow on me. This is another ballad and has a very mellow sound to it and Melanie's vocals are pretty good on this song too. 4/5  8)Don't Need This- After having heard Lisa Marie Presley's new CD, this sounds like it could have been on that record as well, but it fits very well on here. "Now I'm planning my attack and I will surely rise again/Running from yourself isn't gonna save you." Great rocker song and another of my favorites. 5/5  9)Little Piece of Me- Yet another favorite song of mine and it's a great rock song. Melanie sings very well on this song. "All you want me to be is a little souvenir/Of a night you won't even remember/It's not because I'm worth it, not cuz I deserve it/You just want to get your hands on a little piece of me." 5/5  10)Here and Now- A haunting melody begins this song and then moves into a more mellow ballad. It's another song that may take a while to grow on me. 3/5  11)Take Your Pleasure- We move back to the rock sound into my final favorite song on the album. This song is about someone taking pleasure from Melanie's pain. "You take your pleasure from my pain, inflict your damage/I expect your delusion is part of you hating yourself, so take your pleasure from my pain." 5/5  12)You'll Get Yours- The final song on the album is a beautiful ballad which really shows off Mel's vocals well. "If you turn the pages and look inside, there is nothing of me I feel that I have to hide/If you turn the tables and look at yourself, is there something you fear that you would have to confess?" 4/5  Overall, this album is one of the best I've heard in a while, not only from Mel but from the whole music industry. Having written all but one track (Next Best Superstar), Melanie is definitely showing off her lyricism and it really seems to be improving from album to album. It shows she has put so much work and effort into this album, crafting it to be the best. I can't wait to get this album.     