 Lisa Marie Presley, daughter of Elvis, has come back with a sophomore album which is better than her debut effort, though both have their unique qualities. With her brutally honest lyrics (some containing expletives) and catchy rock hooks, she creates a beautiful rock album that is great to rock out to.  1)I'll Figure It Out- A good rock song to start off the album. Lisa Marie seems to singing about possibly trying to distance herself from her father so she can make a life of her own. "It took me my whole life, to finally figure out that I'm not in the mood to be anything like you." 5/5  2)Turbulence- One of my favorite songs on the album, perhaps because it's a bit more pop sounding than the other songs. It could definitely be a single. 5/5  3)Thanx- This song was inspired by everyone close to Lisa Marie and is a little tribute to her fans and has very strong meaning. It's a very good song and could also be a single. 4/5  4)Shine- This song is a duet with Grammy winner Pink. A rock ballad that talks about showing everyone the best you can be and how much you can shine. 3/5  5)Dirty Laundry- Originally written by Don Henley, Lisa Marie takes this song and gives it her own spin and uses it as her lead single to promote the album. A country sound sounds through all the rock guitars and it certainly makes for a cool, unique song. 5/5  6)When You Go- Another ballad song that works really well with Lisa's raspy vocals. This is a song about having to say goodbye to someone you love very much. "When you go, a feeling that chokes/ When you go, a fever that soaks/ When you go, you go away into the unknown"  7)Idiot- This is just a fun rock song that seems to talk about an ex-boyfriend and it's really a good catchy song. "Please remember me, Believe in me as someone who's never gonna wish you well." This song definitely shows off her brutal honesty in the way she writes her lyrics. 5/5  8)High Enough- A slower, more ballad like song which isn't one of the best because her vocals are lacking. Her voice is not suited to this kind of song. One of my least favorite songs on the album. 2/5  9)Turned to Black- Another ballad that isn't the best for her raspy voice. The lyrics are very good but they can't save this song. If it had been done in a different way, it could have been a better song. 2/5  10)Raven- Another ballad, but it has a more rock edge to it and the lyrics hold a deeper meaning because it's about her mom. Her vocals are also better on this song. "Go on dry your eyes/Hey you finally see me - hi/And I see you/And everything till now/It wasn't that bad really/Beautiful lady" 5/5  11)Now What- This song is acoustic and is one of the best songs on the album because it showcases her vocals really well. This song is about the ending of a relationship and wondering the question "Now what?" 5/5  12)Here Today, Gone Tomorrow- A remake of the classic Ramones song. Lisa writes in the liner notes: "Johnny Ramone picked this song for me to sing. He wanted me to sing it on a Ramones tribute record where many of his friends and artists covered Ramones songs. Bad timing and circumstances didn't permit me to do it then.... I promised him I was going to put it on this record. He was very sick but wanted to play guitar on it as long as he was sitting down. Unfortunately, the very day that we were recording the basic track, he died... The bonus track is for Johnny and my homage to the Ramones." This is a very good song and a very good addition to the album as a whole. 5/5  Overall, this is a very good album. I had to go to Target to get this because Walmart only carried the clean version, which was really bad and it made me sad. But this is one of the best albums I've heard in a while; the brutally honest lyrics and rock hooks make this album worth a listen.     