 I couldnt think of a better title. lol.  Anyway, I don't know why people don't like this season. I actually think it's the best season. It has some of the best episodes. The first three seasons were great, but I still like the fourth better. I bought this DVD mainly because it had a lot of cool extras (this is the only series I own of Ab Fab).   Here's an episode overview: 1)Parralox- Patsy gets parralox and pressures Edina into getting it as well so she'll look good on TV when she goes on Richard and Judy with Twiggy. Saffy tries to get a New Labor job. It's not one of my favorite episodes, but it's got some great parts (I don't understand the whole exchange between Candy and that other girl in the club, even after watching it with the commentary.) Anyway, pretty good episode. 8/10  2)Fish Farm- This isn't one of my favorite episodes, but it does have some good gags in it. Edina finally goes on a date again with a supposed wealthy person, but a shocking (to them) secret is revealed. 7/10  3)Paris- Patsy begins her modeling career again for a special photo shoot of young and old models as well as a mother and daughter shoot. Saffy, Edina, and Bubble join Patsy on her way to Paris. The relationship between Edina and Saffy begins to blossom, but Edina's idea of sight seeing does something that causes a riff between them again. A hilarious episode. 9/10  4)Donkey- A Sex and the City-type episode. It begins with a usual dinner with Edina and her friends and Edina is told that she's too fat. Determined to be the fast racehorse and not the donkey, she engages in an exercise program and gives up booze. But sometimes things don't always work out. Absolutely hilarious episode. 10/10  5)Small Opening- Saffy's written a play about her life and Edina is horrified at what kind of play Saffy's written, and just HOW fat is the actress playing her? This is definitely one of the best episodes in the whole show's history. I love this episode and I'm so glad that I have the chance to watch it whenever I want to now. 10/10  6)Menopause- I'm just gonna write what's on the back of the DVD because I don't know how to describe this fantastic epiosde. Womb prayers echo all around the house as Eddy and Patsy join Menopausals Anonymous. While Edina rails against the group hugs, a new, altogether fluffier Patsy is about to emerge... I absolutely love this episode. With a peek into the future life of Edina and Patsy as old women, another great episode from Series 4. 10/10  EXTRAS: Commentary by Jen Saunders and Jon Plowman on all 6 episodes (hilarious); Mirrorball special featuring the original cast in different characters (Jane Horrocks is HILARIOUS in this); Outtakes; Photo Gallery; a Who's Who guide to the cast, the celebrity guests, and the various references made throughout Series 4; two sketches from French and Saunders that started the whole show of Ab Fab ("Modern Mother and Daughter" and "Woman's World", hilarious stuff); and a clip from 1967 with Joanna Lumley talking about modeling (a very interesting clip)  All in all, one of the best DVD packages I've seen. The episodes are great, the extras are awesome, so get this DVD!     