 Lindsay Lohan started off as a great actress in such remakes as "Parent Trap" and "Freaky Friday". Then, she moved onto the box office flop "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" and the smash hit "Mean Girls", which was written by SNL star Tina Fey. With this, her debut CD "Speak", she is stretching her creative muscles and moving into the world of music. Starting off with the club hit "Rumors" (complete with a Britney Spears-esque video), this CD is actually pretty good.   1) First- A song about being different, it contains a rockish feel to it and is a really good song. 4/5   2) Nobody Til You- A song about finding the one for you after all the lonely nights. This is definitely another rock song and it's good to see Lindsay breaking out of her pop shell. 4/5   3) Symptoms of You- Cowritten by Lindsay, this starts off as a slow song that reminds me of Vanessa Carlton with its piano melody, but it soon goes into a rocking chorus and then back to the piano. This is kind of on the short side coming in at less than three minutes. 5/5   4) Speak- The title song of the album, this was cowritten by Lindsay as well, it talks about speaking your mind no matter what the consequences. This is one of my favorites on the album with its rocking melody and Lindsay's voice is very good on this song. 5/5   5) Over- Rumored to be the second single, this song is about having the person you're in a relationship in to say whether or not it's over. This contains heavy guitar riffs and is another good song, but not as good as the previous four songs. 3/5   6) Something I Never Had- This is a ballad, but it once again goes into rocking parts, which is good. This is one of the songs I can actually relate to. You love someone, they want out, you want to hold on but it hurts yet you have to let go of something you never had. 4/5   7) Anything But Me- By the title, you can tell this song is about everyone telling you to be anyone but yourself. Cowritten by Lindsay, this shows her true feelings about the media telling her how to live and focusing on her every move. 4/5   8) Disconnected- Continuing the rocker theme, this song has a good beat and shows some good vocals from Lindsay. 4/5   9) To Know Your Name- The way she sings the verses is wierd, but the chorus is very catchy. This is not my favorite song on the album, and I probably will skip whenever I listen to the album. 2/5   10) Very Last Moment In Time- A rock ballad with a good message: Live your life to the fullest, as if it were "the very last moment in time". 4/5   11) Rumors- The first single off the album, it talks about not spreading rumors about her. This song is definitely like Britney's cover of Bobby Brown's "My Prerogative". It carries the same message basically and they both have good club beats. This is definitely one of my favorite songs, despite the similarities.   Overall, Lindsay's debut CD is pretty good, containing a rockish feel and seemingly more personal lyrics than fellow teen pop princess Hilary Duff's albums. I urge everyone to go out and buy this CD.... or test it out at some of the places online where it's available. Check msn.com (or your Windows Media Player) or www.mtv.com and look for "The Leak".     