 "Clif D", I have a question for you. Do you hate all music? Every review I've seen by you is one star and is normally CDs that I personally enjoyed. What IS your problem?  But anyway, I LOVED this CD because it was a departure from Celine's previous albums which had mostly ballads, which I don't mind at all. I mean, I loved those songs too, but I was glad to hear this CD had more dance beats and a pop sound.  1)I Drove All Night- A cover of an older song, but it is quite good. You probably heard it on Chrysler commercials. This song showcases Celine's powerful voice and has a great dance beat to it.  5/5  2)Love Is All We Need- This is a pretty good song, not the best and not really one of my favorites. 4/5  3)Faith- This is a great song too, it's like an upbeat ballad. 4/5  4)In His Touch- An awesome ballad. Celine's still got it! 5/5  5)One Heart- The tempo picks up again and has you up and dancing. I loved this song from the first moment I heard it, it is very catchy. This has a great message. 5/5  6)Stand By Your Side- This is a great ballad, very touching and heartwarming. 5/5  7)Naked- This is a very good song. The acoustic guitar is quite a nice touch and gives the song a great feel. One of my favorites. 5/5  8)Sorry For Love (2003 Version)- Repeat from her "A New Day Has Come" CD, but given a reworking (it's like a remix). It's slower than the previous version, but it's still really good. There's a crescendo near the end that is pure Celine. 5/5  9)Have You Ever Been In Love?- completely taken from her previous album, but it's just one song that was taken and it's a very good ballad anyway. Excellent vocals from Celine. 5/5  10)Reveal- This song is one of my favorites! One of the best uptempo songs I've heard from her. It sounds very mystical, in my opinion, and has a great dance beat to it. I love singing this song. Celine's vocals are quite impressive on this song (as they are on every song of hers, but this a bit more so). 5/5  11)Coulda Woulda Shoulda- I didn't like this song when I first heard, but over time it grew on me. It's a pretty good song, but not very outstanding. 4/5  12)Forget Me Not- Very nice ballad, fantastic lyrics, great arrangements, classic Celine. 5/5  13)I Know What Love Is- This is another one of my favorite tracks. It's another ballad with very good vocals from Celine and great lyrics. 5/5  14)Je T'Aime Encore- This song is sung in English, but it's still very good. The lyrics are sung as though a letter is being written and I think it is a very beautiful song. 5/5  I was put off by the partnership with Chrysler as well as the Chrysler logo in the CD case. The first thing I thought when I bought this and opened it and saw the logo, I was like "Can you say sellout?" BUT then I listened to it and I love all the songs on it. I urge all of you to go out and buy it!      