 I'd like to present the Myth Adventures books from my perspective. When I started reading them, they were still fairly new -- only the first three books had been published. I read and enjoyed these, and waited eagerly for the next book to come out. These books revolved around the mis-adventures (mis-adventures/myth adventures, get it???) of a would be wizard named Skeeve, and his mentor/cohort a green demon named Aahz. They were cute, they were fun, I'd reccomend the early books, especially to younger readers just getting a taste for fantasy novels.  At the time, Robert Asprin didn't disappoint, he was producing Myth Adventures books with great regularity for many years. Then, suddenly, "M.Y.T.H. Inc. Link" came out, which he described in the introduction as a kind of transitional book. From this point on, what he said that he wanted to do was alternate between writing books which would be essentially collections of short stories told from the persepctives of various members of the supporting cast (the "M.Y.T.H. Inc." books), and the traditional Myth Adventures books told from the perspective of Skeeve.   I may have been young and naive at the time but what this said to me was "I have run out of ideas. Please look at this book of short stories while I stall for time with my publisher."  I suppose that "M.Y.T.H. Inc. Link" wasn't that bad a book, it just feels very forced when compared with his earlier stuff. I looked forward to him getting back on track with his next book. The next book was entitled "Myth-nomers and Im-Pervections" (I still don't quite get the title). Not only did it feel just as forced as the other book, it was incredibly dull and tedious. The plot was way too drawn out -- kind of reaffirming my whole "Out of Ideas" theory.   These books were not as bad as the series was going to get (I reviewed the next two books in the series as well), but they were still pretty darn bad. I reccomend that you stop reading this series with "Little Myth Marker".      