 Just as "Dune" and "Dune Messiah" were two books which comprised one story, "Heretics of Dune" and "Chapterhouse Dune" make up a two book story. It is 1500 years after the Tyrant, Leto II was killed. Arrakis, now called Rakis, which Leto had transformed into a lush paradise (and thus killed the worms that supplied Spice) is turning back to a desert, complete with sandworms. Following Leto's death, humankind went to the four corners of the universe, in something called "The Scattering". Now, some of them are returning, in the form of the Honored Matres, wild women who practice sexual enslavement of men, and seem intent on destroying, utterly, anyone who opposes them.  The only ones who have any hope of opposing them are the Bene Gesserit Sisterhood who are involved in a project, raising yet another ghola of Duncan Idaho on the planet of Gammu.  "Heretics" is an exciting story which focuses on the Bene Gesserits, giving a far more sympathetic portrayal of them than we have yet seen. Two of my favorite characters are introduced in this book: Miles Teg, the sisterhood's military advisor, and Darwi Odrade, a reverend mother who is somewhat of a heretic in the Sisterhood because of her refusal to fully abandon love and sentiment, which are strongly discouraged by the Bene Gesserits. This book recaptures some of the adventure seen in "Dune" and "Children of Dune," and has many warm, interesting, and compelling characters. Herbert tries to portray more of what everyday life is like in the Dune universe, trying hard to depict several cities, and how "average" people go about their lives. Perhaps it is because I am not used to seeing such depictions in his books, but I don't think these worked entirely, and I had a hard time envisioning what he described. The Honored Matres, on the other hand, I had no trouble visualizing. What great villains! They are sinister and genuinely menacing villains, the likes of which we have not seen since the House Harkkonen in the original "Dune." The ending of the book was too rushed, for my tastes, Herbert glossed over most of the actual battles with the Honored Matres. There was something of a cliffhanger ending, at the end, which is sad, because the book's sequal, "Chapterhouse Dune" was very disappointing, capturing almost none of this book's appeal.     