 If you aren't familiar with Terry Pratchett's previous Discworld Books, in particularly those involving the Ankh Morpork City Watch, don't let this book serve as your introduction to them. It isn't so much a bad book, as it is a cursory one. Read the previous watch books in the series first ("Guards, Guards!", "Men at Arms", "Jingo", "Feet of Clay", "The Fifth Elephant", and "Night Watch"), then you will have a better idea of what is going on in "Thud!" and you will have a more complete idea of the characters presented in "Thud!" who are trotted out in front of the reader with barely a chance for any character development before they are sent back to the sideline (except for Commander Vimes, who is always the focus of these books).  If you are familiar with the ouvre of the Watch books, it has everything you've come to expect. A crime has been committed in Ankh Morpork which threatens to throw the city into chaos. Lord Vetinari is pushing the City Watch, in the form of Commander Vimes to bring the matter to a successful conclusion. Vimes investigates, with the support of typical favorite characters such as Detritus, Carrot, Cheery, et al. Meanwhile, there is the humorous subplot involving Sergeant Colon and Corporal Nobbs (the  two most incompetent policemen ever), the subplot involving the romantic tension between Captain Carrot and Sergeant Angua, and the tension subsequent on Vimes balancing police-work with his home life with his wife, Sybil.   The trouble is that, where in previous books, pages were devoted to each of these sub-plots, in this book, barely paragraphs are devoted to them. They are resolved in a casual, off-hand manner, in a few sentences and brushed aside in favor of the over-arching storyline (instead of being integrated into it, as they had been in previous books) which is a mystery which isn't very mysterious, and not very interesting.  Even with the character of Vimes, we are told, rather than shown what he was feeling most of the time. The result is a rather flat experience.  Terry Pratchett is a great writer, and if you are familiar with the characters, you will still enjoy the book, there are a few really funny moments, scattered through the book, however "Thud!" really has none of the depth or dramatic tension of his other Watch books.     