 I *loved* this anthology, and I don't even identify butch or femme. There is a wonderful range of voices in it, lesbians all, and the butches still claim being women (fancy that!) and some of them even let the femme touch them back (wow!). Out of a half-dozen anthologies I've read in the last year, this is the only one where it's not just OKAY for the femme to touch the butch's genitalia, the butch encourages it as part of their exchange. A butch in a b/f couple I know recently said she was starting to wonder if there was something wrong with her liking to be flipped. I loaned her my copy of this anthology to reassure her that femmes doing butches isn't as rare as it seems in stories these days.  There are couples and one-nighters and a taste of menage a trois. A few stories are erotically-charged but have more impact as literature about b/f in the lesbian community. (Compared to the "Best of Lesbian Sex" series, this anthology says more about ***LESBIAN*** sex than the last 3 of that series put together.)  I was particularly struck by "Touching Stone" the first story I've read where a femme's feeling about her lover going stone and then FtM are explored. Every other story I've read about it seems to assume the femme will be hunky dory that she can no longer give lesbian sex to her lover, or any kind of sex for that matter, like she'll *of course* be happy to do all the receiving, isn't that a femme's dream? This was a very eye-opening story that shows poetically a femme's attempt to deal with her changed lover. It gave me a few things to think about.  For the shy reader, my other favorite story was by a writer I thought too vanilla for me, Karin Kallmaker. "The Butch Across the Hall" is a humorous, sexy story about a woman's first time with a butch and the butch's toy. I loved how it dealt with all the stereotypes that ran through her head as she considered what it meant (and didn't mean) to use one. Not the least bit preachy. And the line "Hasn't anyone ever made you feel beautiful before?" seemed to encapsulate what this anthology says about the butch-femme dynamic.   There are a number of first-time published writers in this anthology, which is a daring and rewarding effort on the part of the editor. A definite YES from me, and like another reviewer I hope for a volume 2.         