 I am the first to admit that my lesbian-focused reading is of the "Plot, What Plot?" variety. I like reading about women enjoying each others' bodies in well-written, usually short story formats. On one such reading binge I found a story by a writer I presumed was too vanilla for my tastes, but the story was sexy, hot and explicit.   It's with chagrin that I discovered, upon looking at Karin Kallmaker's website, that I had little idea of what it was she wrote. Yes, the majority of her works are romances (for which I have little taste, but I just read my first of hers, Sugar, and to my shock, I liked it). There's also science fiction, fantasy, gothic and erotica. So far her writing is professional, smooth, witty, at times thought-provoking and always enjoyably escapist.   But can she *really* write erotica when her stock-in-trade is vanilla romance? The answer is a resounding YES! Her erotica is drenched in the pleasures of the female body and her work is wholly about women with women in safe, pleasurable, consensual fun. Her characters are clear about what they like, why they like it and make no excuses for it, either.   All the Wrong Places is part romance novel and part erotic journey. Some writers might fail on one count or the other, but Kallmaker delivers wonderfully on both levels. That might explain why this novel has been nominated for awards in both romance and erotica categories.  All the Wrong Place's seemingly simple premise and presentation is a tribute to the writer's craft because a complicated, deftly delivered weaving of memory and immediacy underlies the story. While Brandy dallies with two of the resort guests over course of a few days, we are treated to a minute-by-minute recounting, in intimate, delicious detail, of her first night with Tess, the woman she's falling in love with. On one level we get in-the-moment raw sex, and on the other lovingly detailed intimate play. We, like Brandy, can't help but compare the experiences. Both levels are fantastically satisfying. But it's with Tess that Brandy finds pleasures beyond the bed.   When Brandy is forced to leave the resort for a family funeral, she recalls in painful detail the reasons she no longer makes contact with her family. Brandy vows that she will not have "a tankard of Trapped for dinner chased by a bowl of Bitter for breakfast" as her mother did. It's these confrontations that sharpen her appreciation for what real love might be like. We are given, through artful storytelling, the sharp contrast of her father's deceitful, abusive womanizing compared to Brandy's loving, respectful woman-centric sexuality.   One of the reasons I've not cared for romances is that a common story is the woman who plays around decides it's time to settle down and renounces her sexual range and play. When finding true love she becomes less than she was, especially sexually. All the Wrong Places takes no such tone. Brandy doesn't go searching for a "suitable" long term mate after sowing her wild oats; she realizes that the relationship she is crafting with Tess might be good for the long haul. As Brandy herself relates, "Forever isn't a destination, it's a journey."  Anyone who likes erotica about women with women doing women and being women will like this novel. It's just plain hot. Brandy is enthuasiastic and wry, full of insight and sometimes clueless and brash. She reminds me of me a certain number of years ago.   Anyone who likes a good, romantic plot complete with seduction, foreplay, angst and that hope of happily ever after will enjoy this tale as well. Watching Brandy and Tess work out their issues came across to me as honest and earnest without being cloying.   This is one of those seemingly simple books that delivers delightful escapist enjoyment from start to finish. The reason it succeeds so well is that the writer truly knows her craft.   Romance or erotica? Who cares?!     