 A long-time favorite of readers on the Net, this talented writer is certain to make even more fans with her first commercial novel - a gem of a tale offering all the elements that readers have come to expect from a B L  Miller offering - romance, SIZZLING passion, humor and GREAT angst all  wrapped up in an original, well-written story you wont want to put down.   The story begins on a cold winter evening in modern day Albany with Rose  Grayson on her way home after working her shift as a cashier in a local  supermarket.  Heading home that evening also, slightly inebriated and in a  bad mood after an unpleasant business dinner, is wealthy executive Veronica  "Ronnie" Cartwright - her life about to be forever changed when a  fleeing figure suddenly darts in front of her Porsche.  Horrified by the  accident but hoping to avoid the repercussions that would come from  acknowledging her involvement, Ronnie rushes the unconscious young woman to  the hospital claiming simply to have found her but willing to take  responsibility for her care.  In the ensuing days as the executive  continues to try to help Rose Grayson what she discovers is a poignant  picture of a young woman very much alone, living in poverty, and trying to  survive in a world that is often brutal to those with the kindest hearts.   What begins as a responsibility for the executive soon leads to a very  special friendship and then to something wholly unexpected for Ronnie - as  she finds herself falling deeply and completely in love with the young  woman, trying to deal with old fears from the past and with the knowledge  that what happened on a cold Winter evening may very well come back to  haunt her someday.  B.L. does a FANTASTIC job here of giving her story that  contemporary flavor presenting us with characters that seem very real, with  modern-day lives and concerns and attitudes - even modern-day preferences  in TV programming ;-)   Her development of the Rose/Ronnie relationship is  incredibly captivating as she takes them gradually through the stages from  acquaintances, to friends, to lovers and soulmates.  B.L. fleshes out the  plot by exploring the family dynamics of both these women including a  number of colorful supporting characters in a storyline that is emotional,  funny, sexy and TOTALLY riveting.  An outstanding read that gets my HIGHEST  RECOMMENDATION!!     