 Set in a modern-day women's prison known as the Bog, this is a phenomenal, gut-wrenching story marking the debut of an exceptional writer. Told from the perspective of a young woman named Angel serving a sentence for murder, the story follows the daily drama of life in a setting where violence is the predominant state of affairs, the struggle for survival consumes most of the hours in a day, and despair holds the soul in a vice like grip. Bright, friendly and determined not to give in to that despair, Angel carves a niche for herself within the prison, surviving some initial encounters with its most violent denizens to become a respected inmate known for her skills at procuring things for the prisoners.  It's a skill that will bring her to the attention of infamous repeat offender Morgan Steele when the legendary prisoner better known as "Ice" returns to the Bog. The minute Angel looks into the woman's icy blue eyes, she is drawn like a moth to a flame, sensing a connection she cannot explain and is not particularly interested in denying. Amused by the young woman's nervousness and charmed by her innocence, Ice takes the girl up on a dare that will forever change their lives as the two start down a road together they've never traveled before - fueling a passion that will rock them to the very core and nurturing a love that will make them stronger together...and so much more vulnerable apart. Joining Ice and Angel in this fascinating action-drama is a colorful cast of characters who add both to the novel's uber feel and the contemporary setting with some of the friendliest faces serving double duty as vicious killers. Susanne delivers here a story that pulls no punches, vividly describing the more harrowing aspects of prison life and making an important statement as well about the social ills that drive human beings into that life. Beautifully written and edited, the novel is both troubling and reaffirming - the type of memorable read that will stay with you for a while. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!     