 'Personal Velocity: Three Portraits' is a touching and beautiful film that manages to remain unsentimental. The three heroines are complex and believable, as are all characters in the film, though most others are given only a surface glance. The acting is so well done, though, that even minor characters almost betray their backrounds with no words.  Kyra Sedgwick plays Delia, a hard woman with a beautiful rear and a realistic attitude. Delia's story is a strong opening tale. Each story gives a brief boigraphy of its protagonist, and Delia's backstory is lightheartedly told. However, her past, and certainly her present, are heavy, and viewers see that her independence as a girl saves her in her adulthood. Sedgwick is viscerally real.  Parker Posey is Greta. Greta's episode works well as a middle installment. It is not as dramatic as Delia's, but it is, in some ways, more depressing. Greta is a cookbook editor whose main antagonist is herself. She is intelligent, financially comfortable, and ambitious. Greta realizes that the lattermost quality, along with her tendency to stray from her devout spouse, must be met and dealt with. Posey is an understated and sympathetic Greta.  The final episode features Fairuza Balk as a young, troubled woman with a compassionate heart. This is in some ways the strongest story, but I think that it is simply a solid conclusion. Paula (Balk) finds herself wandering in her car after witnessing a devastating car accident, the only aspect that connects the three portraits. Paula's story is at the same time the most grim and the most upbeat. She ends up being the kindest of the three characters, perhaps only because of her experiences.  Families are prominently featured in this movie. As stated above, every part is well acted, from Delia's high school friend to the detached hitchhiker that Paula picks up. An artistic device used beginning in the opening shots involves freezing the frame like a snapshot. In this film, it is affective, and is not a gimmick.  The three portraits are subtly connected, and there is no blatant summation. I found many of the choices made, including using a male voiced narration instead of a female voice-over, interesting and appropriate. This movie is recommended, but do not expect a certain kind of movie: let it surprise you.     