 Surprisingly unentertaining. Perhaps it was because I was not in a jolly mood when I watched this. This film version of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' simply does not capture the verve of a play. Obviously, this is in film format, but not much - other than dazzling scenery, costumes, music, and change of setting - have been added. One would think these additions were a dramatic improvement. Instead, they seem to conceal a fairly sloppy Shakespeare production. Subtelty could have been used to a greater extent. This movie is somewhere between a decent theatre production and a good film. Regarding acting (which I consider the most vital part of a Shakespeare presentation), it was only adequate. Kevin Kline was a surprisingly good Shakespearian actor. His Bottom was less obnoxious than I had previously seen. Stanley Tucci, as Puck, was one of the better actors in the play. I only wish he were in it more. Dominic West was a solid Lysander; Anna Friel, Hermia, faired as well as West. Rupert Everett was a fine Oberon, though the softness of his voice got old (my only criticism), and John Sessions shined in his tiny role as Philostrate. Michelle Pfeiffer was okay as Titania. She was gorgeous, and is obviously a capable actress, but her drawn out voice became a bit too sing song for my taste. Calista Flockhart was a passable Helena. Christian Bale (Demetrius), was disappointing - expressionless, and his lines were not believable. The mechanicals were touching and well acted. Theseus (David Strathairn) was particularly bad, and the little time Sophie Marceau did have as Hippolyta was not memorable. Bernard Hill was a decent Egeus.  Somehow I always imagined Bottom as a bachelor. However, this change added to the different portrayal of Bottom as a sympathetic character. Also, the play at the end lost just a whit of its humorous impact by having the audience laugh. If they had not laughed, though, viewers of the movie simply would have felt sorry for Bottom and his gang. Perhaps three stars is a harsh rating for a Shakespeare production. After all, this had a great script (though beloved parts were expectedly eliminated), and the acting was not terrible. I just felt that the actors did not have the charisma or the lovers the chemistry to carry off an already unbelievable story when this time there is a screen between the audience and them.     