 If THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA had been made before Moulin Rouge or Chicago it would have been more deserving Oscars awards.  With so many memorable songs, THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA is Andrew Lloyd Webber's best work by far. Since Phantom, however, his musicals Sunset Boulevard, The Beautiful Game, and most recently, The Woman in White, have been less then memorable; you can hardly recall a humable tune.  THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA is a beautifully made film and it is sure to stand the test of time. Of course, it would have been wonderful to have Michael Crawford star as the Phantom, but no point crying over split milk. Gerard Bulter is a great alternative choice and he has added a certain sexual tension that I haven't seen in other Phantoms. However, I think most would agree with me, if the Phantom is so attractive like Gerard why would Christine go for Raul?   Butler's recording is adequate but I did find myself holding my breath when he reached his high notes and that does distract me from the film. As for the female lead Emmy Rossum, she was an understandable choice.  As much as I like Sarah Brightman's voice, the part is for a much younger actress, especially when one's face is magnified so many times on the screen. I read in an interview that Emmy said she was too big for the small screen ( TV ) . She did look good on the big screen and she can sing too. Both Miranda Richardson as Madame Giry and Minnie Driver as Carlotta were perfectly cast. ( I am only disappointed that they gave Minnie the chance to sing the new added song at the Oscars. But that's show business for you ).   At the opening of the film, when the stagelights came up and the first few bars are played, I hadn't felt so excited in a long time. Joel Schumacher did a fantastic job in directing this film . It is beautifully made and my only complaint is Phantom's face (  his scars ) is not very consistence.   I hope this film will not discourage film makers from investing in more musical films such as Sunset Boulevard. But this time please use one of the star from the musical. In this case, Glen Close, is the perfect `Norma'. She was acclaimed for the role, and while a little young perhaps, she is bankable and she has the voice.  I will be watching THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA, the film, again and again. And I hope when you come to London you will go and see this forever number 1 West End musical. For more details go to www.londonupdate.co.uk     