 I have a confession to make. When I first saw ROBIN HOOD: PRINCE OF THIEVES back in '91, I missed the point too. Let's face it, if there is one reason why so many of us didn't like it when we first saw it it's because we didn't understand what the folks at Warner Bros. were trying to do when they made it. PRINCE OF THIEVES was never intended to be a strictly-by-the-numbers version of the Robin Hood legends. The producers' purpose for making that film was to present a modern retelling of the famous tale for today's audiences, period. In that respect it is no different than all the other swashbucklers that have since followed (THE MASK OF ZORRO, THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO, THE MAN IN THE IRON MASK, etc.), except that this particular film is probably the best.   That same year, as you know, there was another Robin Hood movie in the works that was intended to rival PRINCE OF THIEVES at the box office but wound up on TV instead. On closer observation it is obvious why it suffered that fate. It's very clear from the start that the rocket scientists at 20th Century Fox who made that dud were more concerned with beating Kevin Costner to the theaters rather than making a good film. The plot is too simple and uninvolving for modern audiences. No sign of originality whatsoever. The "action" is presented in a tame and somewhat comical manner that is more appropriate for a made-for-TV family film. Even the 1938 Errol Flynn version is more exciting and suspensful!  The choice of casting Patrick Bergin for the leading role simply because he sported a mustache kinda tells you how disconnected the makers of this film were with movie audiences. Did they really think the character actor best remembered for his brief role as the psycho husband in SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY would stand a chance against Costner, fresh from DANCES WITH WOLVES, and who at the time was one of the most popular movie stars on the planet??  The look of the film is no more colorful than the craggy actor they picked to play their hero. The tale is set against a backdrop of dark, gloomy castles and a grey, cloudy countryside that only comes alive with color in the final scene when good has triumphed over tyranny. (Kind of a neat idea, by the way, but I'm sure it probably looked better on the script than it did on film.)  Okay, I won't exaggerate either. This ain't the worst flick ever made. That honor goes to COBRA. In fact it actually does have its moments, if only just a few. But your kids might enjoy it a hellova lot more than you. Unless, that is, you like live-action movie versions of Saturday morning cartoons. Peace, bro.     