 I hate to be a party pooper, but I'd like to point out something to everyone here who thinks this movie is an accurate depiction of the last twelve hours of Christ: it's not. How can it be when it's not even based on Scripture? Don't you folks read your Bible? It's based on a work titled 'THE DOLOROUS PASSION OF OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST' by a late 18th century-early 19th century Westphalian mystic nun named Anne Catherine Emmerich, whose supposed "visions" of the crucifixion were the inspiration for the book. Even Mel Gibson has admitted this publicly. In fact, almost all of what is shown in the film comes directly from Emmerich's work. Below is an incredibly tiny sample of what I'm talking about. Scenes adapted from the book include:  Satan tormenting Jesus in the garden of Gethsemane.  Mary waking up and sensing Jesus' arrest.  Peter running to Mary and calling her "Mother" after denying Jesus.  Mary pressing her face against the empty Roman courtyard floor and sensing Jesus' presence in the cell directly below her.  The mythical St. Veronica wiping Jesus' face with a piece of cloth on His way to Golgotha.  A Roman soldier being showered by Jesus's blood after piercing His side.  Etc., etc.   I could go on and on and on and on, but I'd like to think I've made my point. And I'm not finished yet. Here's another shocker for all you irresponsible Protestant folks who dared to take your little children to see this R-rated gore-fest before seeing if it really qualifies as wholesome family entertainment: this film is also based on the Roman Catholic custom called "The Stations of the Cross", a sacred ritual where followers walk in the footsteps of our Lord while meditating on the so-called 14 "stations", or events (five of which are not even in the Bible), during the last twelve hours before His crucifixion. It is practiced during Lent, which begins on Ash Wednesday, the same day that the movie premiered.  It amazes me how so many Protestant Christians over-looked the role Mary played in this movie. When she begs, "Flesh of my flesh, heart of my heart, my son, let me die with you", Gibson is clearly putting her as co-redeemer--something which not only is completely inaccurate, but also completely blasphemous. Perhaps folks like Billy Graham, who gave this movie "thumbs up", might want to re-read 1 Timothy 2:5 in which the apostle Paul clearly states: "For there is one God, and ONE MEDIATOR between God and men, the man Christ Jesus." This alone would have been enough for the apostles, early martyrs, church reformers and the pilgrim fathers of this country to condemn Gibson's vision, and rightfully so! I just wonder how non-Catholics who use this film as an evangelical tool go about explaining to unbelievers exactly what is scriptural in the movie and what is not. Do they say something like, "Uh, don't pay attention to this part, cuz we Presbyterians don't believe that Mary is really our Mother. But the next scene that's coming up seems pretty accurate, though"? Gibson himself seems to be more surprised at the non-Catholic response to his movie than I am. To quote the man, "I've been actually amazed at the way I would say the evangelical audience has--hands down--responded to this film more than any other Christian group." And why is that? Because, he confesses, his film "is so Marian." (CHRISTIANITY TODAY, March, 2004)   Before I leave I'd like to point out that though I am definitely no Catholic, this review is not meant as an attack on the Roman Catholic church or its followers. Rather, it's more of a rebuke to all the Protestant leaders, pastors and church-goers who have praised this film for its "faithfulness" to the Bible. Hmmmm. It makes me wonder what Bible they're reading.               