 ...this film is definitely NOT anti-American propaganda, as some viewers here have previously stated. Nowadays most open-minded people in this great nation of ours do not have a problem admitting the wrongs inflicted on peoples living here who at one time or another were deemed "different" or even "inferior" (i.e. Native Americans, African Americans, immigrants regardless of race, etc.). The problem is a lot of these same folks still find it painful to acknowledge that--contrary to what we would all like to think--the Yanks were not always the "good guys." That said, how, then, can we chastise other nations (Japan, for example) for supposedly re-writing history to their advantage when we ourselves are doing the same thing? No other nation on the planet teaches their children that the war against Mexico was provoked by "land disputes", as many American historians continue to claim. There weren't any. What was Mexico's was clearly Mexico's, period. I agree with those here who have pointed out the film's flaws. Yes, there ARE a few, the biggest one being: where did the Mexican bandidos learn to speak such good English?? But enough of that, as too many critics and angry movie-goers have already had a field day with this wonderful movie. Instead I'd like to point out the film's sad but accurate depiction of American mentality at the time, and that is the fact that many "decent, God-fearing" Anglo-Americans of the 19th and early 20th centuries were (I'm very sorry to say) bigotted, xenophobic warmongers. In that area of history the film hit the nail right on the head. Those who are offended by this shameful fact should instead try to stop seeing things as they want to see them and attempt to view this film as a lesson to be learned of the ugly realities of ignorance, bigotry and blind patriotism. And for that historical fact alone, so well depicted here, I would recommend ONE MAN'S HERO to anyone with an open-minded interest in U.S. history as it really happened. Peace, bro.     