 I can understand why movie critics would want us to think that the 1935 Gable/Laughton version of this story is still the definitive one. After all it's their job to try to sound like they know what they're talking about. And I can surely respect anyone else's opinion if they feel the same way. To quote a line from Brando as Fletcher Christian, "It takes all sorts to make a world." But what I cannot take seriously is when critics and even viewers here go so far as to call the 1962 wide-screen Technicolor adventure awful or even laughable. I have seen all three major films inspired by the Bounty incident (there was an earlier pre-'CAPTAIN BLOOD' Errol Flynn version made in 1933 titled 'IN THE WAKE OF THE BOUNTY' which never saw release here in the U.S.) and so far no one's been able to convince me that the overrated, outdated b&w dream factory creation from 1935 is the best of the bunch. I do believe, though, that some film classics ('GONE WITH THE WIND', for example) cannot and SHOULD NOT be remade. Unfortunately for die-hard fans, 1935's 'MUTINY ON THE BOUNTY' is not one of them, and the 1962 version is proof of that. I am not trying to imply in any way that the Gable classic is bad. It did, in all honesty, keep me quite entertained when I saw it, and I may even recommend it to anyone who can't find anything better to watch. But let's get down to business and compare the two versions and see why the Brando film is superior.     First of all, for those who say that Brando's English accent is bad, I have but one question to ask: where the hell was GABLE'S accent?? I think Kevin Costner deserves an apology. And so does Brando. His Fletcher Christian was, at least before the mutiny, a foppish and aristocratic snob, no doubt. But a cheesy performance this was not. How else is a foppish, aristocratic snob supposed to act like? I admit that I'm not sure if that's how the character was originally written for the script or if this was something that Brando came up with during filming. I also confess that I'm no expert when it comes to British accents. But in any case I thought he was completely convincing and definitely more English-like than Gable's all-American interpretation of the same role. But the true realism of Brando's character goes far beyond his attempt at an accent. After the mutiny, the troubling thought of never being able to return to England without the possibility of facing execution causes his Fletcher Christian to regret taking command of the ship, and for a while he shuts himself off from the rest of the crew, trying his best to convince himself that he did the proper and civilized thing. Gable's Fletcher, on the other hand, seems pretty content with his new life as an outlaw.      Second, Trevor Howard's Bligh is also better developed than Charles Laughton's more famous (and over-the-top) version of Bligh. Laughton's Bligh is a monster simply for the sake of being a monster. There is never any kind of explanation for his cruel actions, and it's quite possible that no real crew would have put up with his tyranny as it did in the 1935 film. Howard's Bligh, on the other hand, is a man determined to do ANYTHING he can to accomplish his goal, and that is simply to impress the admiralty who entrusted him with the mission of bringing breadfruit from Tahiti to England. Perhaps he also felt just a little beneath Fletcher Christian?      Third, well I'll make it short 'cause there are actually a few more reasons than just one more. The attempt to round Cape Horn is shot so spectacularly that, at least in my opinion, it would not be equaled until well over forty years later in 'MASTER AND COMMANDER'. The uses of widescreen and Technicolor are also a plus, especially in the above mentioned scene, but also in the scenes depicting Tahitian life as it might have been back then. (I don't know how much of what is shown is accurate and how much is not, but one thing is for sure: Tahiti as seen in the 1935 version is so fake and Hollywoodized it's hard to tell which scenes were shot in a studio and which ones were shot in actual location.) And last but not least, Bronislau Kaper's magnificent score.     Did I forget anything else? Maybe so, but I think I've made my point. If you've seen it before and didn't like it the first time, try checking it out again. Who knows, you might think differently this time. Thanx for reading my review. Peace, bro.     