 A true rarity in the action-adventure genre, this film lingers in the viewer's mind long after it's over. Haunting. Satisfying. At times even moving. I am always amazed with each viewing at how incredibly modern this movie appears even to this day, almost forty years after its theatrical release. What perhaps strikes me the most about this cinematic masterpiece are the realistic characterizations shown throughout the entire film of the native warriors who pursue Cornel Wilde's great white hunter, known simply as "Man". The intelligent story by Clint Johnston and Don Peters is surprisingly devoid of all the racial stereotypes seen so many times in earlier safari adventures. Rather than depicting the natives as bloodthirsty savages merely bent on killing white people for sport, the two writers (as well as director-star Wilde) wisely chose, instead, to present them to audiences as a proud people with a genuine conviction that their violent brand of justice against the intruders who violated their customs was proper punishment. Another plus that deserves mention is the use of African drums for the soundtrack, which not only blends perfectly well with the story's suspenseful atmosphere and exotic locations, but also enhances the realism and makes it far less dated than it would've seemed today had a traditional symphonic score been originally provided. THE NAKED PREY. You really have to see this one if you haven't yet. It is without a doubt one of the greatest films of its kind ever made, and sadly one of the most underrated as well. Nonetheless I am proud to say that it has always been one of my all-time favorites, and I highly recommend it to anyone wanting to add something a little different to their video library, especially those who may have appreciated that other great survival adventure, JEREMIAH JOHNSON. By the way, before I forget-- the "little boy" in the film mentioned by some viewers here is actually billed during the opening credits as 'Bella Randles as The Little Girl'. Peace, everyone.     