 This is not the best Ann Rule book I've ever read (that honor would be split between "The Stranger Beside Me" and "Small Sacrifices"), but it has definite improvements over some of her others that I've read, as well as some problems. She presents us with the story of Liysa Northon and it is a good story, but there are several problems.  1. No first person interviews of Liysa or her immediate family, which add a lot of credibility and information that you can't get otherwise.  Who knows why Liysa killer her husband or how she killed him?  Ms. Rule is forced into some educated conjecture, which leaves a lot lacking in terms of motive and life story facts.  Was Liysa really abused as a child?  What was she like with prior boyfriends?  We just don't know, because of the lack of interviews. 2. I was disappointed and surprised by how callously she treated Liysa's claims of abuse.  She acted as if Liysa's friends and relatives were just reactionary and overly trusting upon hearing Liysa's tales of abuse, when I could definitely see myself reacting the same way.  If someone you loved told you that they were being beaten, I doubt that you'd calmly make a list of times and dates of "alleged" injuries or debate with them over whether these things actually occurred.  Of course you'd stand by them and believe what they'd told you.   3. Since all of this happened so recently and there are still such strong emotions surrounding this case (as evidenced by amazon postings, if nothing else), it seemed to me that Ms. Rule was loathe to offend anyone by putting Chris Northon (the deceased) in a very good light, or putting Liysa in a very bad light.  It's great that she loved her kids so much and that she was a good writer and photographer, but she killed her husband with her son present.  And wrote a letter to him justifying herself.  And, as another reviewer has mentioned, we see no evidence of her writing, so we can't judge for ourselves if Liysa is talented or merely mediocre and slightly delusional. It is a good story, though and I liked that the court segment (generally about a third of her books, overly long to me) was cut short this time, at least in part because of Liysa's plea bargain.  Her descriptions of Hawaii and Oregon are lovely, and she gives a very accurate analysis of the problems with Liysa's story.  As usual, prosecutors and police are glorified, a stance that I have always thought impressive, and with these people, you really feel Ms. Rule's connection.  These are obviously the people that she finds enigmatic and fascinating and I think she glories in saying only the best about them.   This is a worthwhile book, but read some of her others before you rush to judgment about her.     