 My rating reflects the ambivalence I feel about this book.  I read it after I had seen the movie (and I can say with utter conviction that the movie is much better: you get the main ideas without the horrific filler) and I was shocked by how raw and visceral an experience it was.  If I was judging this book solely on the quality of the writing, I would give it 4 1/2 stars, but the needless brutality of it makes enjoying that writing nearly impossible.  The first third of the book, a study of Patrick Bateman, a rich 80s yuppie, and his life, fooled me into thinking that I could handle this book.  And this part was, indeed, an excellent study of the materialism and selfishness that defined the 80s.  The pop culture soliloqueys (incorporated well into the movie) are particularly well-done.  They give an excellent look into Bateman's psyche (where Whitney Houston eclipses Chopin) and are entertaining while doing so.   However, after that first third, the book dives headlong into Bateman's possibly imaginary murder sprees.  And, indeed, that's part of the game. . .is this real?  Or is Bateman simply imagining and putting into words the murderous excesses that we all have, without actually perpetrating them?  The slayings that seem graphic but manageable midway through the book quickly become so horribly disturbing (one memorable scene that still makes me shiver is one where he nails his ex-girlfriend to a cross and violates her) that I could see no point in the excessive violence and gore.  I had to stop reading before the end.  When I asked a friend who had finished it if it was worth it to keep going, he said that it wasn't and that he kept looking for something at the end to redeem the book and the character and never found it. See the movie.  It was written with the consent of Bret Easton Ellis, so it is actually very true to his vision.  You will get all the identity, excess, and materialism themes from the book, but without the excessive and ultimately needless gore.     