 When I walked out of the theatre after seeing this, I was blown away.  Not just by the sex and the violence, but also by the great writing, acting, and overall atmosphere of the movie.  I thought it was astonishingly raw and very good.  My companion felt the complete opposite.  This is typical of the reviews of my friends: some loved it, some hated it.  No one was in between. What I'm trying to get across with my anecdote is that this movie, brilliant though it is, is just not for everyone.  The sex and the violence are so raw that I still find them disturbing.  However, they are nowhere near the book in terms of those (see my review of the book, coming shortly).  This movie manages to capture the important ideas and themes of the book, without the gratuitous violence.   It's still a violent movie, though.  But it has so many redeeming qualities, so don't judge it on that alone. Some standout features: 1. The exploration of identity.   This comes through an amazingly tense scene in which Patrick Bateman, the lead, exchanges business cards with friends/rivals.  This was such a powerful scene that I find myself holding my breath whenever I watch it.  There's also a lot about mistaken identity.  I believe this is to show the utter lack of identity one had in the vile, excessive glamour of the rich in the 80s.  Everyone was interchangable. 2. Not knowing whether the killings are real or a part of Bateman's sick fantasies.   I'm inclined to go with the latter, but there are some great, skillfully ambiguous scenes that allow you to make an argument either way. 3. The music/pop culture soliloqueys These are in the book as well, and they're fantastic.  Bateman has some interesting music tastes.  He treats the lightest pop acts with the same weight as another would treat classical composers.  These pieces are hilarious.  Even if you hate the rest of the movie, you'll love these. This is just a great movie.  Definitely watch it, just not with a weak stomach.  And know that you will either love it or hate it.     