 I was very disappointed by this book.  I felt that it had more than enough to make it quite good, but it never got there.  And more than never getting there, there were some elementary problems with it that the editor should have picked out on the first reading. The book starts with the heroine, Evie, making a list with her friends of behaviors that they want to teach men to exhibit.  Chapter One finds us with Evie a year later, with one friend married (though that is never said outright) and Evie herself generally floundering.  She decides to start volunteering at an orphanage, where she gets involved with Saint, the hero.  She has. . .relations with him (something that I believe would have been basically unheard of back then, but what have you) and they fall in love.  Problem is, her politically-minded brother is trying to get her married to someone that would be advantageous for his career (something that was done quite often).  Saint saves her in the end, of course, by offering her brother the political position he pined for and then marrying Evie.   My problems: 1. The book starts with Evie and her friends making this list, but that plot is basically forgotten immediately after that chapter ends.  I actually really liked that plot and thought it was a great comic device, so I was puzzled as to why she dropped it.  The only reason I came up with is that she started out writing a very different book than what she finished with, but as I said before, her editor should have noted that and fixed it.  The book is much more of a drama than that first chapter would indicated.   2. You would also think that her friends would be an important part of Evie's life, but they are also rarely mentioned.  When they are, their names are often confused (literally-they are first called by one name, then another and it is supposed to be the same person--this happens several times in the book and with as many characters as this book has, it can be confusing). 3. As noted above, there are a lot of characters.  Evie's brother wants her to make political connections, so many characters are introduced solely for that purpose, but don't have any real bearing on Evie's own love story. 4. I found the story slow and hard to get into.  I literally forced myself to keep reading it. 5. Despite some promisingly feminist inner monologues and a few actually actions, Evie doesn't really get up her gumption the way she should and although stating that she will think of a way to get out of this political marriage, shows no evidence of that and just waits for Saint to help her. There are things to like about this book.  I like the bildungsroman aspect of Evie, the watching her grow into a woman who attempts to make her own decisions in a world that most assuredly would not allow her to.  I liked Saint, a true bad boy that goes good without losing that predatory nature that makes him interesting and fun to read about.  I really liked the comic aspect of the early plot, although that was discarded for a more dramatic one. I have another book of hers at home that I'm going to try, but based on this one, I certainly won't be buying any of her books again.  This book shows that though Ms. Enoch has good ideas, she does not have the ability to develop them correctly or coherently.  A bestselling author (with, presumably, a decent editor) cannot make these kinds of elementary mistakes.     