 After having two close family members diagnosed with cancer I became very concerned about the nutritional and environmental links to the disease.  When someone you love has kidney cancer and the doctors tell you that they don't know why it happened you have a tendency to panic.  I set out to learn everything that I could about cancer and possible causes and/or techniques for prevention.  Being a hospital administrator with just under two decades I have tended to look at complementary medicine with a jaundiced eye.  In my case traditional allopathic medicine didn't seem to have the answer, so I decided to look into all the available alternatives.  The book advocates a number of "natural supplements" that I have not introduced into our family.   As someone that tries not to take medications due to their toxicity I choose to forgo these products.  My particular medication phobia comes from having a good friend that is a pharmacist.  If you don't have this particular phobia there is a lot of information about supplementation contained in the book.   The book does contain dietary suggestions that make a lot of sense.  The general dietary guidelines are as follows:  (increase your consumption of fish, whole grains, legumes, cabbage, vegetables, nuts, and fruits and; decrease your consumption of meats, dairy, total fat, saturated fats, refined sugar, total calories and alcohol.)  It is difficult to argue with this advice. It just makes good sense for all of us.  There is an entire chapter in the book dedicated to making your body a hostile environment for the development of cancer.  The principles that they outline would be healthy additions to most American's lifestyle.   The gist is that if your body is properly nourished and hydrated your own immune system will be able to fight off the DNA mutations as they occur.  There is another chapter dedicated to lifestyle and dietary changes to prevent particular types of cancer.  This would be helpful if a specific cancer seems to run in your family.  In summation, I thought the book was well organized and researched.  The book contains 33 pages of endnotes should you choose to do any additional research on your own.  If you know anyone with cancer I would recommend this book.  At the very least the book will give the patient a sense of empowerment and optimism about their future.     