 To put my review in perspective for you I have been focused on food and cooking for the last 25 years.  I have been reading anything about nutrition and health for the last 10 years.  Additionally, I was a hospital administrator for just under 2 decades.  So I know the effect that unhealthy lifestyle decisions can make on the human body.  If you are a new student of health or nutrition this is an excellent place to begin your research.  I enjoyed the predecessor to this book "The Real Age Makeover".  I appreciated the doctor's unique approach to healthy food and lifestyle and the way that he tried to quantify specific changes on your health by using age.  This book is a great tie in to the original book.  The author does cover the basic information from "The Real Age Makeover" in this book.  If your don't want to read about the science of how the specific changes work, you can simply purchase this book "Cooking the Real Age Way" and skip the prior book.  The author outlines the 27 practices for food choices that can bring about at Real Age reduction of 14 years.  Many of these practices are common sense, like eat food that isn't processed.  But some of the practices are less obvious, like eat 10 tablespoons of tomato sauce every week.  This book is geared to those that are kitchen beginners.  The doctors explain many cooking techniques that experienced cooks think are second nature.  But for those that are accustomed to relying on carry out these sections are critical to their success.  The doctors also discuss how to effectively use the freezer so that ingredients are readily available for quick weeknight meals.  The authors do a nice job of detailing what should be included in a healthy pantry.  If you are new to healthy cooking a healthy pantry is key to being able to make fast healthy meals for your family.  Without healthy quick options at the ready it is so much easier to call for pizza or Chinese, and neither of these delivery options are particularly healthy.  The doctors also created tables of vegetables by season and detail what to look for in the specific fresh vegetable, how to use them, and why they are good for your health.  The recipe section of the book begins on page 155.  The doctors also provide an exhaustive nutritional analysis.  Every possible item is detailed included milligrams of specific vitamins and minerals. The recipes themselves are good, but not too exotic for the standard American palate.  The directions are clearly written.  The ingredients are available in your standard mega mart (Wegman's or Whole Foods) anywhere in the US.  If you need a go-to cookbook that is healthy this is a good choice.  There are many other options available that you might also consider, my personal favorites are "The Professional Chef's Techniques of Healthy Cooking" by the Culinary Institute of America, and "Conscious Cuisine" by Cary Neff.  If you are new to cooking, and more specifically healthy cooking this is great book to get you started.  If you have been cooking for a while, but want to cook more healthy meals for your family you should consider the two books I referenced in the last paragraph.     