 I admit it, I bought this because I saw it recommended on America's Test Kitchen.  My husbands reaction, "another timer, but you already have 4 why do you need another one."  "The portability, it will be very useful to hang around my neck."  Little did I know how right I was about the usefulness of a timer I could wear around my neck.  I use this timer for so many things.  Uses I have found for the timer so far: 1.	I wear it when I garden to tell me that it is time to come inside or apply more sunscreen. 2.	I put it around my neck when I go for a walk.  I am a numbers geek and like to chart my progress (time to cover a specific distance) so that I can see improvement.  It is also nice to have a clock with you that isn't on your sweaty wrist. 3.	I use it when I throw a load of laundry in the washer and/or dryer so that it doesn't sit too long and wrinkle.  Having the timer around my neck makes certain that I don't get away from the timer and miss hearing "the beep". 4.	I use the timer when I am proofing bread dough (again great not to miss the beep). 5.	I play games with myself to increase my productivity.  I give myself a particular block of time to work on a project I have been avoiding.  I use the timer to tell me that time is up and I can stop if I want.  It is amazing how much easier it is to start a project you hate when you know that you can stop when the timer goes off if you want to.  It makes it easier for me to get those dreaded tasks accomplished more quickly. 6.	If you are self employed or a consultant that bills by time this item is great.  You can easily track how much time you spend on each task for each client.  It is very efficient for tracking your billable time.  I love the count up timer for this function. 7.      Do you know someone that talks too much on the phone?  Have you lost hours without realizing it.  Set a timer when the chatty person calls for the block of time you can spare.  When the beep sounds, you have to go.  It works wonderfully.  The beep is loud enough for the other person to hear, and you have an excuse to terminate the conversation.  PROs of this product: 1.	The timer was very intuitive to use, I didn't need to refer to the directions. 2.	I like the added clock feature. 3.	The count up clock feature is nice when steeping tea. 4.	I like that the timer doesn't zero out after reaching its time.  Many of the things that take place with me happen in thirty-minute increments.  Since the timer does not reset to zero I don't have to plug in the time with each new event. 5.	The timer is small, so you don't have a big clunky thing hanging around your neck.  It tucks easily into your shirt so that it doesn't get into the way when doing other things. 6.	The neck strap is wonderful.  I love being able to have the timer with me whenever I am doing things and not worry about pressing a button as could occur if the timer was in my pocket.  If you find strap too short, it would be easy to replace the existing one with a longer piece of cord.  CONS of this product: 1.	You do feel a little geeky with a timer around your neck. 2.	The buttons are a little small, but that would only be a problem for big fingers.    Overall, I love this silly little gadget.  It has improved my efficiency in more ways than I expected.  And I thought it was just for food preparation.  Boy was I mistaken.  If you are an efficiency geek, give this item a try.  It is a very useful product.        