 This product is beyond wonderful.  It makes the best cup of coffee that I have had since returning from Italy.  We have had this machine since Feb 2005.  We have not had a single problem with the machine and it is used daily for between 6 to 10 cups.  It is very easy to descale and to empty the internal dump box.  When the machine is started from stand by, you have a hot cup of coffee in less than 90 seconds.  My favorite aspect of this machine is that it only requires two buttons to get a cup of coffee.  If you aren't a morning person you will love this feature.    Each cup of coffee has crema and is incredibly smooth.  The coffee this machine makes is vastly superior to Starbucks and appears in your own home.  I have discovered that it does make a big difference what type of coffee you put into the machine.  I think it is a little like a computer, garbage in garbage out.  I use Lavazza Gold, or an organic shade grown coffee for everyday.  I also like the by pass function of the machine that allows you to make multiple types of coffee with the same machine.  Our machine is normally loaded with a dark espresso roast coffee.  The by pass feature allows you to make decaf or mild roast from the same machine without emptying the bean hopper and refilling.  The hot water function allows you to make tea from this machine as well.  It is so easy and fast to make hot water that we no longer use our tea kettle for tea.    This machine was initially a splurge item.  However, it has quickly become a necessity.  If anything ever happens to this machine I will either have it repaired or replaced.  I can not imagine not having this machine in my home to make my coffee every day.    I would highly recommend this product to anyone that enjoys a good cup of coffee.  You will not be disappointed.  All of our friends have raved about the coffee at our house since we purchased this product.  UPDATE: APRIL 9, 2006   We still love our machine and have experienced no problems since our purchase.  I have discovered that you can even make a nice vanilla soy milk cappuccino if you wish.  Regarding the reviewer that said the coffee was tepid, I took digital readings of the coffee to confirm the temperature.  The coffee dripped into a room temperature coffee mug (70 degrees) was 153 degrees when it finished brewing.  After I frothed the milk and added it to the coffee the overall beverage temperature was 176 degrees.  I find this temperature hot enough to drink, but cool enough to enjoy without burning my mouth.  If you preheat your mug before adding the coffee, which I did not do, I am certain that would result in an even hotter cup of coffee.  (If anyone is interested in digital infrared thermometer check out the Bonjour brand, I love mine).  Additionally, if you are having difficulty locating the water filters or descaling product SAECO US has a website and you can order these online or by using their 800 number.  I received my online order in a few days.     