 A serious foodie that has been perfecting her cooking skills for the last 25 years in her home kitchen writes this review.  My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America.  I am also a cookbook collector, with more than 500 books in my cooking library.  With the many books in my cookbook collection I find that I am frequently disappointed in my recent purchases.  That was not the case with this purchase.  This book is one of those little gems that is full of tidbits of information that can make anyone a better cook.  In the introduction the author shares what he refers to as the general truths that any home cook can use to make himself or herself a better cook.  These are wonderful tips, and I will share them below: 1.	Marinating and/or brining meat and vegetables makes a big difference in the final quality of a dish. 2.	Using more than one method of cooking in the same dish.  Example searing a chicken breast on the stovetop and then finishing it in the oven. 3.	Swirl a little butter in the pan to finish a sauce just before plating. 4.	Reduce, reduce, and reduce your sauces. 5.	Finish your pasta in the sauce.  A tip every Italian knows by heart. 6.	Crank up the heat of the oven and on the stovetop. 7.	Weighing ingredients is much more precise than measuring when baking. 8.	Balancing flavors in critical.  The recipes in this book are amazing.  If you have ever eaten in San Francisco you know how marvelous the food is in that town.  This book takes the best of a real food town and puts it together in one book. I have enjoyed every recipe in this book that I have tried.  Every recipe includes a little tip in a separate box that the author wants to highlight.  These tips are really wonderful for anyone that wants to improve their cooking skills.  I wish that this book had been around 25 years ago when I began seriously honing my cooking skills.    Of all the recipes included in this book, I think that the one from Wolfgang Puck for his Smoked Salmon Pizza with Lemon Creme Fraiche, Red Onion and Caviar is hands down my favorite.  I would recommend this book to anyone that is a foodie.  I have not had any difficulty locating any of the ingredients that the recipes call for at my local mega marts (Wegman's and/or Whole Foods).     