 This is a very useful book if there is a problem in your life that you are trying to solve.  Much of this book is related to interactions and the resulting problems that come up when   dealing with other people.  But, isn't that where most of us run into trouble in our lives?  This book outlines very useful problem solving techniques that most of use could use a refresher course on when life gets tough, or we "get stuck".  I purchased this book because as a 40-something woman I know that I need to develop and stick to a structured exercise routine, yet I don't do it.  I have been avoiding this issue for years and finally decided that I needed to find out why I can't commit to an exercise routine.  Well, according to Dr. Browne I just need to do it.  And then it will become a habit and I will get the same end result, consistent exercise.  Can we all say duh?   Okay, now I know that was an easy answer, and I am an educated woman, so why didn't I think of that?  Sometimes it really is much easier to solve problems when they are someone else's, and not your own.    Dr. Browne subdivides her book as follows:  Step 1:  Time Shifting (Figure out where you are) Step 2:  Patterns (Remember where you have been) Step 3:  Self-Awareness (See yourself) Step 4:  Perspective  (See your world) Step 5:  Building Blocks (Find and use the right materials) Step 6:  Goals (Know what you want) Step 7:  A Dozen Tools (that allow you to see the big picture clearly) Step 8:  Interactions (Know that the only behavior you can control is your own)  In the preface to the book Dr. Brown details the 13 self-defeating steps that many people do to stay stuck in their life.  These behaviors will be very enlightening to some.  My personal favorite two were, "find someone to blame" and "host frequent pity parties for yourself".  We all know people like this; they are ones that we all try to avoid.  Dr. Browne did a wonder job of succinctly describing the tools that she uses to problem solve.  The techniques that she describes are what I would call tried and true methods for solving problems.  However, she explains these techniques in very simple terms that even a teenager could understand.  In fact, I think this book would make a nice gift for a child in college or just out of college and on there own. There is nice discussion about identifying patterns in your life and working to correct those that aren't working well for you any longer.  The passage on letting go of grudges was also particularly well written.  If you are experiencing a problem that you haven't been able to solve on your own, this book might just have the techniques to help you get to the root of the problem and get on with your life.  The book is written in a conversational tone and is a very easy and pleasant read.     