 I am ashamed to admit that I bought this book to lose weight (and I have), which I now consider very shortsighted.  I did not expect to feel as fabulous as I do.  In just under 4 weeks I have not had a headache (I was a daily sufferer or sinusitis), my skin is radiant, I have more energy than I can remember ever having, and I sleep better.   Not only do I feel amazing, but I have lost 10 pounds in almost 4 weeks and I have not been hungry once during this program.  This diet is probably not for everyone. It is very restrictive (vegan and low fat), but the impact on my health and my husband's health is nothing short of miraculous. The book outlines staying on the plan for 6 weeks and then moderating the diet to include 10% of the items that were previously eliminated.  I feel so good on this diet that I might not add the 10% of "bad food" back to my diet.  My friends are amazed by this notion since I would have considered myself a definite "foodie" until I discovered how great I could feel at 43 years old.  My only criticism of the book is that it does not include enough recipes.  I have been buying vegan cookbooks to supplement the recipes that were included in the book.  If you suffer from headaches, hay fever, or have joint pain I would highly recommend giving this a try.  I cannot stress strongly enough the impact this plan has had on my health, or the health of my husband.  UPDATE April 10, 2006: My husband got his blood tests back today and the results were beyond what we could have expected.  The blood was drawn 24 days after beginning Dr. Fuhrman's program.  His total cholesterol went from 177 to 113.  His bad cholesterol (LDL) dropped from 100 to 53.  There were no other changes to my husband's lifestyle beyond the 24 days on Dr. Fuhrman's program.  If a 51 year old nonexercising male can get these results image what this book can do for you.  I now recommend this program even more than I had previously.  If you need to improve your health please give this program a try.  It appears to be working miracles at our home.  UPDATE:  May 3, 2006 My husband and I are both down approximately 15 pounds and still feeling fabulous.  We are starting to have fish once every two or three weeks now.  This does not seem to be having any adverse effect on our health.  I still have not suffered from my normal seasonal allergies.  This is a first in the last 20 years for me. We have both learned to enjoy vanilla soy decaf cappuccino's (didn't think that would happen). I still highly recommend this plan.  Please consider it, I don't think that you will be disappointed in the impact it has on your overall well being.     