 If you want to get more vegetables into your family this is great magazine.  I subscribed to this magazine for more than a decade, long before I read "Eat to Live" and decided to give Vegan Life a try.  Even if you eat meat, this is a great magazine to have in your home.  If you think vegetarian food is boring, try this magazine.  I look forward to the magazine each month and try most of the recipes.  The magazine always gives complete nutritional information on all of their recipes (which I love).  So that you get an idea of what is included in the magazine I will summarize the table of contents from the April 2006 issue below:  FEATURES:  Lasagna done light:  In Italy, lasagna is all about flavor, not how high the layers are stacked, as these slimmed down recipes make deliciously clear.  Spoiled Rotten:  Americans throw out 25 percent of the produce they buy because it has gone bad.  How to stop the waste?  We tested six ways to keep the food fresh longer.  Nuke It:  Whether you're a starving student cramming for finals or an office worker tired of fast food, if you've got a microwave, we've got some recipes for you!  1 food, 5 ways:  Buttermilk:  Before you say "eww," think of buttermilk biscuits, ranch dressing, fluffy pancakes . . . yum.  Low-fat and high-health, buttermilks a boon in the kitchen.  Every month the Magazine includes a Quick section.   They typically include 5 ingredient meals, and 30-minute meals.   There is always an Ask the Nutritionist and/or Ask the Naturopath section as well.  This month they are addressing fighting allergies naturally, and whether good fats are really good for you. There is also a nice article about Healing Herbs and Japanese cooking for beginners.  The articles discussed above are typical of a monthly issue of Vegetarian Times.  Whether you are a vegetarian, a vegan, or an omnivore, this magazine contains a lot of valuable information for anyone that wants to know more about health and wants to get more vegetables into their diet.    The magazine posts nutritional stats for all of its recipes.  It also indicates whether a recipe is vegan or just vegetarian.  More of the recipes are vegetarian than vegan.  But, if you have a "blended family" (omnivores, vegetarians and vegans) this magazine will satisfy all the members of the family.  My husband, the long devoted meat eater, has finally embraced a vegan lifestyle.  I believe that the recipes that I have learned from this magazine were a significant factor in my husband's embracing a lifestyle change.  I think that you will be pleasantly surprised at the flavor complexity of the recipes that the magazine develops.  I highly recommend this magazine.     