 I bought two of these when they first came out over a year ago.  My husband and I were very disappointed that it took 12 weeks (yes, I said 3 months) for them to be delivered.  These machines are not as quiet in my home as they are on TV unless they are running at the lowest setting. The problem is that on the lowest setting there is very little air movement coming from the machine.  On the higher settings there is too much noise pollution coming from the machine.  When we first received them and plugged them in I could smell something was different.  The problem was that it did nothing for my allergies.  I continued to suffer with daily sinusitis even with both machines running.  When I was a child a scratch test confirmed allergies to ragweed, pollen and dust.  I thought this machine would make a difference given my allergies to airborne contaminants.  I was absolutely wrong.   Cleaning these machines is also not as easy as it appears on television. There is a louvered fan in the machine that is not removable.  It is located in the rear of the unit and becomes covered in dust.  Within one week this louvered fan that runs the length of the unit was coated in dust.  I tried blowing the dust out with an air compressor, this did not work.  I tried vacuuming the dust out with the micro tool set on my vacuum cleaner.  Again, it did not work.  I had to resort to damp Q-tips and cleaning the louvers one by one.  After 45 minutes it was reasonably clean.  In my opinion this is very bad design.  It should not take that long to clean one machine each week.    Right when the warranty period was up one of the two machines stopped working.  All this machine does is snap, even though it is clean.  So much for a quality product.  I should have listened to Consumer Reports when they didn't like the Ionic Breeze from Sharper Image.  Given that this is similar technology I should have known better than to waste the money.  If you want to see the Consumer Reports review for the Ionic Breeze for yourself it is in the May 2005 issue pp. 22-25. I reference the Ionic Breeze because Consumer Reports did not rate the Oreck Air Purifier.   I was finally able to stop taking Sudafed on a daily basis when I put Dr. Fuhrman's plan "Eat to Live" into practice.  I have not suffered from sinusitis since embarking on this plan almost 8 weeks ago.  This is remarkable since the trees are blooming and I have been gardening 3 or 4 days each week for the last 4 weeks.  I assume the diet is working because it has boosted my immune system.  I did not expect my allergies to go away based on diet, but none the less it did work.  Save yourself some money and buy the book and the leave the Oreck machines in the warehouse.  I haven't had mine on in 7 weeks and I feel better than ever.  I have no problem spending money on a quality product.  However, in this case, I feel as though we were totally ripped off by Oreck for a product that is poorly designed, and does not function at any measurable level.     