 To put this review into perspective for you it is written by someone that has been cooking for 25 years, and concentrating on Italian cooking for the last 10 years.  My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" from the Culinary Institute of America.  I would definitely consider myself a foodie.  This book is part travel journal and part cookbook.  This book doesn't concentrate on one county or one type of cuisine.  The emphasis is Tuscan Farmhouse, pan-Asian cooking of Australia, Spanish flavors of Barcelona, and the Mediterranean coast of France all rolled up into one.  Tyler refers to this book as the "taste of the American Global palate".  I call it delicious.  Most of the recipes are quick to prepare but are very flavorful.  The first section of the book is devoted to what I would call kitchen essentials.  These are as follows: 1. Herb Mayonnaises and Aioli 2.	Fresh Chopped Herb Sauces 3.	Fresh Milled Spices 4.	Vinaigrettes 5.	Stocks  The remainder of the book is recipes that use the essentials above.  He divides this as follows (my interpretation is brackets): 1.	Devouring  (mostly appetizers) 2.	Noshing (buffet type fare) 3.	Consuming (soups, pastas, light meat dishes) 4.	Tasting  (heavy vegetable emphasis, summer fare) 5.	Savoring  (fall food) 6.	Licking the Plate Clean (dessert)  While the subdivision of the recipes is a little unorthodox, the recipes themselves are quite good.  Many of the recipes seem like something that I might have seen on "Food 911" or "Tyler's Ultimate".  Since I don't always watch that show I cannot tell you if all the recipes are from those show, but I suspect many of them are.  I have prepared approximately 50% of the recipes in this book and each one turned out beautifully.  His directions for pizza dough were very complete and easy to follow.  The recipe for fresh pasta was dead on, and again easy to follow.  And, my favorite, the Spaghetti Carbonara was authentic (no cream, yeah!) and the directions were perfect (but use the Pancetta, the offered bacon substitute is not authentic and the smoky flavor will be very noticeable in such a subtle dish).  From an Italian cooking perspective Tyler nailed it.  I am not as proficient in the other cuisines to speak to their authenticity.  But using the Italian recipes as a guide I would guess the others are equally authentic.  If you love to cook, and you don't stick to one type of cuisine, this is a good book to have in your library.  Most of the recipes (95%) have a beautiful full color, full-page photo on the page opposite the recipe.  The book has a sturdy spine and is printed on glossy paper.     