 To put my review in perspective for you I have been focused on food and cooking for the last 25 years and I own more than 500 cookbooks. I have been reading anything about nutrition and health for the last 10 years. Additionally, I was a hospital administrator for just under 2 decades. So I know too well the effect that unhealthy lifestyle decisions can make on the human body.  This is the most difficult and troublesome review that I have written thus far.  Like most of America I have enjoyed watching Paula on the Food Network.  Her personality on screen is so charming and warm.  I really wanted to like this book.  However, with my background in health care I just can't in good conscious recommend this book.  I feel bad about not recommending this book. However, I believe that food should nourish the body not poison it.  With that notion in mind, this book is very difficult for me to like.  The very first recipe is for "Beer in the Rear Chicken".  That recipe just isn't going to happen in my house.  There is no way I am placing a chicken on an aluminum can which is covered with dye, and then heating it up so the toxins go into the food that I will be feeding to my family.  Then, a few pages later Paula tells you to use Pillsbury Oven Baked Biscuits and to hide the can and take the credit.  Great, if I want to feed my family trans fatty acids and increase everyone's risk of high cholesterol, high blood pressure and atherosclerosis.    How about an Artichoke Rice Salad with Shrimp that calls for Rice-a-Roni?  I can not check the ingredients on the Rice-a-Roni because I don't have that in my house.  But I am certain it contains artifical ingredients and probably either partially hydrogenated or fractionated oils.  On the positive side, Paula does a nice job being creative (a la Sandra Lee) with store bought ingredients.  But if you don't know that is a strong focus of this book you might be disappointed with your purchase.  After all, if you wanted a cookbook by Sandra Lee, you would purchase one of those instead.  Many of the recipes sound appetizing from a taste point of view, but there is little to any nutritional reason to try most of them.  I have taken some of the concepts that Paula puts forth and used them in my own healthy versions of her recipes with great success.  I can honestly say that I did not make one recipe out of this book exactly as it was written.  I purchased this book because I find Paula's television show entertaining and see this purchase as payment for being entertained.  However, if you know how to cook and don't feel the need to pay for the entertainment, leave this one on the shelf.  I gave this book 3 stars only because Paula is an enjoyable television personality.  Strictly looking at this book from a recipe and nutrition point of view I would rate this book 1 star.     