 I am a little embarrassed to admit that I enjoy watching the train wreck that is "Starting Over".  I appreciate Rhonda Britten's no BS style of slapping people back into reality.  I decided to buy this book just to see if she writes the same way she appears on television.  Her writing is similar to the style of the show, but not the same.  The tone of the book is conversational.  It was a very easy read, I finished the book in about an hour.  I appreciate that she bared her soul in the book and told the readers all about her personal demons even showing a picture of herself in revealing exercise attire.  She has more guts than most marines I know.  I also appreciated that Rhonda recommended "Eat to Live" by Joel Fuhrman as a lifestyle plan for those that need guidance.  I think "Eat to Live" is one of the best lifestyle plans that I have seen.  The book is laid out as follows: Introduction 1.  Why do I feel so fat?  2.  What does my perfect body look like?  3.  What are my hidden beliefs about my body? 4.  How does my body hold me back? 5.  Who am I comparing myself to? 6.  Can I ever really love myself? 7.  How do I age gracefully? 8.  How can I take responsibility for my body? 9.  How do I take my first step? 10. What is the point of exercising? 11. Am I fated to be fat? 12. How can I open my life to nurturing a healthy lifestyle? 13. How can I get over my body and get on with my life? Suggested Reading List Gratitudes (Rhonda's)  What I didn't like was the organization of the book.  I felt as though it was not coherent. I also felt as though the chapters were redundant with the same themes showing up over and over.    If you watch "Starting Over" you will find that you have heard much of this before.  The book discusses some of the problems that Sommer (season 2 and 3) and Christie (season 3) went through struggling with body image.  There is a little bit of Andy Page (season 1) in the book as well.  For those that are expecting diets or exercises, they are not included in this book.  The only mention of specific diet guidance comes in the suggested reading list in the back of the book.  Exercise is discussed in connection with Rhonda's personal exercise goal.  Just like diet, no specific advice is given to the reader regarding exercise.  If you are looking for someone to tell you specifically how to lose weight, this is not the book for you.  If you want someone to tell you to develop a goal and then go to it, then you will like this book. It is motivational, but does not give the reader specific guidance as to how to gain control of their body.   Update:  May 18,2006 I just finished reading Rhonda's book "Change Your Life in 30 Days".  I think that book has much to offer on the topic of weight and our feelings about weight, and I think it is easier to absorb.  Also the exercises that the book forces you to go through might make the process easier to manage. If you are a fan of Rhonda Britten and are looking for a step by step guide to releasing your "issues" surrounding weight I would recommend that you buy her other book "Change Your Life in 30 days" before you purchase this one.  Her other book has the added benefit of applying to other areas of life, not just weight.      