 A serious foodie that has been perfecting her cooking skills for the last 25 years in her home kitchen writes this review. My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America and "Culinary Artistry". If you love to cook and entertain, this is a great item to have in your arsenal, I love mine.  After I read the book "Amuse Bouche" I knew that I needed one of these little gadgets to add to my collection.  When I received this I was pleasantly surprised to find that it had more applications than I knew about.  You can use this device to make an espuma, gourmet sauces or flavored cream in a flash.  An espuma is a foam prepared from a puree, coulis, cream, or juice.  If you are trying to cut back on the fat this tool can be a big help.  I like the Pineapple Espuma that is pineapple juice thickened with gelatin and a little powdered sugar.  It makes a nice light treat that I use as a bed for mango chunks.  Now fruit for dessert doesn't seem so much like deprivation.  You can also take a warm strained sauce and foam that.  The booklet that comes with the device has recipes for a Curry Sauce and for Hollandaise.  Any strained sauce would work.  To keep the sauce warm you place the whipper in a 165-degree bain-marie.  If you want a decadent treat to top your coffee try this one.  Heavy cream, a little powdered sugar and some caramel syrup.  We did this one night and everyone raved.  For really fluffy chocolate mousse put the prepared mousse in this and see what happens.  You get the fluffiest chocolate mousse you have ever put in your mouth.  If you are trying to reduce the additives and preservatives that your family consumes this makes a wonderful plain whipped cream.  My husband likes it when I add cocoa powder and make him chocolate whipped cream.  If you are one of those people that love a good kitchen gadget give this one a try.  I have really enjoyed playing with it.   Just by adding a little "gas" to my cooking suddenly everyone thinks that I am a culinary genius.       