 This review is written by a former hospital administrator of just under 2 decades.  I have been studying health and nutrition for more than decade.  I became very interested in alternative medicine when a family member was diagnosed with kidney cancer and the allopathic doctors (traditional MD's) could give no reason for the tumor.  Even though I read an average of one book a day, this book was a difficult read.  I purchased this book May 15, 2005 and was just able to finish it today.  This was the third time I tried to start reading this book.  The writing style is very dry and somewhat tedious.  The book is subdivided as follows:  Part 1:  Native Foods:  History, Anthropology, Research, Clinical Experience 1.  Dr. Weston Price and His Studies of Traditional Societies 2.  The Benefits of Raw Food 3.  People, Food and Health: From Ancient Ancestors to Contemporary Hunter-Gatherers 4.  Long Lived People of Vilcabamba, Hunza, and Georgian Russia 5.  Protective Characteristics of Native Nutrition   6.  Fish, Fat-Soluble Nutrients and Health   7.  A Review of Several Well-Known Diets 8.  Creating a Native Diet for Health and Longevity 9.  Recovery through Nutrition:  Dietary Considerations for Specific Conditions 10.	Relationships:  Individuals, Physicians and Health Goals  Part 2:  Native Versus Modern Foods:  A Guide to Natural Eating 11.  Fish and Shellfish 12.   The Production of Modern Meat, Fowl and Eggs 13.   Naturally Raised Meat, Fowl and Eggs 14.  Conventional Milk and Milk Products 15.  Certified Raw Milk, Butter and Raw-milk Cheeses 16.  Chemical versus Organic Farming 17.  Vegetables 18.  Whole-Grain Foods 19.  Fruits, Nuts and Seeds 20.  Other Foods, Seasonings and Beverages 21.	Vitamins, Minerals and Food Supplements  If you have read anything else about nutrition in the last 5 years there is little new in this book that is relevant.  The book concentrates mostly on the findings of the dentist Dr. Weston Price that studied indigenous cultures during the 1930's and the impact their diet had on their health.  The author also keys in on a Dr. Francis M. Pottenger that studied the impact of dietary modifications on domestic felines (again during the 1930's and 1940's) and then extrapolated those results to people.  There is one huge flaw in this work.  Domestic Felines are carnivores, and humans are omnivores (some scientists consider humans herbivores, which is yet more dissimilar).  If you don't believe me ask your veterinarian.  I have three domestic felines and just finished reading the veterinary manual "Small Animal Clinical Nutrition" and I know that the findings for felines should not be extrapolated to humans.  According to my veterinarian, felines must be fed a predominantly meat diet to be healthy.  The example he used for me was the diet should approximate what the animals would be eating in the wild, mostly mice and birds and very limited plant material.  Another disconcerting fact in this book is that the author does not seem to be adequately concerned about the toxins inherent in bottom dwelling sea creatures.  In his section on crabs and mussels there is no mention of the potential of toxins due to their habitat.  Given that I live near the Chesapeake Bay I can tell you that I won't eat those creatures.  Given the cancerous tumors identified in the catfish (also bottom dwellers) found in the tributaries to the bay I find this lack of concern disturbing to say the least.  Most of the recommendations that are in this book, you could guess.  Eat mostly raw organic vegetables, and organic meat, and meat products.  Did you expect to read that raw liver juice is great for your health?  I can be a vegan, but raw liver juice.  That is beyond even me.  If you can drink raw liver juice, good for you, I think.   In summation, if you haven't read anything about nutrition in the last 5 years this book will have some information for you provided you ignore the references to Dr. Pottenger.  However, if you are a health and nutrition junkie like me, pass on this one.  There is nothing new included in this book.     