 This review is written by a former hospital administrator of just under 2 decades. I have been studying health and nutrition for more than decade. I became very interested in alternative medicine when a family member was diagnosed with kidney cancer and the allopathic doctors (traditional MD's) could give no reason for the tumor.   The purpose of this book is to present a complete guide to preventative health maintenance.  With preventative health maintenance described as a timely and appropriate investment of energy in your well being that will save you trouble down the road.  He subdivides his book as follows:    PART ONE: PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE (The basic information about designing a healthy lifestyle) 1. What Should I Eat? 2. Answers to Common Questions About Diet and Health 3. What Will You Have to Drink? 4. Air and Breath 5. A Guide to Exercise for People Who Hate the Whole Idea of It 6. Relaxation, Rest, and Sleep 7. Habits 8. Connections  PART TWO: SPECIFIC PREVENTION:  OUTWITTING THE KILLERS (Specific advice about reducing your risks of getting the diseases that kill most people prematurely in our society) 9.  How Not to Get a Heart Attack 10. How Not to Get a Stroke 11. How Not to Get Cancer 12. How to Protect Your Immune System  PART THREE:  BASIC NATURAL TREATMENTS (the tools in the forms or natural treatments that we can use ourselves) 13. Simple Measures 14. Vitamins and Supplements 15. The Herbal Medicine Chest  PART FOUR:  A TREASURE OF HOME REMEDIES FOR COMMON AILMENTS (this section deals with common ailments that respond well to gentle, natural therapies and lifestyle modification) APPENDIX A:  Finding Practitioners APPENDIX B:  Finding Supplies APPENDIX C:  Sample Recipes   In part one of the book the doctor does a wonderful job of explaining what we should and more importantly should not eat.  The first chapter of the book is worth the price of the book alone.  The doctor outlines 9 principles for a healthy diet that he explains in great detail without losing those of us that are not trained physicians or nutritionists.  These principles are simplistic but very powerful.  If you are a follower of a low carbohydrate diet you will not agree with what you will read in this section.  The doctor also goes into great detail regarding his recommendations for physical activity.  He discusses all the common forms of exercise and the pros and cons of each form of exercise.  How much exercise do we need?  Thirty minutes of aerobic exercise at least 5 days a week.  Not much of a surprise, but after you read the section on exercise you will understand why you need that much aerobic exercise, and hopefully that will get all of us off the couch, or away from our computers with a little more frequently.  The doctor also discusses stretching and strength training and how much of these we need and why.  Part two of the book, on how to avoid specific diseases, is very well written, easy to understand, and easy to follow for those individuals that are highly motivated.  The suggestions will not be palatable to everyone.  But, if health is your primary motivation, there are wonderful ideas and suggestions contained in these chapters.   In Part three of the book the doctor has a brief chapter on simple measures that is very informative.  In this chapter the doctor discusses simple techniques that we can all use at home to improve the overall quality of our health.  I use the techniques in this chapter to feel better when I get a cold, or just don't feel like myself.  The techniques really are simple and easy to use, but have a power effect on my overall well being.   Part four of the book covers the resources that any of us would need to follow the practices brought forth in the other portions of the book.  In Summation, I feel that this book is very well written and easy to understand.  Once you have read this book I believe it will become your bible for how to maintain optimum health and treat common ailments.  I highly recommend this book to anyone that has an interest in health.     