 This review is written from the perspective of a former hospital administrator that was lucky enough to be exposed to complementary medicine in one of my positions.  This exposure has caused me to be interested in the concept of "green living".  If you are at all interested in "green living" and reducing the toxins in the lives of your family this is a must read book.   This book is divided into two general sections, how to reduce your toxic overload, and the chemical connection to chronic illness.  In the first section (reducing the toxic load) the author outlines three steps, these are: 1.	Supplementation 2.	Seven-Day Desludge Diet 3.	Chemical Free Home and Beauty Products.  Under Supplementation the doctor outlines specific vitamins, minerals and supplements (and her suggested levels) and tells you why you need these things.  I appreciated that she also identifies the food sources for these same substances.  In the Seven Day Desludge Diet she outlines what to eat to assist your bodies own systems in purging toxins that are already present.  This section recommends the usual suspects as far as consumables.  What was unanticipated is the level of detail that the doctor goes into regarding preparing and storing foods.  The discussion of Chemical Free Home and Beauty Products is just down right scary.  I know that I got up to read labels no fewer than 6 times while reading this chapter.  Considering the fact that I am not new to "green living" I was surprised to find a couple of products in my house that I needed to toss out.  The remaining two thirds of the book is devoted to the Chemical Connection to Chronic Illness.  This portion of the book was fascinating to me.  If you are interested in improving your health you will get a lot of information from this section of the book.  She covers the following areas in this section: 1.	Immune system diseases 2.	Neurological diseases 3.	Digestive disorders 4.	Hormonal imbalances 5.	Cardiovascular diseases 6.	Cancer 7.	Multiple chemical sensitivity 8.	Obesity & Musculoskeletal disorders 9.	Childhood disorders  Overall, I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in improving his or her health.  I will caution you that this is not a casual read, and probably not one for young teens in the respect that it might frighten them.  The first time I tried to read it I could not get through it, it just seemed far too alarmist on my first read.  Apparently I was not in the correct frame of mind.  I picked it up again this morning and went through it in two hours (even with underlining).   I did a little research while reading the book and was able to corroborate many of the facts that I found contained in the book.  I think this is a well researched, and well written book that everyone should read.     