 For my fellow foodies that are thinking, "you have got to be kidding" please keep reading and keep an open mind.  Even though my favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the CIA, I still use this one to assist me in determining timing and liquid proportions for making dinners without hovering around the kitchen.  If are a busy mom that wants to put a healthy meal on the table every night this book will become an indispensable addition to your library.  The recipes were devised using standard supermarket ingredients but you can easily doctor them up if you wish, I do.   Each recipe gives a nutritional breakdown including calories, carbohydrates, protein, total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, and sodium.  The recipe section is divided as follows: 1.	Soups and Chili 2.	Chicken 3.	Turkey  4.	Beef 5.	Pork and Lamb 6.	Wraps and Sandwiches 7.	Beans and Grains 8.	Vegetables 9.	Desserts and Accompaniments  The most surprising recipe in this book for me was for a roasted chicken with rosemary and garlic, in the slow cooker.  I must admit that I was dubious that this would work.  However, it works fine, the chicken browns and cooking doesn't heat up the kitchen.  If you want the chicken browner, slide it under the broiler for a few minutes before serving.  This method works so well that once I taught it to a friend of mine she no longer buys the supermarket rotisserie chickens that she used to rely on.  The author has a nice method in this book that uses foil packet and vegetables that has come in very handy for me.  After preparing one of the author's recipes I have used the method to make a lot of the dishes that I would have previously made in the oven in parchment.  There are a couple of nice factors that result from using a slow cooker that I find to be preferable to using the standard stove or oven methods:   1.	you don't have to be home to cook.   2.	you don't heat up your kitchen in the summer.   3.	you can cook without adding extra fat making the meal healthier.   4.	you don't release gas into your home (assuming you have a gas cook top and/or oven) increasing the indoor air pollution in your home.  If you want healthy meals for your family, and are not that familiar with the ins and outs of slow cooking, you will find this to be a useful book.       