 I purchased this book after reading Dr. Fuhrman's more recent book "Eat to Live".  Once I realized how much better I felt on a vegan diet I wanted to rethink my uninformed views regarding fasting once I saw that Dr. Fuhrman was an advocate.  (Check out my review on "Eat to Live" for a synopsis of the impressive results, if you are curious.)  I read this book from the perspective of a disbeliever.  I am now ready to try short-term fasting to see what impact it will have on my health.  I will come back and update this review with the results of my fast when I am finished.  This book covers not only fasting, but also, the effects of the standard American diet and the cause of disease in the US today.  The doctor does a lot of evidence building regarding the impact of the high fat, high protein, low fiber, high sugar diet that most American's follow today.  I was most impressed by the 290 endnotes that reference mostly scholarly journals that are noted to back up the doctor's findings.  I felt as though I was back in graduate school reading a friend's thesis.  This book is written in a very conversational tone, but with excellent references to back up the treatise.  The doctor gives a rough guide for what we should eat on a routine basis.  This is essentially the same as the program outlined in "Eat to Live".  The only difference that I saw is that he does not recommend flaxseed in this book.  That must be a refinement of the "Eat to Live" program.  The disorders/diseases that the doctor claims are improved or eliminated by fasting and lifestyle modification include: 1.	Headaches 2.	Hypoglycemia 3.	Cardiovascular Disease 4.	High Blood Pressure 5.	Diabetes 6.	Autoimmune Diseases 7.	Overweight 8.	Uterine Fibroids  The doctor does caution people not to embark on fasts greater than three days without being under a physicians care and he spells out the reasons why he makes this recommendation.  My one criticism of the book is that the only guidance he provides to find a physician trained in the application of therapeutic fasting is an organization in Ohio.  However, there is listing of doctors and treatment centers on the organization's website.  It seems that there are limited options in the US for doctors (3 individual doctors and 4 treatment centers) that are trained in therapeutic fasting.  This is something to keep in mind before you get set on the idea of a lengthy fast.  Overall, I recommend this book because it opens your mind to an alternative treatment modality for the diseases that we suffer from in America today.  Given the amazing success that my husband and I have both experienced by changing to a vegan lifestyle, fasting might just be in our future.  Even if we don't choose to embark on a long-term physician supervised fast, I am glad to have the knowledge that alternatives are available to the typical treatment program of drugs and surgery.  UPDATE:  MAY 10, 2006 I just located an additional source for doctors that can supervise fasts.  A quick internet search on "International Association of Hygienic Physicians" will bring the site up.      