 Like many people I suffered from intermittent intestinal problems for many years.  I purchased this book over a decade ago trying to determine what was wrong since the doctors could not pinpoint the problem.  This book is very informative and gives the reader another option for moderating the problem without meds or surgery.  The book is laid out as follows:  1.	Past and Present 2.	Scientific Evidence Relating to Diet 3.	Intestinal Microbes:  The Unseen World 4.	Breaking the Vicious Cycle 5.	Carbohydrate Digestion 6.	Beyond Gluten 7.	The Brain Connection 8.	Introducing the Diet 9.	The Specific Carbohydrate Diet 10.	  Recipe Section  This book is geared primarily to people with Ulcerative Colitis, Crohn's Disease, Celiac Disease (not cured by gluten-free diet), Cystic Fibrosis, Diverticulitis and Chronic Diarrhea.  The prescription is what the author calls a "Specific Carbohydrate Diet".  This diet excludes carbohydrates other than fruits, honey, properly prepared yogurt, vegetables and nuts.  However, this diet is relaxed in some ways once diarrhea has cleared.  The author offered a couple sample daily menus and gives specific lists of allowed and non-allowed foods.  Approximately 100 pages of the book are devoted to recipes.  Since the recipes are gluten free they are good for people watching their carbohydrates.  Please note that they are not carbohydrate free since this diet does advocate honey and yogurt.  This book does have bread recipes, which are made with nut flours.  The cheese bread made with almond meal is surprisingly tasty.  There is also a pumpkin cookie with nut flour that is nice, and reasonably low in carbohydrates since the recipe only includes 3/4 cup of honey for 4-dozen cookies.  This plan relieved some of my intestinal disturbances.  However, I was eventually able to determine that animal products were my problem not carbohydrates.  Not exactly the answer that I was hoping for, but at least I found relief.  If this plan doesn't work for you consider "Eat to Live" by Dr. Fuhrman.  After years of trying every diet variation to find the answer to my GI problems that is ultimately the one that offered 100% relief for me.  I will be the first one to admit that the "Specific Carbohydrate Diet" tasted better which is why I tried it first.     