 I was a hospital administrator for just under two decades so most of this information is second nature to me.   I purchased this book because I liked the general style of "You:  The Owner's Manual" and was curious to see how the doctors tackled this subject.  I have been impressed with the way they were able to take out much of the unnecessary medical and hospital terminology and get to the point for the rest of us.  The book is subdivided as follows:  1.	Getting to Know You (Information that is important to convey to your doctor) 2.	Finding Doctor Right (not all doctors are created equal, 50% of all doctors finished medical school in the bottom 50% or their graduating class) 3.	Let's Play Operational (what you should know if you are scheduling surgery) 4.	Prescription Drugs 5.	How to Case a Hospital (choosing a safe hospital) 6.	Have a Happily Humdrum Hospital Stay 7.	Why You Should Always Get a Second Opinion 8.	Just What Gives You the Right (Patient Rights) 9.	Considering the Alternatives (Alternative Medicine) 10.	Take Control of Your Health Insurance Appendix 1:  Medical Jargon Explained Appendix 2:  Sample Forms (Your Health Journal, Living Will, Power of Attorney for Health Care, Do Not Resuscitate Order) Appendix 3:  Resources  If you know someone that has been diagnosed with cancer, or will be undergoing surgery this is a nice book to buy.  The doctors cover a lot of important topics like: making certain a hospital has JCAHO accreditation (Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations, checking the doctor's board certification, understanding HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, knowing drug interactions and getting second opinions.  All of these things are extremely important and will impact your care if not your health.  If you don't work in a healthcare setting, I recommend reading this book before something happens to your health and you end up in the hospital.  I read somewhere that almost half of us will have an inpatient stay in the hospital prior to the end of our lives.  I don't think we can ever be too prepared for something that can have such an impact on our lives, or the life of someone that we love.  As a former member of the hospital community I can tell you that the doctor and hospital that you select can have a tremendous impact on the outcome you experience.  Why take a chance, know the facts, and know your rights.     