 A serious foodie that has been perfecting her cooking skills for the last 25 years in her home kitchen writes this review. My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America. I am also a cookbook collector, with more than 500 books in my cooking library. With the many books in my cookbook collection I find that I am frequently disappointed in my recent purchases. That was not the case with this purchase.  I was absolutely blown away by this book.  I read the entire book in one sitting, fixating on each new idea.  I have never enjoyed another book as much as I have enjoyed this one.  If you are one of those people that never follows a recipe as written (guilty as charged) you are going to love this book.  This book might just be my new favorite cookbook.  Although this book is not a cookbook in the most literal sense of the word, it is more a guide to cooking than a cookbook.  Yes, there are recipes in the book, but not as many as a traditional cookbook.  The book is subdivided as follows:  The Chef as Artist Meet Your Medium Composing Flavors Composing a Dish 	a.   Why Food Matches 	b.   Food Matches Made in Heaven 	c.   Seasoning Matches in Heaven Composing a Menu 	a.   Common Accompaniments to Entrees Evolving a Cuisine 	a.   The Evolution of Leading Chef's Cuisines 	b.   Dessert Island Lists Culinary Art as Communion Resources  The tables that are included in this book are amazing.  I have already copied some of the tables and moved them into my kitchen to use this evening with dinner.  The table that the authors titled "Flavor Pals" is just wonderful.  If you have ever been in the kitchen and wondered if particular spices and/or herbs go together, there is a table that answer those questions.  There is another table titled "Flavor Enemies" that is extremely helpful.  If you have ever tried to make Sauterne and Oranges because you didn't have peaches and wondered what went wrong, you know there are just some things that don't play well together.  The table tells you which combinations are difficult to get right.  There are too many tables in the book to discuss them all.  But suffice it to say; I think that all the tables are fantastic.  I will be ordering more of these for all my foodie friends that love to cook.  This book would help anyone that loves to cook, and doesn't want to be constrained by a recipe.  There is a great comment by Todd English that sums up how I feel about recipes, it is as follows, "having to follow a recipe was, to him, like being put on a leash."  If this sums up your philosophy, quick buy the book.  You will not be sorry.     