 Myst III was truly awesome experience. From the great graphics with very high detail to an awesome soundtrack, this game was better than Riven. I read one of the reviews that said he beat this game in one day. No way unless you used a cheat guide. A friend of mine totally ruined this game using the guide and it still took him 12-14 hours to beat the game doing it right the first time. So if it took him a month on the original Myst (It took me about 5 days), then he didn't beat this in one day. This game has many puzzles and they are difficult. The basic story line is that the character you see the most, Saavedro, is upset with Artus's sons who have ruined his world, and blames Atrus for the death of his family. And you follow Saavedro through many ages solving puzzles along the way to try and restore those ages. The ages are as follows: 1. J'Nanin: This is where it all starts. The detail that went into this is quite awesome. Your goal here is to get into the 3 large tusks around the island. And that ain't easy. 2. Amateria: This is my favorite. From the rolling thunder and flickering lightning in background to the sunset on the other side, this age is awesome and alot of fun. You have 3 devices that you need to get to work, and once you do, clues are given to you to get into the last house. Once there, you have to solve the final puzzle which takes you on a very cool ride. 3. Edanna: This one I hated. There was very little light and the trails you were to follow were not very well marked. But what you had to do to solve the puzzles was very well done. 4. Voltaic: This was also a very cool age. This age had some of the most awesome scenic views in the game, plus a very cool ride you got to go on. 5. Narayan: A very small age. Not many places to go and the puzzles were alot easier than the rest were. This game felt alot more like Myst than Riven did. Like in Myst, you went to one age and solved it and moved on to the next. If you got stuck, touch the linking book and you can try another age. Riven was a vast age and you may solve one puzzle on one island that worked for a different island. Just a mess trying to solve. The cutscenes are nothing special except for you when you solve a puzzle and some of them were great. But the scenery and music were awesome, and they keep adding more animation with each Myst game. The end scenarios (there are 3 or 4 different one) aren't anything special, but neither was Myst's ending. This is the game I had hoped Riven would be, and though I liked Riven, Myst III definitley captures that old familiar feel that Myst had.     