 I really liked this game, but they are several flaws that stop this game from being great.  The single-player missions were fun, especially for the side of good. In the good missions, there was alot more diversity. Not only did you have the big battles, but you also had missions involving the heroes. The missions also followed the movie pretty good.  Also, you don't build buildings like typical RTS games. You capture a plot of land and they give you so many spaces you can build on. So if you capture a castle spot, you can get up to 16 slots or so to build (depending on what faction you are playing).   the basics of the missions were a chance to power up your heores. They all start at level 1, but as you increase to a certain level (10 is the max), you get other special abilities that that hero can use. Aragorn has the power of the sword master, healing units around him, or calling in a small band of the Army of the Dead. Gandelf has a lightning attack, a shock attack, and an even stronger type of shock attack. Gimli and Legolas also have very cool special attacks. Also, each mission you can gain either an increase in resources (you get a percentage increase), command points (the command points you have the more troops you can create), or power points. Power points give you other special powers such as elven archers and rohhirrim horseman for a short time to you use for attacking or defending. There is alot of content in this game and several missions to play. As for the evil side, you only get 2 heroes and most of the powers you get are for resource production as you win with sheer numbers instead of strength. Saruman's abilities also aren't very good and most of the warriors you can build are either too slow or too weak. But, when you get enough power points, you can summon the Balrog. He is very strong. When he is summoned, he damages any units and/or buildings close by. He can do a short flight which damages anything around him when he lands, use his whip, and has a powerful flame attack which levels buildings in seconds. He also looks cool. For the most part though, I found the battles pretty repetitious on the evil side which got a little boring. As you play, you will see other little things that are annoying. The graphics were good and the sound (the voices were of those from the movies) was also very good. The cutscenes were ok, but nothing great. As for skirmish mode against the computer, you have several maps and 4 side to choose from. As you win a battle, you get allocated points. Everytime you increase a level, your starting units change and you get stronger units to begin with until you max out at level 10. You can either play a level 1, 5 , or 10 computer opponent in which they will start with those better units. It keeps track of your wins and loses and how long you played each side. It is pretty challenging so far ( I have only played leveled each side up to level 2 while playing level 5 opponents). Haven't played on-line yet, but they have had many different tournaments and you can see your rank on the web-site. If you can get ranked high enough, you will be invited to the big tournament. Overall, I have enjoyed this game alot and plan on playing skirmish mode alot more to see what all happens. But the SP for both side is very long play you have the mp, so lots of gaming for your buck. I definitely reccommend it.     