 Half Life is my favorite game of all-time. So when HL2 was coming out, my expectations were high.  Thankfully, this game lives up to the hype.  The graphics are very good. I have seen many reviews stating that the games graphics look dated. Hogwash I say. There are very few games that compare graphically.  The sound, the story, and the physics (though overused a little) are also very good. Plus the game has several hours of playing time for the SP. The only other SP FPS game that had this many hours was the original HL. And the fact that there are alot of friends, enemies, weapons, and completely different locations to visit makes the SP very interesting. And some of the things you have to battle makes this a challenging and fun game.  One of the other problems I heard about was Steam. Steam is Valve's program for all of the games. I personally have had very little trouble with it and I like it. No more searching the interent trying to find the new patch or maps for the games. Steam automatically updates all of this for you (except for maps made by other servers).  As for the MP, CS:S is fun and they keep giving new maps every couple of months. The only real problem is cheaters. The anti cheat that Valve was supposed to release has not happened yet. But when it does, accounts caught cheating could be banned which i believe is a good thing. There are plenty of maps and servers to play and with the addition of new maps, it stays fairly fresh.  HL2DM is ok. There are not as many servers and most of them are very laggy which is strange considering I get excellent latency on CSS. There are also a bunch of maps (including old ones from HL like Gasworks and Crossroads) to play. I enjoy it when the latency is good, but it is pretty tough to find a good server.  The fact that the SP is so long and you get 2 MP games here that that alone makes it worth it. PErsonally, I love the game and can't wait until Aftermath (this is supposed to be another Steam update. Is it free? Hope so) comes out. Some people still hold a grudge against Valve because it took so long. But almost every game today has delays. I am just happy it came out. If you liked HL, you will definitely enjoy this.     