 Having been a C&C fan since the beginning and reading all the reviews for this game before it cane out, I was a little dissappointed. But with this expansion pack, the game is now much better, Not only do you get 15 more missions and lots of new units, but you get the Generals Challenge which is very cool. If you play with every General (9 total), you get another 63 battles to play. Each General has its own tactic (i.e. Lasers, Tanks, etc) and you get these items cheaper than anyone else. Also, you can use any of these Generals for Skirmish or On-line play. Some of the new things I liked was the USA Firebase (it lets you hold 4 soldiers in it while firing a powerful cannon.), USA Spectre Ship (which fires a strong gun and flys aropund an enemy base for 5-30 seconds (depending on your General Rank) or until shot down), China Internet Center (which can hold 8 hackers and helps them collect more money and can be upgraded), and the GLA Battle Bus (which holds soldiers who can fire from it and when it is immobilized, it becomes bunkered cover for those soldiers). There are many other items here than I just mentioned and many new structures than can be captured. As for the Generals challenge, some of the items I like that only they have are Laser defense turret (USA) (fires a powerful laser at air or land and has good range), Emperor Overlord (China) (comes equipeed with propaganda tower and can have a Gattling Cannon installed), and Advanced Demo Trap (GLA)(a much more powerful explosion that builds faster). These are just a few of the many different items they have.  The only issue I still have is the difference in Easy, Medium, and Hard difficulty settings. Easy was too easy and medium was pretty tough. To give a quick example, in the Generals Challenge, about a minute into one of the games, a Particle Cannon was detected. The countdown started at 30 minutes. That was on easy and it was never fired. On medium difficulty, the countwon started at 4 minutes. After the first attack, they started bombing runs with planes and dropped off guys at the back of the base. Then theri second Particle cannon came on-line and then a third. It was tough to beat, but this is an example of the difference between the difficulty settings. My suggestion is, if you want to have a good battles, don't play on anything less than medium because it was not much fun on easy. Also, they have little news reports in between missions. For me anyways, this gave C&C back some of the feel of the earlier games. This statement might seem stupid, but it has pretty much always been a part of the games, and for it not to be a part of the first Generals game, it just felt like something was missing (Boy I sure miss Tanya).For any C&C fan this is a must have game. If you haven't bought the first part of this game yet, I would suggest buying the C&C: Generals combo of both games. If you do have the first part, buy this, you won't be dissappointed. Anyone new to the C&C world, this is not the best of the bunch (C&C Red Alert & Red Alert 2 are the best), but it is graphically the best looking C&C game. Happy gaming and good hunting.     