 I loved Myth & Mtyh II. That said, this game falls way short of what I expected. I read all the hype and seen the screen shots and thought that was what I was getting. And I guess I did: Window dressings.  First, what is good about the game? If you have a high end computer, you get to enjoy some very detailed characters and some wonderful landscape. The trees and the grass swaying in the wind is excellent. The noise of the creatures in the woods is excellent and as always, the story is very good. Now, whats bad? About everything else. I have had video problems when the cut scenes come up. I can hear sound, but no picture. And the cut scenes are terrible. They look blocky and blurry. Just teribly done. And when you fighting, you can't even see your archers arrows half the time. Plus your guys are very weak. Your archers can only take 3 or 4 hits and they are dead. They say in some of the hints when you are playing the levels how to protect your archers, but your guys don't live long enough. And the online play was tough to get setup. I set my password and went to long in and it wouldn't let me. I had to change it 3 times before one worked. The controls have change also. For some reason they think it easier to click a button at the to put together groups of units and then to access them. Fortunately they have left the the option of holding the ALT button and then hit the number for your party. There is also a big difference bewtween the skill levels. Easy was way to easy (I didn't lose a unit on the first 6 missions) and the Mighty (which is the next level up) was a killer on a few missions). And the missions arent' very long either. As for the online play, there aren't many people on there yet. I have yet to see more than 32 players on at any one time. All I have left to say is shame on you Microsoft for changing a good thing and not letting Bungie continue there excellence in the Myth series. You have really blown it here. Overall, this game is Ok. I did enjoy playing it, but if you are expecting something better than MythII, forget it. If I were you, I would buy another Godgames game called Max Payne. You might enjoy it more.     