 This game stinks. I have Pentium IV 2.66mhz, 512ram, 128 NVIDIA Geforce FX video card, and DSL and this game stinks. Heres what is good: 1. Great soundtrack. The music is awesome. 2. The idea. the idea is great. The way it plays out is not. I first decided to play the single player mission to get the hang of the game. The graphics weren't very good and even this part of the game lags. The movements are jumpy and it takes along to load. So I decided to try on-line and see what it was like. I couldn't even log onto a game because I had the wrong version. I just got the game that day and it hadn't been out long. Plus this game comes with some software called Acegain Liveupdate. It is supposed to automatically check and download any patches and updates. Well, it didn't. So I said OK to update. I waited and waited and waited and finally after 1/2 an hour, I cancelled it and went out on the internet and looked for the patch. After waiting a little over an hour, I finally got the patch and loaded it. The patch did let me enter an on-line game and it did help with the graphics, but the game was way too laggy. According to my ping, I was running less than 70 and I had the 3rd best ping out of 16 people and I still couldn't move very well. I was warping all over the place. So I tried another server and another server and after 17 tries, I found a game with only 5 other guys. And guess what? It still played like crap. Not sure how the other 5000 + people that are on everyday keep playing this, but they are. I thought the idea of doing helicopter drops and firing weapons from a helicopter and some of the booby traps you can set sounded cool. And it looks like the maps were done very well and there was lots of potential here. But somewhere along the line something happened. And it isn't good. I have also read some reviews here that said you had to have certain video cards and computers. Why? This game should have been made to work with computers no matter what they have as long as they meet the minimum requirements. My computer which is a Dell beats those requirements and the recommended requirements by alot. But the game still lags on single player and multi player. It is just unplayable. I have not had this problem with any other recently released games and should not have had a problem with this one. But it sounds like I am not the only one. Having been a pretty big fan of Battlefield 1942, I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone right now. Maybe more patches are on the way but after trying to play this game for around 12-15 hours, I just can't do it anymore. I will keep checking for new patches to see if it improves, but for right now, I would tell you to wait for Battlefield 2 which is coming sometime. Until then, I will get back on-line and continue to play Medal of Honor.     