 This game was on my top 10 wish list for games I wanted. I could not wait for it to come out. Now that I have it, how dissappointing it was. When I first got Lords of the Realms 2, I played it the first day for 15 staight hours. It was my first taste of real time strategy and started my conversion from puzzle games to RTS and FPS games. With Realms 3, it took all of the good things from Realms 2 and got rid of them. You can no longer control the resources you collect like rock, trees, and your food. You now place a vassal on a vacant plot and you get either gold or food. Thats it. You also can't raise an army. The only way you can get an army is to place a Knight on a vacant plot or buy mercanaries. But if you don't own enough land, you can only have so many Knights or you will not have enough money or farms. If you are short on farms, your army will abandon you. The longer your Knight is on the board, the more men he will collect, but it takes a very long time to collect a very small amount of men. You used to be able to control your lands easier and make your city grow, then raise an army. But not now. The most irritating thing is fighting. If you go to an enemies lands and take out his farm, if you don't leave an army back, they will instantly place another vassal for a farm. Even if you take out their castle, you still can't take over their land until you do more damage to their land. The next irritating thing is the armies. You can kill all of the enemies armies which leaves his plot open. He will then place another Knight to replace his beaten Knight and then attack you and somehow he has an army twice your size. I beat one enemies Knights completely 3 straight times and he still came back with 2 large armies and force me from his land. Not sure how that happened as I went through every Knight of the Realm and never found a large army once. When an army takes damage, their color changes. When they get to red, they are discouraged and they disband during the fight. So how he can keep coming back is beyond me becasue your army needs time to heal. And the last irritating thing is the battles. It seems like every time I go to the battle screen, another army attacks my lands. That is because there is no pause in the game when try to fight the battles yourself. If you let the computer do it for you, you lose alot more than you should plus you don't get to play the game. There needs to be a pause during battles so you can enjoy the game more. You also can't build siege weapons. You have buy siege mercanaries. Not cooll at all. The games doesn't totally suck. It is challenging (although very repititious) and the graphics are pretty good (although I haven't been able to see the intro movie or any other cutscenes even thought I downloaded the patch. not sure whats up with that), but that is about it. If they plan on making another, they better go back to what worked for Realms 2 & 3 and incorporate it in Realms 4, otherwise this franchise is dead if it isn't already.     