 This is by far one of the most boring RTS games I have ever played, and I have played alot of them. Just like in most RTS games, you have to collect resources. I spent most of my time waiting for the resource collectors to bring the resource. It was so boring. The single player mission was spent over half the time waiting. Waiting for resources. Waiting for your ships to build. Waiting for researches to finish. The graphics were ok, but given the fact this was a 1999 game, I can see where the graphics would have been pretty good though I believe Total Annihilation, Starcraft, and especially Age Of Empires (which all 3 came out before Homeworld) looked better. The ships looked cool, but if you zoomed in on them, they looked pixally. And the cutscenes were just ok. It was cool to be able to see a 360 view of every ship though. The battles weren't anything spectacular. You couldn't really see of hear any of the fighting going on. Just the same droning music over and over (the music was cool the first few missions, but gets rather boring later). It was also impossible to follow the battles as your camera follows one of units or the other. The best thing about this game was the story. The story goes like this: A spaceship was found buried in sand here on Earth. Using that technology and the history found on the ship, they built their own ships so that they could head to their real Homeworld. As the story unfolds and new enemies and friends are made, the story keeps this game going. At least for me, that is the only reason I continued to play this game. I read all of the reviews on many gamesites including Gamespot and Gamespy and many of the reviews here, and maybe my expectations were high, but one review said that no has since done what homeworld has done. And I believe the reason is who would want to. The idea about completely 3D space game is good in concept, but it takes away from the gameplay too much. This is definitely nothing like the games I mentioned before, but having played over 50 RTS games, this one didn't do it for me. Next up is Homeworld Cataclysm. I bought all 3 Homeworld games at the same time because the price was cheap. So I don't feel like I was cheated too much. Game wasn't for me, but maybe it is for you.     