 I would rate this game 4 1/2 stars. The single player mission is awesome. Has to be one of the most intense FPS games ever. The graphics were very good, the sound effects were very good, and the gameplay was excellent. Most of the levels in the single player game were short, but very intense. You were fighting the enemy almost every second of the game. There was very little rest. The enemy AI was pretty solid though not as good as some other games before it (i.e Half-Life). Between defending a bridge, taking out attacking airplanes at an airfield, and defending many other positions, this game was a real challenge. It took a few times to fihure out what to do to beat some of the levels, but  was hooked on the game. There is definitely 12-15 hours of game time on the single player mission which is pretty good for an FPS. As for the multiplayer, it is pretty good, but not great. As in the single player mission, you can aim down the sight of your gun which makes you move slower, but aim better. The aim for the weapons is very hard. Moving, you have a very wide area where the shots are gonna spray. It gets better if you quit moving, even better if you are crouched, and even better if you assume the prone position. But because of the bad aim of the SMG, I believe that is why most every game at least half (usually more) of the players use rifles and sniper guns. As for the maps, there isn't anything special about most of them. There 4 or 5 real good maps but there 4 or 5 maps that when they come up, the players either ask for a new map or leave. There is also a considerable amount of lag. I am running this on a P4 2.8ghz, 512 ram, 128meg video (NVIDIA Geforce FX) card, and using DSL, and after I downloaded the patch (I recommend this as there are only about 100 or so servers left you can play on without it), now I can't log into a game. They have Punkbuster and I get in a game and after 1 or 2 minutes, it tells me it can't load some PB file. Not sure what that is (guessing something to do with punkbuster though my game menu tells me I have it loaded), but it has become very frustrating. Still, when you can get on a game, it isn't too bad. There is Death match and Team deathmatch, plus they have a game called Retrieval (which is just like to Return To Castle Wolfemstein), Search & Destroy (which is just like Medal of Honor's objective match), and Behind Enemy Lines. Behind Enemy Lines is where you have a very small team of Allies who are vastly outnumbered and score points by killing the Axis player and staying alive. An Axis player who kills an Allied player then respawns as an Allied player to try to score more points. It pretty cool. There is also an expansion pack coming out sometime around November I beleive, so there will be even more fun on the way. I would recommedn this game to anyone who enjoyed RTCW and MOHAA. You won't be dissappointed.     