 I have had this game for a while, but declined to play it because it did not have any on-line gaming available and with the release of games such as RTCW, MOHAA, and C&C:Renegade, i had played those first and done the on-line thing. So I finally loaded this one up and WOW! The beginning cutscene was amazing. Alot of the game storytelling is done in comic book format and you have the ability to either watch it again or fast forward through it. The graphics are amazing (they recommend 256 meg of ram and a 64m video card, which I had, which means you may not get the full effect with anything less), the sound eefects and music were awesome, and the controls were just like any other FPS game (I shouldn't call this an FPS since it is played in 3rd person, but hey). Also, there are harder levels of play available after you beat one. I read one review that said the game looked cool and all, but there was know strategy. Strategy??? You mean there is another strategy besides shooting everything in site? This game definitley had strategy to it. One example was if you just went into a room with guns blazing against 3 or 4 guys, you either suffered significant damage or died (which is what happens most of the time). You have to decide what weapon to use, how you want to go in the room, and which guy to take out first becasue some of the bad guys had weapons that do serious damage. Usually when entering a room where I knew bad guys were, I used the "Dodge and Shoot" alot. With the click of button when you are moving, everything slows down and give you the advantage while you are airborn. Very cool to use abd saves you alot of damage. Then there is the "bullet Time" method which lasts about 5 to 8 seconds (as long as your meter is full). As soon as you press the button, you move in slow motion and it give you the advantage of targeting them and avoiding their fired shots. It's very cool seeing buckshot fly past you in slow notion. A definte advantage you need on certain levels, otherwise you spend alot of time reloading because you will be dead. Another cool feature is if you shoot someone in the head or in a certain area (say, near a ledge) and you see the guy go flying in slow motion. Very cool. Also, some of the levels you had to figure out how to get to the next area and it takes a little thinking, but the way is always in front of you. There was also a level where you had to get Max through his dream and that was pretty cool. The outside scenery (this takes place during the worst storm NY has ever seen) is awesome. The snow falling all around, sirens in the background, wind whipping all around when you step outside, very nicely done. There were only 2 things I didn't like: They cut to a story board a little too often, & 2, the game was a little short. Other than that, this was clearly one of the most awesome games I have ever played. It had me hooked from the moment I started playing it. Too bad it didn't have on-line play available, but heres too hoping that they make a Max Payne 2 with that capability. Max Payne is nearly the ultimate game, but hey, no game is perfect. If you want a challenge, then this is the game for because this game is hard.     