 I would probably give this 4 1/2 stars, but no lower. The game is without a doubt fun. From driving a tank to blowing up anti-aricraft guns, this game has been very solid. Graphically, it's good though not as good as Return to Castle Wolfenstein. the sound is very solid too except for the grenade explosions which sound like a popping balloon. Here are some of the bad things: 1. All of the guys run around like they have stomach cramps 2. You can't see very far becasue the graphics get pixally. You can't tell if there is a man in the guard tower or if it is a rail. 3. The online play is slow and connection is laggy (My commputeris a Dell PIII 1000mhz, 256 rdram, 64meg video card and I have a cable modem and just getting connected to one of the servers is chore). And alot of the maps it's just a sniping battle. 4. You and some of the enemies are like Superman. I shot one guy in the head 3 times and started targeting someone else when the guy got back up and started shooting me. So I shot him 3 more times and he got back up again. Same thing for you except you can take even more damage. Heres what is good: 1. Some very interesting levels, especially Omaha Beach. Anything you heard about that is for real. It is definitley the best level and one of the hardest (You got to play to find out why). 2. No end bosses. I get tired of playing games that have an end boss all of the time. Seem like all FPS do anymore. 3. Nice stories and missions (I was worried in the beginning as it seemed all you did was follow other around while they killed everything. Kind of boring in the beginning) 4. Lotsa of different scenery and things to do. There is a level where you have to take out some anit aircraft guns and other units in a heavily wooded area covered in snow. These levels are by far the best graphics and sound in the game. Everytime the breeze blew, I swore one of them dogs was coming at you. Very nicely done. Kept me on edge the whole time. The only other complaint I have is at time the AI was bad. I shot a guy in the back and had to reload my weapon and he didn't even check to see who shot him. Just kept walking. Another time, I came to a depot with 2 guards in 2 different towers and 4 on the ground. I picked them off one at a time with no alarm going off and the other guys didn't seek cover. Anyone who played RTCW knows that those guys came after you in a hurry. But this game is definitely worth it. If the Internet play (which is still pretty fun if you can get on. Unfortunately it is on Gamespy which I think is horrible) were alot better and a little faster paced, this would be one of the best FPS's ever. Oh well, maybe when Half-Life 2 comes out...... A little update on the internet play. They now have a patch you can download that gives you an in-game browser, but it has to reload everytime you want to change games or it says server is full. The game also plays a little better, but is still laggy.     