 THE ADVENTURES OF PRISCILLA QUEEN OF THE DESERT is one of the best movies (and has one of the very best, funky, 1970-80's disco soundtracks) that I have ever been fortunate enough to witness. I was dumbfounded by the sheer number of unbelievably decadent costumes, the up-beat disco music, the flawless acting, and the obviously heart-felt love of the director for his story and its characters.  What impresses me most, however, are the very real portrayals of a variety of "crazy" characters, all very different outwardly, but all searching for love inwardly. Perhaps the most poigniant realtionship was that of an aging transsexual and a friendly, elderly man she met when her bus (Priscilla) broke down in the middle of nowhere. Somehow, they just "connected," despite his "bacwardness), and I believe the two fell in love by the end of the show. This was left a bit ambiguous. Another excellent performance was that of "Mitzie," a gay man who, in the distant past got married to a lesbian and had a son with her. This painful, yet somehow inspiring, emotional (and unusual) relationship between a gay drag queen and his wife and son (who actually loves him to death despite the  queen's" worries!) is oddly freeing to all of those who consider themselves "freaks".  The story begins as the group sets out into the Austrailian outback, on their way to a drag show they will be performing in Alice Springs (the Las Vegas of the outback, thinking that all they want is to get out of their crappy little town, where they feel unappreciated and misunderstood. People in bars through beer bottles at them, etc. By the end of the flick, however, all but one of the characters just wanted to go home. They had all changed so deeply, and while "Bernie," the transsexual chose to stay on with her new love, Bob, the rest returned to drag shows and the perfroming that they adored. And they were happy with that. There are many other brilliantly portrayed relationships in the film: that of "Mitzie" and his son (who adores him), "Bernie" and "Felicia," an obnoxious very young ABBA fan who has no compassion for anyone (but whom Bernie saves from inevitable rape and/or death) and the weird relationship between Bob and his young Asian "wife" who tricked him into marriage by getting him drunk and having him sign papers to get her into the country. There is so much good to be said of this movie and its directors and producers, etc., that I will just have to stop here and urge you to experience it for yourself. It's a feel good movie, a good first date movie and a poigniant, somehow sad cinematic experience that leaves one singing disco and wishing they owned a tiara! Do not miss this film. The costumes and music alone make it worth thr price of the rental.     