 There's a great moment toward the end of the premiere episode of Buffy. Buffy encounters the villain of the piece after two hours of struggle, and I, as an audience member, was expecting some sort of epic clash between good and evil. Rather than that Buffy chooses to remind the vampire villain of his inability to venture into the sunlight, lest he be killed. "You forgot about one thing," she says to the vampire. "Sunrise..." She then throws a weapon at a dark, painted window and breaks it, allowing light to spill through into the vampire's face. The vampire screams in agony for a few seconds before realizing it is just an outdoor lamp making all the light, and that the sun has not yet risen. Continuing her previous sentence about the sunrise, Buffy says, "...is in about nine hours, moron." She then puts a stake thorugh the villain's heart and all is, at least for the moment, well. It is this willingness to play with expectations that keeps Buffy as fresh and funny as it is. The trivialization of evil through humor also gives the show its own identity amongst a great many other television shows, movies, books, and plays that use allegorical stories to make their sweeping points.  More than just its uniqueness and storytelling flare, however, make Buffy as great a show as it is. It is also about people-- real people, that live down your street, or go to your school. It's about everybody, and it is very easy to identify with different elements of each of the characters. But, then again, none of the characters are static. They change and grow, shedding old ways and developing new ones. You may identify with a character one weeks and then become uncomfortable with their choices and ideas the next week. The characters are peeled like onions, and none can be properly defined without the aid of each and every episode that they have ever appeared in. Sitcom characters are uniformly sarcastic, but Buffy characters are multidimensional entities. More even than the fun and actions of the episodes, this element of the show sticks with me as a viewer. I care about Willow, and Xander, and Buffy, and Giles, and Tara (God rest her soul), and Anya, and Dawn, and Spike, and Angel. Their actions and attitudes make a difference to me, and that is a frightening thing to discover as I remind myself that those people, real as they may seem, are fictional. In its many famous ways Buffy is a fictional show, but so far as the depths of the personalities go, it is more real than any examples of the new wave a reality television. The first season is not the best season of the show, but neither is it the worst, and compared to any other show on televsion, this year of Buffy will blow your mind. Make the investment and enjoy a bright future where even theatrical movies look pretty stupid next to the glory of Buffy.     