 One of the reviewers on this site forgives Willie Horton of crimes against women in an effort to discredit Michael Moore. Of course there are going to be a handful of negative reviews when some people are so willing to bend over backwards to find a problem with Michael Moore. There are, however, also some very, very good reviews, and I would encourage visitors of amazon.com to consider the agenda of those people who have attempted to drive down sales of this item through negative feedback. Rather than encouraging people to become informed from a variety of ideological sources, conservatives have made it their mission to stiffle liberal ideas. I would personally suggest that you watch this movie and also read something like Ann Coulter's "Slander," and then make up your own mind, rather than having it made up for you by a lack of information. Also, to say that this film is "liberal" in the common sense of the term is a misrepresentation. In most ways it is liberal, except that it is a film about the dangers of gun violence and it quite specifically DOES NOT SUPPORT GUN CONTROL. I think that Michael Moore likely started filming with every intention of making a movie about the wonders of gun control, but what he found in his investigation steered him away from this ideology. This is a sign of the open-mindedness with which Mr. Moore approaches a liberal agenda. I was impressed to see one of the staples of liberal-dom, gun control, thrown out upon further investigation. Mr. Moore recognized that other concerns had more impact on the issues that he was discussing. As to the meat of the film, it would be inappropriate to ruin anything specifically. Michael Moore's presentation of the issues is so ingenious that to hint at his method of approach would do the film a disservice. What I can say is that there is an animated history lesson that should be shown in every school, an interview with Charlton Heston that should be shown to every closet racist, and a segment about Canada that should encourage Americans to travel even in the face of SARS. This is a fine film. It is easily one of the most thought provoking and entertaining films of recent years.     