 I, like so many people I know who later became huge fans of the series, was initially convinced that the show was nothing but teenage horror nonsense, similar more to "Idle Hands" than Shakespeare. This opinion was, needless to say, unforgivably uninformed. I took the silliness of the title, my giant lack of feelings toward the movie of the same name, and the caricatures put forth by the equally uninformed, and created for myself a negative mental picture of the show. The picture carried me straight through the first season of the show, as I, in my great ignorance, did not watch Buffy. A couple of episodes into the second season, however, the naysayers started to get shouted down, and Buffy became a force to be denied no longer. I had to try it, if only to have fuel for my anti-Buffy arguments with friends. The first episode that I watched was "School Hard," in which Spike and Drusilla first arrive in Sunnydale. It was a huge episode, full of action, adventure, suspense, humor, and high drama. Oddly enough, though, impressed as I was by those elements, it seemed like there was a deeper reason and meaning to everything, and even in the most plot-centered of moments, the characters shone through as real and interesting people, including the villains. That impressed me even more. I then watched the next episode on the very next week, entitled "Inca Mummy Girl." I had a lot of fun with that episode as well, thinking that surely it was another of Buffy's greatest episodes. Other television wasn't like this. Surely Buffy wasn't consistently like this either. As I later discovered, "Inca Mummy Girl" was actually very much a substandard episode for the series, and yet still it was better than anything else on television.  I've always thought that the most impressive thing that a television show can do is to win over someone who is only watching it for evidence by which to condemn it. That is exactly what Buffy did for me. Throughout the second season Buffy kept up its excellence, reaching even higher highs that the first appearance of Spike, and making other television look about as unappealing as food poisoning.  Just try this package of episodes. Rent it if you're unsure. Borrow it from a friend and ask them what episode they recommend that you watch first. I would pick "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered," for its humor. Just give Buffy a chance. No one who gives it a chance once ever stops watching.     