 Dave Eggers wrote a really great 300 page book. It's the other 150 pages that I question. At the end the book tails off and disintegrates before the reader's eyes, which is, in a way, more disappointing than if it had never been brilliant in the first place. In the middle of the book there is a lengthy chapter posing as Dave Eggers's interview with the people at MTV's "The Real World" and that is the point that I have traced the trouble back to. The chapter is overly long and clearly put on. It is a cheep way to string together a variety of stories that made no sense in the book, and the unique genious of which Mr. Eggers seeks to stun his audiance with, but does not since there is little unique genious to speak of. The ploy does not work. More disturbing is the point midway through the chapter when Eggers chooses to comment on the fact that the entire chapter is a cheep put-on, there only for the sake of being there. Even more disturbing is the fact that his comment is dropped "slyly" into the narative, with characters breaking out of themselves to explain the motivation behind the book to its readers. After that  chapter Mr. Eggers begins to employ this device quite often, including a lengthy, English proffesor-style diatribe on the faults in his writing style spoken by his young brother randomly in a later scene. The device grows increasingly agrivating over time, particularly as it starts to take on even more of a wink-wink, nudge-nudge attitude in the later chapters. Dave Eggers was proud of himself to no end for repeatedly explaining his book to the reader in this cutesy fashion. The general recogntion of his own creativity was what sparked the memoir's downfall.  The first half or three quarters of the book is loveable, sweet, funny, interesting, and recognizable enough in its emotion to make the reader feel like the events in Mr. Eggers's life had happened to them in some form. There are entire scenes in the book that I laughed over for days, as well as thousands of off-handed comments that added immensely to the flavor of the early portions of the book. Its too bad that I cannot fully recommend the book after having liked so much of it so well.     