 Lolita.  Fifty years after it was written, the name alone carries a variety of connotations.  Nabokov hooks you early with all the dark but titillating subject matter and all the clever wordplay.  And his allusions to Joyce, Proust, Flaubert and just about everything under the sun, should keep lit profs and lit critics busy for centuries.  But I am but a humble reader, and for me the story flags near the end, just as I most want to know what's going to happen.  Nevertheless, I can honestly say I've read very few books as beautifully or cleverly written in the English language.  With the exception of Shakespeare, whose English is of another era, only Dickens has a greater command of the language and compares favorably.  But it's not always clear what Nabokov is saying, let alone what he is alluding to.  You really need a strong background in world literature to get the full appreciation.  The references come often, and they often come in French.  I haven't read any of Proust or Joyce for instance.  It certainly would have helped.  It was fortunate that I had recently read Madame Bovary, as he makes references to it as well.  He also alludes to his own works.  But please don't be put off.  You don't have to speak French, and you don't have to be a lit prof to enjoy the story.  Still, read it especially for the language.  I don't usually recommend books for their writing alone.  This is a rare exception.  Sure, the insights into a criminal mind and the look at America from a European's perspective are interesting, but the language, oh my god, the language.  It's mindboggling!  Considering that English was a second or third language for him, I can only imagine what Nabokov's writing must have been like in his native Russian.  Twain, Hemingway, Faulkner, Poe, James, Steinbeck, Updike, Oates -- when it comes to beautiful writing, they don't hold a candle to Nabokov.  He puts them all to shame.  It's not always easy, but it's always original and arresting.  See for yourself.       