 Talk about eye-opening (perhaps mostly because I'm white and hispanic), that phrase doesn't even begin to describe the provocative insights Jones delivers in this wonderful novel. With total mastery (no pun intended), without preaching or condescension, Jones shines a spotlight on the institution of slavery and especially on the mindset required to keep such a thorn in the side of so many black Americans for so long in our so-called "nation under God."  While Jones is not a wordsmith on the level of Shakespeare or even, say, Michel Faber or Ian McEwan here, and the occasional word or turn of phrase might jar the ear of an old English school marm, the simplicity of the prose fits like a glove, and the vividness of the many horrifying incidents more than adequately compensates.  Of course, it's not without fault. As Jonathan Yardley accurately observed in his glowing review for Washington Post Book World ...   "The novel is ... immensely populous -- at moments one wishes for a scorecard to keep up with all the people -- but it has no central character."   That is my only real criticism. It is hard to keep up at times. The story demands your attention and is best read in larger, rather than smaller doses, to better keep up with all the characters and how they fit in. A family tree in the opening pages may have helped. But no matter, the real central character is slavery itself and its many accompanying and enabling contradictions.  While one finds traces (or at least the influences) of Faulkner and Marquez and Morrison here, Jones' voice seems to be unique, and to me, at least, derives most of its power from a deft use of irony and juxtaposition. It is an irony that comes in all shades and sizes, from ironic character names like Moses and ironic characters like black preachers, to the still greater irony of "free" blacks owning their own black slaves. One of the more interesting characters is the sheriff, John Skiffington, a Christian man who regularly reads the Bible, tries to do the right thing and interprets and enforces the law as morally as he knows how. Skiffington marries a college-educated northern liberal white woman who is put off by the idea of owning a slave, but when the couple receive a 9-year-old girl as a "wedding present," they quickly adjust to antebellum Southern living. Skiffington struggles with his views and a variety of emotions, but in the end serves to reveal that the main problem with slavery is that because it was government endorsed, it was next to impossible for people with even the best of intentions to ever do the right thing. Everyone, whether they owned slaves or not comes out a villain. It was even harder when the law -- which men like Skiffington (or worse, men like his cousin "Counsel") enforce -- has to take sides between masters and their "property," regardless of the colors involved.   This is a book that will undoubtedly inspire a thousand dissertations, but don't be put off, it is no history or sociology text. It is a powerful story, a page turner that the average eighth grader can read and understand, most high schoolers can enjoy and you won't want to put down. But you will also want to savor it, not just lick your way through it. There are no stereotypes here and a great deal to think about. What is particularly interesting is how easily, without any exposition at all, Jones gives us greater insights into the plight and mindset of modern black Americans by depicting their history. And while I'm sure there is plenty of anger under the surface, Jones doesn't let it show. His view is detached, even somewhat morally ambiguous at times.   Bravo, Edward P. Jones!! You've written a novel that I'm sure will be found alongside "Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Absalom, Absalom!" and "Beloved" 200 or 300 years from now. It is easily the best and most thought-provoking novel I've read in many years, and will surely become an American classic.      