 I've read many a great novel, both classic and contemporary, but until I read Swann's Way, I had never before been tempted to take a highlighter to a book.  Never has an author been able to squeeze so much out of so little.  Like Shakespeare, so much of Proust's genius lies in observing and explaining complex human  emotion.  Unlike Shakespeare, though, Proust believes in using everyday events for this purpose.  And rather than explaining thoughts and emotions through action on a stage, Proust takes the reader directly into his characters' thoughts.  While the plot may not take you away, his insights are genius.  Yes, sometimes he describes scenery in too much detail for my tastes (don't get him started on flowers, music or architecture), but his understanding of the human heart is peerless.  This is all the more astounding when you consider how much of his life Proust spent bedridden.  Swann's Way is an absolute miracle of literature, but having said that, I must also admit that it's not for most readers.  Most people will not have the patience to decipher Proust's excessively long and complex sentences before they simply throw the book into the fireplace.  Most people will not be impressed by how much detail Proust uses to describe something as seemingly simple, on the surface at least, as neighborhood gossip, dipping cake into a cup of tea or the architecture of a church steeple.  I'll give it five stars, but most people won't get past the first 25 pages.  I also struggled with some of the lengthy descriptions, and had to set it aside or force myself through parts of it.  So when I say most people won't enjoy it, that's not to congratulate myself, it's just being honest.  I can't imagine the millions who enjoy watching "Survivor" or WWE wrestling or who love "People Magazine" ever even hearing about Proust, let alone buying Swann's Way.  And how many of those that do dare to buy it on this or any other recommendation, will get past the Combray section and continue reading?  Very few, indeed.  That's really a shame, because this is one of the greatest works of literature ever published anywhere.       