 I've adored the Dyson brand since borrowing my mother's DC 07 early this year.  Prior to that I watched the ads on TV and thought 'Yeah... right."    After a ten day trial while I puppy-sat her Pomeranian, I was hooked!  I have a cat, two dogs, a messy husband and a 7 year old. We live in the country and life gets...'dirty'.  I have tried many vacuums, but never been pleased with the way they cleaned my floors until now.  I took a run through my house with my other vacuum only 12 hours before I put the Dyson to the test and I was disgusted by the amount of fine dirt and animal hair it got out of my carpets.  I found that it did equally well on hard floors and never kicked back particles towards my feet like other vacuums have in the past.  The Dyson full-kit comes with an extra life-time filter (one is alreay in the machine and easily accessible to take out and clean once every 6 months or so),and every possible attachment.  I tried the power head on my furniture and was amazed by how well it worked! Powered by the Dyson's suction... this does better than any of my other vacuumes, including the handhelds that I bought specifically for this purpose!  The Dyson is big and fairly heavy, and my refurb came without a spring to keep a specific part in place.  It looked like brand new, and since it worked great I knew I would keep it, but I did call Dyson about the spring and was UPS'ed a brand new wand portion of the Dyson for free, under the refurb warranty.  The Dyson, attachments and manual come with the Dyson in a brown box.  The book that comes with it tells you how to assemble it and how to clean the filters.  You can also find the book in PDF format online.    With the prices of NEW Dyson products being so high, the refurbished units were the only option for me.  I'm so happy with my purchase and as always, Amazon is the place to get them!  This Full Kit is the best buy at $295 delivered.  Check out the price on a replacement lifetime filter, the power head and other parts and you'll soon be convinced of the deal.  The other GREAT thing I love about using the Dyson is that you never 'smell' the stuff that the Dyson is stirring up!  The carpets look cleaner, the house smells better and I have noticed that the amount of dust in the house is much less.  If you are an allergy sufferer or have pets and kids... buy this vacuum.  You will NOT be disappointed in the way it works or the overall value from Amazon.      