    I remember the time of the Yorkshire Ripper. I was 12 yrs to 17 yrs old and at school we felt a kind of juvinile morbid delight every time there was a new killing. I remember seeing Sutcliffs photo for the first time and thinking how he looked just like the photofits I'd seen on the telly and wasn't it strange that someone who looked so like the photofits wasn't caught for so long. Also I remember the taped voice and really BELIEVING that it was the voice of the Ripper.It was strange how for some people The Yorkshire Ripper cast his shadow over the whole of England not just the Northeast. It was facinating reading this book and seeing all the behind the scenes incompetence from the upper echelons of the West Yorkshire Police. At one stage they tried looking at over fifty thousand vehicles for tyres that matched trackmarks left at murder scenes but the top brass never prioritised the search. The upper brass cancelled the search after thirty thousand cars had been checked- many of them women owners etc. who could have been checked later. A Detective Constable called Laptew handed a report in which virtually fingered Sutcliff but, because he got his bosses back up at the same time, the report was filed and ignored and then "lost" when there was an enquiry. The incompetence of the upper ranks of the police was beyond belief. For me, this is what made this a great book. I felt very sad reading about these poor desparate women and their deaths and still have a kind of morbid fascination (I think we all do)for the killings but the overiding factor in the book is the police manhunt and their incompetence though the author is very kind to them- he probably made promises to get his research. The police manhunt takes place in a different world than today with no computers etc. so no national pooling of information or experience. You just get the feeling that although the book says that Hoban, Oldfield and Holland are good coppers, they reached their exalted positions through politics rather than brilliance.    I read this book in just a few days.A fascinating read.      