    I know that Rosamunde Pilcher was asked by her publishers to write a longer novel than her previous ones. The result is a short story (a couple of hundred pages perhaps) and just loads of what I see as filler matierial. The book centres around Penelope Keeling who is sixty- four and the daughter of an artist who's work went for pennies while he was alive but now goes for thousands (early 1980's). Penelope has a handful of his work left including The Shell Seekers. Two of her three kids, Nancy and Noel, selfishly want the painting sold and a third, Olivia, doesn't care. At first when I began reading this book I was excited- I saw several hundred pages in front of me and thought 'Wow, this is gonna be good'. Little did I know that basically that was it! The author went back in time to WW2 and beyond to build up depth of character for Penelope and to stop us, perhaps from seeing her as just an old woman. What I have a big problem with in the book are questions I think the author did not intend. That is mainly Olivia who is written about as being special to Penelope, more so than Noel or Nancy, and the author excuses it. But I know that in real life siblings pick up on this. Nancy and Noel were portrayed as shallow monsters but I can hardly blame them if they've grown up feeling second best to Olivia. The author does put a little word-service into Olivia not being perfect herself with her 'I'm alright, Jack' attitude towards her siblings. Penelope doesn't seem to realise that if Nancy and Noel aren't what she'd hoped for then Penelope herself has failed them. But all of this really could have been done in just a couple of hundred pages but then her publishers wouldn't have got their longer book. One more thing, trying not to spoil anything, one character has a so-called life shattering illness- but it isn't. I know people with the illness and, really, for most it's no big deal, and the character would be one of the most. I so wanted this book to be a good'un, and thought it would be at the start but I'm afraid it was light, and boring and empty I just can't recommend it.     