 Jeffersonian democratic faith was sabotaged by the Second Great Awakening and by an unparallel industrial growth: the Awakening cut dry the secular faith in human order and the industrial growth further divided workers from employers. This is what Joyce Appleby nostalgically perceived that happened after the glorious victory of American new Republicanism powerfully emerged in 1800. Her attempt to jointly explain the economic and ideological transformation experienced in the U. S. at the turn of the century have the tendency to present the two opposing political orientations as highly cohesive in themselves. In 1790s the Federalists defended the traditional concept of society of distrust in the human being in which laws are to maintain a certain social order and in which virtue was the quality of unselfish concern for community. The Jeffersonians, in the other hand, promoted the idea of limiting government and engendering egalitarian goals. One of Appleby's main contributions is the idea that the Jeffersonians were open to economic development. Indeed, economic development and political democracy complemented and reinforced each other.  Appleby's assertion rejects traditional American history. Advanced economic development has usually been portrayed as encouraged by the elitist Federalist Party for the benefit of a small socio-economic elite. The democratic Jeffersonian Republicans, on the other hand, have traditionally been identified as agrarians and as inheritors of an English country tradition. It is against this backdrop of historiography that Appleby's works makes more sense and appears to contribute. To make her point forcibly understood, Appleby make it clear that Englishmen did not "travel lightly" when they left their English ports toward America. They carried with them the ideas of a conservative society. The ideas that motivated colonial leaders were ancient ones going back to classical texts of politics. Classical theory emphasized the fragility of society; that society was composed by the talented few and the ordinary many. Appleby asserts that there were indications of strong Europeanization: to lose one's access to property at a time of rising land prices and the consequently breach among classes. And it was not until their idea of being an Englishman differed from the one held in Britain than Americans were forced to defined theirs separately. Their idea of an unselfish virtuous man evolved into the concept of self-interest benefiting society by the natural balance of collective interest. The advanced ideas of free trade that would provide the foundation for American capitalism were at the base of this Jeffersonian utopia too. Undoubtedly, Appleby's book reflects a movement against the fascination of modern liberals for the civic unselfishness of Classical Republicans.  Despite Appleby's well-organized lines of arguments, even the non-expert may notice some inconsistencies. First, the reader may be struck by the ideological (and emotional) unity Federalist had in 1790s, as presented by Appleby. How could a politicized group of leaders felt completely pessimistic about the future of their new nation at once? My understanding of James Madison's attitude toward the future was not a bright one. He believed that excess of population would lead to large numbers of poor landless, and this does not seem to compliment Appleby's Jeffersonian positivism. Secondly, even Jeffersonian positivism was not monolithic since John Taylor of Caroline was fearful of the minority self-interests. Thirdly, Jeffersonian strong opposition against the national bank and to the growth of national economy is not convincingly reconciled with their acceptance of national capitalism in Appleby's book.     