 Atkins and Wilson's latest work is the zenith of a long first-class collaboration in the area of US-Dominican history.  Their vast inside-knowledge and accessibility to sources and personalities is what few  scholars achieve, but most want.  Probably because of it, this book appears  to fit in the center of Dominican historiography.  The authors managed to  quote a variety of authors extensively, without directly putting schools of  thought against each other.  Indeed, the book's theoretical structure does  not fit perfectly neither with the classical diffusionist-modernization  school nor with dependencism, much less with post-structuralism.  The book  is honest about US imperialism, racism, greed, and highlights the role of  North American evils.  Actually, the reader might get the impression of an  imperial confession in the company of a genuine effort to understand the  context of US and Dominican relations-a progressive approach!  This feeling  is reinforced by an attempt on the authors to include cultural elements  into what is, basically, a political and diplomatic history. They have  sections about identity, cultural exchange, baseball, race and society.  In  their stories, the reader will find examples (albeit short and sketchy) of  how Dominican people and governments have adapted to adverse circumstances,  how they have manipulated powerful nations despite their size, and how they  have resisted oppression admirably.  We certainly needed an attempt to  exhaustively cover the US involvement in Dominican territory.  Moreover,  notwithstanding that Balaguer and Trujillo's treatments are the best by  far, both authors touch on all the high points, most of the middle ones,  and even some less celebrated aspects of Dominican history since the 19th  century.  And despite the heavy use of passive voice on the first two  chapters, the organization of the book makes it easy reading for  undergraduates. In their efforts to bring an inclusive coverage of the  US-Dominican relations, Atkins and Wilson went back to early colonial  periods.  The readers learn how the island evolved to include two  countries, and how Haiti's slave revolution helped determine the future of  the entire island.  The book also highlights the importance of the period  up to General Ulises "Lils" Heureaux, when Dominicans were  trying to identify themselves against Haitians, and how international  powers played an important role in shaping the country's history.   Moreover, in order to understand US 20th century involvement in the island  the book places crucial value to the events leading to the 1916  intervention.  Yet, despite the importance of the 19th century, the authors  relied mostly on secondary sources to write these chapters.  The focus of  the book is clearly the 20th century.  When Trujillo, Balaguer and current  politics is the subject, the reading is undeniably engaging.  At this  level, the authors provide solid support with primary sources for their  narratives and arguments.  These topics, after all, have been their  research interest for years, and have likewise attracted much attention  from the academic community. Curiously, qualitative attention to the 20th  century may have shaped the book's main argument.  Focus on the US  non-interventionist policy from the 1930s and again right after the 1965  intervention (an "oops") may have suggested the writers that  North Americans have been doing their best in controlling their tendency to  introduce their legs in Dominican affairs.  An apologetic bias (from the  Greek "to defend" or "to explain out") that emerges  from this approach is nowhere more evident than in their efforts to free as  much as possible the US from the notorious responsibility of bringing  Trujillo to power (59-64).  If asked to summarize the message of this book  in two sentences, despite all the injustices that this entails, the answer  by necessity will include a progressive dichotomy in North American  imperialism.  This reviewer' summary: The US acted imperialistically and  intruded in Dominican Republic because of its perennial instability, its  failure in making payments, its location within the North American  perimeter of influence, and the numerous and constant international  pressures (European involvement in Latin America, first and second World  Wars, the Cold War, the 1990s "Haitian problem" etc.).  However,  the circumstances since 1966 are not imperialistic since they do not  involve direct policy intervention in Dominican affairs-and most Dominicans  feel comfortable with it!  To most readers this might make plain sense, but  to those with at least a small dose of Gramscian skepticism, this may sound  as a new ingenious and accommodating strand of diffusionism, neo-liberalism  or modernist approach to history.  Where is the clearly explained  relationship (causes and consequences) of years of recurring and assorted  foreign interventions to Dominican internal instability, habitual tendency  of loan grabbing-defaulting, and stubborn regionalisms?  It is true that  Atkins and Wilson do not directly excuse North American interventions.   Actually, they criticize it and honestly unveil the rampant racism, avarice  and demeaning manners in some US policies and diplomats.  Yet, the book's  literary structure arranges historical events in a way that may produce in  the reader the idea that, after all, it was the Dominicans who attracted  intervention.  Consequently, (following the logic of this thought) if they  would not have been clamoring for European protection; if they would have  stayed quiet and kept a democratic government running; and most  importantly, if they would have at least tried to maintain the interest  payment on their foreign debt, most surely the US would never have  intervened.  Unfortunately, by trying to explain political behavior in a  vacuum, (with only a modest relation to US-Dominican identities, economic  circumstances, survival tactics, cultural values, etc.) the Dominican  predicament not only looks simplistic, moreover, it looks deserving!  There  is a lesson here that serves us for when we get the call to choose between  a history that supports status quo (which promotes complacency), and a  history that rocks its foundations (with the added warning against  presumption). In the hands of a creative teacher, then, Atkins and Wilson's  book is certainly a practical book for undergraduate and graduate courses  in US imperialism and Dominican history.  Furthermore, however, this work  is an excellent introduction to anybody interested on the subject.     