 Don't be an Apologist for Evil. Although well written, this book does not deserve to be read. The arguments expressed in this book are part of an effort by the neo-conservative right in the USA to bring some sort of intellectual support for their fascist policy. The editor is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institute which is a premier conservative think tank. Understand first that this think tank belongs to a family of other millionaire endowments to fund a new era of conservatism, which we are now experiencing. It was just a matter of time for a book like this to make its appearance since these pseudo-scholars, apologists of the current power structure, have been attacking each form of challenge to the types of regimes embodied by the Bush administration. This new one, Anti-Americanism abroad, has been now categorized as a cultural development outside of our borders that can be summarized in these words "pathological envy towards USA success."  While reading this book I could not stay calm and peaceful. The way it diminish the suffering and anger of those at the other end of capitalism and Americanism was simply pathetic.   To come up with intellectual arguments for oppression is nothing new. In the 16th Century one of the leading intellectuals of Europe came with the strongest logical defense for the conquest of the natives in the Americas. Juan Gins de Sepulveda, an Aristotle scholar, presented very persuasive arguments to support the way the Europeans were treating the American natives, while on the other side of the argument was Bartolome de las Casas, protecting not the rights of the rich and greedy, but defending the rights of the natives. Las Casas had lived with the natives, have seen the injustices that the Europeans had done to them, and had changed his own ways to become a defender of the underdog. Sepulveda had never crossed the Atlantic and did not care for the wellbeing of non-Europeans that he believed to be inferior. Sepulveda won the majority of the opinions in Europe; no wonder, because it defended their status quo. Yet, today he is remembered as the pig that used scholarship to defend evil.   Today Paul Hollander stands in the same tradition as Sepulveda. He has not lived with the poor in the poor countries. He had never had trash as his regular diet. He has never know what is to be uprooted, taken up to the maquiladoras, raped by the managers paid by international corporations who make the cheap TVs we enjoy in the US, and been stuck FOREVER in such a condition of despair with no way out. He has never tried to lead a nation out of the status of "under-developed," using the neo-liberal policies stipulated by the USA. By the way, no poor country has ever been able to come up from such a status using these neo-liberal policies.   It is very easy for us living in the richest nations of the world to create all kinds of arguments as to why other people are mad at us. We can use parts of anthropological researches and paradigms (like they do in this book), making sure that those elements of compassion now present in most anthropological works are out, and create the most logical and convincing arguments as to why the underdog is mad! Look at these arguments: "They are mad because they have become used to complain to the point that it is already part of their culture and way of living and thinking." "Complaining against the USA help them forget about their problem, so it is a cheap way to blame the other instead of finding a way out on their own."  If you care for the wellbeing of this world, don't read this book if you don't want to be mad too. If you want to understand the arguments of the neo-conservative right in order to counter them and know what the majority of the blind voters in the US are thinking, then read it, but do it with some sort of escape-valve so you can survive and not die of a heart attack. If you are in doubt, and really want to understand what those who are complaining about USA policy abroad, look for authors like Juyan Zhang from the Washington Observer weekly, and authors with a deep understanding of the world like Rosemary Foot, S. Neil MacFarlane, Michael Mastanduno, Michael Hardt, and Antonio Negri.   Avoid triumphalist historians and scholars who write the type of history and political books that make the comfortable feel more relaxed and justified. Think seriously and be brave to look at the real world behind the curtain-the world the matrix does not want you to see. Just then you would be compelled to take steps to change that world. On the meantime, you will seat down in your comfy chair pitying those less fortunate than you who live outside of our borders, but thinking that after all they deserve their condition. [...]     