 Dear prospective reader, do not waste your time and money with this book. Notwithstanding the disrespect to Puerto Ricans and the lack of professionalism this book exerts, its main arguments stumble on their own feet.    The principal author is an individual bought entirely into the idea that the exact opposite of the socialism that he lived under the Soviets should be the solution to all the world's problems is trying to scare North Americans by telling them that they are losing money with Puerto Rico not paying federal taxes. The money he is talking about is the money that would have arrived to the federal coffers, which is the same money that Reganonmics are saying the government does not need. Pay attention to one of the many contradictions: if Laffer has made a career arguing that the federal government does not need that much taxes (he has argued for the relieving of the tax burden for the rich), why would this book complain that Puerto Rico is not paying federal taxes? Would not this be the ideal state? Yet, sarcasm aside, the book dwells excessively on the fact that PR is not contributing to the federal coffers without explaining the reasons why this is so. The fact that the Odishelidze neither knows the history nor he understands the economic, politics and social conditions of the Estado Libre Asociado (the title in Spanish captures the reality better than the English name), and Laffer chooses to ignore it, preordained the complete failure of this book's logic.   This book, in brief, is a product of the right wing machinery that has assaulted the world so effectively (with numerous Think-Tanks, Blogs, and preposterous publishing houses funded with the inexhaustible source of Republican money) with blatant distortions of the truth. Yes, the pharmaceuticals are making tons of money on the island-money that otherwise would have ended up as taxes for the federal government. Yet, the main argument of the book (that it is better for the US to incorporate the island, and that Puerto Ricans would get out of their slumber only with a rude statehood awakening) neglects to consider that the main purpose of the federal government with its current neoliberal ideology is simply to protect the profit of big business and not to debilitate them. So, with the usual stupidity of books written by people who do not know what (carajo) they are writing about, this book is just a soft (plasta) statement in the middle of the way. Please, ignore it unless you want to be part of the large mass of people blindly marching at the rhythm of this current imperial regime.      