 The best part of the Yoga Zone series is the level of instruction in how to perform the poses.  Alan Finger and his crew understand that mere observation and vague, vapid monologues about relaxation and breathing do not sufficiently explain yoga poses and practices.  Yoga Zone instructors do point out how yoga can lead to inner harmony and abstract notions of spirituality and being, but the majority of the series is spent telling and showing you how to perform yoga safely, emphasizing that yoga is not about competition with others, but with the self.  Some instructors are better than others, and some routines feel like repetitions of other DVDs.  I am writing this introduction to all of the Yoga Zone DVDs I own.  The following pertains to this particular DVD.  Yoga Zone's Power Yoga for Strength and Endurance can be very challenging for yoga beginners, those who have weak legs and a weak back, and especially for those who are overweight.  The routine is divided into two sections - one that builds heat and strength in your system and one that challenges your balance.  The overall routine relies heavily on the muscular strength and endurance of one's legs.  Expect to get sweaty doing this program.  The poses and exercises are performed in full and modified forms, but one should be aware that the modified forms are not necessarily easy.  I have lost seven pounds since beginning this program, and the extra weight I started with made some of the poses difficult to perform.  As I lost weight (and my stomach and waistline decreased), I began to be more comfortable while doing the routine.  The instructor is Lisa Bennett.  She has a pleasant voice and explains poses thoroughly (if a bit quickly).  She seems like a real person and does not speak over your head or get all mystical.  After all, power yoga is work, and one needs an encouraging coach to perform work, not a spiritual leader (which is often appropriate for other kinds of yoga routines).  Lisa Bennett is definitely a good coach and instructor, and this DVD is a fine addition to your yoga video collection.     