 Speed 2 was the only movie I ever walked out of.  Out of sheer will, I stayed for the entirety of Ultraviolet.  There is nothing at all redemptive about this movie.  It manages the impossible by making Milla Jovovich un-sexy.  She does not look like a real woman.  Through the soft focus lens, her face appears as lamely computer-generated and un-textured as the rest of the film.  Jovovich's unique face is composed of hard angles that create interesting shadows.  Why would you mess with that?  A toned midriff cannot carry a movie.  Either Jovovich cannot act or she needs a new agent.  The script was absolutely non-existent, but somehow William Fichtner (poor guy needs a new agent, too; he's a good actor) barely comes away clean.  Everyone else in the film cannot makes heads or tails of their lines, and it is clear that they have no idea who their characters are, what they are doing, or why they are doing it.  The music is mind-numbing and entirely uninteresting.  If you like techno/trance/beat music, this is for you.  The "action" sequences were all the same.  Every single one.  There was no tension prior to a fight scene.  Everyone who challenged Violet either got in a circle or lined up to die.  The universe of Ultraviolet exists without explanation, despite the attempt at exposition by Violet.  The audience has no sense of why and how things work: Why do you need helicopters and helicopter blades in a world where motorcycles can defy gravity?  Why do some characters have to carry around their guns and other ones can hide them in some sort of personal cyberspace?  Perhaps most infuriating is the laziness of the film.  There was no attempt to flesh out a story, just buzzwords like "virus" and "vampires."  Maybe the director and producers thought the audience hadn't seen Underworld, it's sequel, Aeon Flux, and The Matrix.  Or maybe they did, and that's why they didn't bother to tell a different story or to even tell a story at all.  It's been done before, and it's been done much better.     