 This is a book that provided additional information on Iranian F-14s, a topic that is rarely covered.  Cooper and Bishop provided perspectives from Iranian pilots, views that are essentially ignored because these neither fit general military analysis, Iraq POV, nor the official Iranian government positions.  Anyone who studied or read air combat accounts knows that, there are always uncertainties on air combat records, whether it's due to propaganda or fog of war.  You usually have to look at stories from different sides to get a more complete picture.  Therefore, Cooper and Bishop's efforts are greatly appreciated, even if they are not verifiable or totally correct (and with obvious Iranian pilot bias - not necessarily a bad thing if you know that upfront).    Having said that, I'd like to provide some additional info in response to Mr. Forczyk's review (even though I'm not military intelligence officer like him).  The attitude from Cooper stems from the fact that he and Bishop's works are often belittled and ridiculed by others, including US military aviators.  This bounds to make a person unhappy, especially when there are declassified US government documents to support some of his claims.  Although Mr. Forczyk raised some reasonable doubts, such as no independent verification of these accounts and no details explaination about sources, I think he forgets that this is supposed to be an original work with first-hand sources.  It's hardly surprising that this account is different from the Iranian government's account, since there is politic involved (FYI, Bishop and Cooper's work appears to be banned or at least unwelcomed by Iranian government).  Saying  "These are the same guys who lie to the world every day about their nuclear program, isn't it?" doesn't make much sense.  What does Iranian government's nuclear program and propaganda has anything to do with the words of pilots their government dislike?  Having contacts with former Iranian air force pilots (some no longer in Iran) is not the same as "pretty cozy with the Iranian Government", I don't think that's a right assumption.  Furthermore, I think it is a big jump to say that F-14's superior performance in Iraq-Iran war is impossible because otherwise Iran would have won by aerial bombing.  The way Iraq and Iran used air power is very different from US traditional thinking (especially the post Desert Storm type).  Air power simply isn't a decisive factor in Iraqi and Iranian minds, Saddam didn't say "Air Force has never been a decisive factor in the history of wars" without reason.  During the Iraq-Iran war, Iraq perfected the underground and passive defense.  Able to shoot down enemy aircraft in some air combats doesn't guarantee that you have impressive SEAD capability, and Iran certainly did not have US technology advantages displayed during Desert Storm.  Mr. Forczyk forgets that Iran and Iraq both used Ballistic missiles to bomb each other's cities, that didn't have any cease fire effects.  So why should F-14s, F-4, and F-5 with limited load and no PGM able to achieve greater results, given the air defense threats?  Given these questionable assumptions, I think Mr. Forczyk's two stars is a bit unfair to the authors.  In sum, I'd say this book is certainly worth a look for anyone interested in F-14 or Iraq/Iran war, even though you may not accept all of its views.  I give this book 3.5 stars - One for stuffing a lot of interesting info in a small book, one for interesting/rare photos, one for originality and going into a relatively untouched subject, and another half star for its potential value (if most content prove to be true...)     