 Ms. McKennitt is probably the most talented of the new-age/world-music divas who became so popular in the 80s and 90s. And while she has produced a number of excellent albums during her career, The Mask and Mirror is almost certainly her best work to date. These eight songs strike an ideal balance between the pop music influences that weigh more heavily in her later work and the traditional Celtic roots of her early albums. Also, around the time this album was released she was just beginning to experiment with Middle Eastern tones and rhythms; the fusion between the Celtic stylings and the Middle Eastern instruments is wonderful, certainly the best she has achieved so far. The Mask and Mirror is a brilliant mood piece. It doesn't fit neatly into a particular category or genre, but the melodies are so beautiful that this doesn't seem to matter one whit. There are some albums and some artists who manage to transcend traditional genres... Loreena McKennitt is one of these. The music roams the world but is at the same time both cosmopolitan and thoroughly unified. The variety of instruments is superb, with arrangements that are broad and poetic without ever feeling haphazard. Of course, the best instrument of all is Ms. McKennitt's voice, which soars above and sails through the instrumental arrangements of the songs like the aural embodiment of a visionary spiritual character straight out of her lyrics. There's an evocative feel that permeats the music, hearkening back to somewhere in the middle of the 15th century. The songs are is in many ways extremely literate (or at least literary-- the focus of her influences is sometimes a little narrowly defined). Most people will be familiar with the Shakespeare passages in the last song, "Prospero's Speech." Much more unusual are the beautiful Yeats poem used in "The Two Trees" and also the quotes from the mystic St. John of the Cross's work used as lyrics for "The Dark Night of the Soul." In fact, there's a common mystic strain in all of these literary references, and the album makes a wonderfully appropriate soundtrack for readings in medieval poetry or mythology. And finally, it's not often that the liner notes are as much fun as the music, but the snatches of diary and gorgeous illustrations in the (typically thick) notes that accompany the album are a delight... their pithy and eclectic character makes me suspect that Ms. McKennitt would make an excellent weblogger!     