 A.S. Byatt is a beautiful stylist. She is capable of writing sentences that are so rich and thick that they have more common ground with poetry than with traditional prose. Her ability to construct evocative scenes full of color and mystery and a sense of lyricism is unparalleled among recent literary novelists. In fact, she is so very good at what she does that on the strength of the virtues of the one Byatt novel I have read, the Booker Prize winning Possession, I was inclined to think that she was some sort of modern literary genius. But unfortunately, it turns out this is not the case. Elementals, a collection of six short stories published in 1999, superficially has a lot in common with Possession. The writing style remains very similar. It is also immediately apparent that the themes which preoccupy Byatt- the juxtaposition of fairytale and real life, obscure literary symbolism, poetry and art- have not changed. But the six short stories in this book don't have the meaning that existed in Possession, nor the depth. They are subtle, yes- but they are preoccupied with their subtelty and so completely lose sight of their meaning. To quote from the last story in the collection, "Christ in the House of Martha and Mary", speaking on the subject of what makes a person's life valuable one of the characters says: "The divide is not between the servants and the served, between the leisured and the workers, but between those who are interested in the world and its multiplicity of forms and forces, and those who merely subsist, worrying or yawning." An admirable philosopy of humanity, in my opinion. But taken to its extreme, as in these stories, then all things can and will be considered of equal interest and value and every form in the multiplicity of forms worthy of equal consideration. Structured meaning disappears. It's the postmodern quandry... if there are no objective standards than there is no objective way to make value-judgements about art, in which case all "art" is equally valuable. And that's the problem that I have with this book: it's a love affair with the senses but not with the soul. The stories presented here are like Jackson Pollock paintings. They are lovely in their arrangement of color, but they are devoid of substance. I believe that literature becomes art only when it reaches the level of selective and carefully informed re-creation. Ms. Byatt selects the most banal of subjects for her pen, seemingly in haphazard fashion. She has a beautiful way with words, but unless she eventually stops merely writing and begins to actually write about something, she will never be an artist.     