 It has been said that 90% of everything is crap. This is not strictly true; for example, 95% of science-fiction is crap. When I was younger I read science-fiction indiscriminately. Now that I am older I'm starting to pay a great deal more attention to questions of literary quality and I often find myself frustrated by the incredibly bad writing in most science-fiction. However, I found that Across Realtime very definitely falls in the remaining 5% that makes sci-fi worth reading: in fact, Vinge has written some of the best genre fiction I have ever read. Across Realtime is actually two closely related novels and a short story. The first novel, The Peace War, introduces Vinge's star concept, the "bobble", and also chronicles the demise of the Peace Authority. Following The Peace War is Vinge's short story The Ungoverned, which introduces contract police officer Wil Brierson, further develops the bobble concept and serves as a nice little tract for the author's libertarian-anarchist political views. Finally, and in my opinion the crown jewel of the book, comes Marooned in Realtime, a masterfully plotted mystery story spanning 50 million years into the future. Marooned in Realtime is centered around Wil Brierson and a small band of friends trying to restart the human race in a post-post-apocalyptic world of decaying high-technology. Marooned is so excellent that it alone is worth the price of admission. I think that there are primarily two reasons for Across Realtime's success. First, the book deals with strong, unique and thoroughly expounded ideas. Almost by definition science-fiction is supposed to deal with ideas, but more often than not the ideas that authors choose to examine are old-hat and stale by the time they deal with them. Vinge's ideas definitely aren't though: the bobbles are a fascinating concept and he handles his post-apocalyptic society with real style. He not only comes up with original ideas but he carries them all the way through to their logical conclusions. He realizes that "ideas have consequences" and that you can't change a society's technology and organization without fundamentally changing the people who live in that society. Secondly, Across Realtime is written with outstanding characterization, especially for a science-fiction novel. The only other sci-fi I've read with better characterization is Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game (which, incidentally, I also highly recommend). All too often the left-brain writers who dominate this genre play fast and loose with their characters, destroying their character believability and thus savaging the value and truth of the entire story. Good characterization requires right-brain and emotional thinking. Even though Vinge is a mathematician and computer-scientist with the University of California in San Diego (really left-brain), he proves that he is more than capable of the kind of thinking that makes for strong characters. The young genius hoodlum Wili, the tinker-scientist Paul Naismith and police officer Wil Brierson are all memorable people and they carry the events of the story very well. The copy of Across Realtime I read seems to be difficult to obtain; I read a copy that my Dad bought through ABE Books for $25. We may have overpaid a little, considering that the book that was originally a $6 paperback, but even so the going rate is easily $18+ from what I've seen on the 'net. If you want to read Across Realtime you can either buy it from Amazon.com for $19 and accept the four to six week wait or you can try to find it used. Highly Recommended.     