 I bought the Crib Shield when my daughter began moving around so much in her sleep that I would find her with her legs sticking dangerously far outside the slats of her crib.  I knew that I didn't want a traditional crib bumper with all its smothering hazards, and I wanted something I could use even when I lowered the bottom of her crib as she got older.  The design of the Crib Shield is fairly simple.  There are two mesh panels that fit the long sides of the crib and two panels that fit the short sides.  Each panel has a satin edge fitted with velcro that goes around the top railing to hold the mesh in place at the top; velcro tabs at the bottom of each panel wrap around vertical crib slats to keep the bottom in place.  Each panel is completely separate from the others, meaning you can adjust them somewhat to fit your particular crib's design.  You can also choose to use one, two, three or all of the panels without compromising the effectiveness or safety of the product.  We have a sleigh-style crib with solid headboard and footboard, so we didn't need to use the short mesh panels at all.  I also decided to hold off on putting a panel on the side of the crib that faces the wall because that's where I hang my daughter's crib toys.  Yes, I could have made small cut-outs in the mesh to allow the hangers of the crib toys to pass through, but since my daughter doesn't really kick her feet out that side of the crib anyway (at least, not yet), I figured I'd wait until it was really necessary before doing that.  In the meantime, because each panel is separate, I've been able to take the three panels that I didn't need for our crib at home and bring them to Grandma's house to put on the portable crib there.  I feel like I've gotten double-duty out of the product - for $30, I would have been disappointed if I could only really use 1 panel out of 4 on my crib and have no use for the other 3 panels.  So far, the Crib Shield seems to be working well.  The mesh makes a nice, taught barrier between the crib slats that my 4 1/2 month old daughter has yet to wiggle an arm or leg through.  Even though the crib mattress is at its highest setting, the mesh fits on the crib easily and without bunching or ruffling.  I won't even need to adjust the mesh when I want to drop the mattress down to a lower setting.  Be warned, though - if you use the Ultimate Crib Sheet on your mattress (which requires that you snap elastic strips around the slats of the crib to hold the sheet in place), the Crib Shield will block access to the slats in the center of each side of the crib, rendering those elastics useless.  I now only use the four corner pieces of elastic plus the elastic on the side without the Crib Shield; I have cut off the elastic pieces on the two solid sides of the crib and the side covered by the Crib Shield.  So far, the sheet seems to stay on perfectly well with only those 5 elastics despite all my daughter's nighttime twisting and turning.  Overall, I highly recommend the Crib Shield.  I sleep better at night knowing my daughter's arms and legs are safely inside her crib and that she's at no risk for smothering.     