 We received this toy as a gift when our daughter was about 3 months old.  I took an immediate dislike to the loud, obnoxious noise the thing made in its "demo" mode, but decided to avoid the hassle of exchanging it and instead brought it to Grandma's house to keep on hand as a toy to use during visits.  Assembly was a real pain.  I've assembled everything from my daughter's exersaucer to an entire walk-in closet system, and I've never had the problems that I had with this thing.  Getting the overhead bar in correctly took ages, and for awhile it looked like it wouldn't snap in firmly at all.  Forget about following the directions for this one.  When attaching the bar, don't screw in the screws completely (as the directions instruct) or you won't be able to move it.  Leave the screws loose, get it snapped into position (the most challenging part, whether it's in the upright infant or the lower toddler position) and then tighten.  Make sure that in the infant setting the bar is completely snapped in on both sides, or it will torque disconcertingly in the direction of the un-snapped end and the base will lift up off the floor and make the toy extremely unstable.  As for playing with the toy, my daughter didn't really have trouble reaching the hanging toys with her feet as some other reviewers' children did.  However, she had to kick the toys just right in order to set off the music and lights, and it would often take several attempts to turn the music and lights on.  The toys also don't move back into their original positions once they've been kicked, so they get progressively farther away and more difficult to trigger every time the baby does manage to kick one.    When it does get going, the toy really is loud and obnoxious.  The music is anything but melodious - it sounds like a bad video game - and did I mention that even on its lowest setting it's still LOUD?  It didn't frighten my daughter the way it did some other reviewers' babies, but I can easily see how it could.  Finally, this toy doesn't stay put.  It doesn't weigh enough to withstand the kicks of the baby using it, so after each kick it slides across the floor and farther out of baby's reach.  I had to sit on the floor next to my daughter and hold the toy in place.  This was on carpet - I can only imagine how much farther it would have slid on hardwood or tile floors!  What this toy needs is an attached fabric "blanket" for the baby to lie down on so the baby's weight would keep the toy from sliding around.  Since my daughter isn't sitting up by herself yet, we haven't tried this toy in its upright position.  However, from what I can see of it, it doesn't do all that much in that setting.  Once the toddler pops the balls off the carousel, they only roll down a short ramp and then stop.  Yes, they set off the lights and music, but there's no "flow" to the balls.  Once they're at the bottom of the short ramp, that's it - there's no place else for them to go.  The toddler can pick them up and fling them around the room, I suppose, but unless an adult is there to pop the toys back into the carousel so the process can start over again, I can see the actual playtime being quite short.  Overall, I'd say don't waste your money on this one, and if you get one as a gift, bring it to an understanding grandparent's house where your child can enjoy it in small doses and with a loving adult nearby to help in the play.     