 I bought this exersaucer when my daughter was 3 months old and had enough head control for an upright toy.  We already had a jumperoo that I had received as a gift, and since she really enjoyed playing in that, I thought an exersaucer (with so many more toys than the jumperoo) would be even more fun.  I also felt that the exersaucer would be a bit easier for her to use at first since at its lowest setting it's lower than the jumperoo and therefore better for slightly smaller children.  At first, the sheer number of toys was extremely overwhelming to my daughter.  She would only stay in the exersaucer for a minute or two before she started to cry.  We kept putting her in for a minute or two every day, and she quickly worked up to sitting in it for five minutes or more.  At this age, she's still not doing much deliberate playing with the toys.  However, the design of the exersaucer and its toys allows her to make a lot of things happen even without really trying.  By facing her towards the interactive book, she manages to trigger the lights and sounds just with her random batting at what's in front of her.  By facing her in the opposite direction, towards the hanging toys, she can easily spin the "kaleidoscope" wheel by herself, and with a little help she can pull the hanging toys to trigger lights and music.  As she continues to grow and develop more dexterity, she will be able to use each of the toys even more fully.  One of my favorite features of this exersaucer, though, is the ability to swap in and out different toys in addition to those that originally came with the SmartSteps.  Three of the included toys (the cell phone, teddy bear and turtle) have interchangeable bases that work with a number of replacement toys.  Each replacement toy (purchased separately) is marked with what kind of educational development it's supposed to encourage, and they cost a very reasonable $3-$8 (approx.) each.  So, for a few dollars extra, you can buy some additional toys to focus on different developmental goals as your child grows and give your child even more to do on this exersaucer.  As for assembly and storage, the exersaucer has a slightly smaller footprint than the jumperoo or the aquarium cradle swing, and I've found it much easier to move from room to room than either the jumperoo or cradle swing.  It also easily collapses into a relatively flat circle, which makes it good to pop in the car and take along as a portable entertainer.  Assembly was easy except for installing the lower (green) legs into the yellow base.  The instructions say to snap all three green tabs into the yellow base.  What the instructions don't say is that if you don't do it in the right order, it's virtually impossible.  When you look at the tabs, you'll see that two are identical to one another and the third looks slightly different.  Snap the different-looking tab in first, and then snap the other two in - it makes the whole process go much more smoothly.  Overall, I highly recommend this exersaucer.  Yes, it costs a few dollars more than the next most expensive brand, but for the tremendous amount of stuff included in it, it really is a bargain.     