 By the time my baby was born, I had three sling-type carriers for her: a Snugli front carrier, a New Native sling (the one Cindy Crawford raved about) and this one.  When my baby was about 2-3 weeks old, I tried her in the New Native, but she hated it.  She kept slipping so far down in the pouch that the fabric fell over her face, and she just didn't like being in a laying-down position at all.  Next, I tried the Snugli.  My baby liked being upright, but the straps of the Snugli cut into my shoulders, and every time my baby fell asleep, her head fell over her shoulder at a 90-degree angle.  I finally tried the UBW, and fell in LOVE!  First let me say I waited so long to try the wrap because I was intimidated.  I watched the video many times and practiced using the wrap with stuffed animals and dolls, but I didn't feel secure enough to try carrying an actual baby in it.  Finally, I met another woman who had an UBW and, after talking with her, I got up the courage to try putting my daughter in it.  Well, it worked like a dream.  I used the tummy-to-tummy carry (the first carry shown on the video) and it was perfect.  My daughter could sit upright facing me (her favorite position) but the wrap provided enough head support that even when she fell sound asleep her head didn't tilt over at all.  (I just made sure to pull the wrap up high over her shoulders and the back of her neck.)  Because the wrap is made of soft t-shirt material, it didn't dig into my shoulders at all.  In fact, you can adjust the width of the material across the shoulders to make it as wide or as narrow as is comfortable for you.  Plus, you wind up carrying your baby much closer to your body in an UBW than in a Snugli-type front carrier, so I found that my back didn't start aching the way it did when using the Snugli.  Finally, the UBW is VERY portable - it even comes with a little drawstring bag with shoulder straps to carry it in.  I found that the secret to successfully using the UBW was to tie it tightly enough but not *too* tightly.  Figuring out the wrapping method itself wasn't too hard - after a few practice sessions I could do it easily, and the video was very helpful for that - but getting the right tension was a bit tricky.  The fabric is quite stretchy, so if I left the tension too loose I would be afraid that my baby would fall out.  As a result, at first I found I tied the wrap too tightly, and I felt my baby was uncomfortable (being squeezed too tightly against me or in the leg area).  With a little practice, though, I got the right tension for my baby and me, and now I couldn't be happier with the UBW.  To make it easier to use several times in one day, I often tie it on once and keep it on even if my baby is out - that way I'm all set to pop her back in at the first sign of her getting fussy.  Bottom line: while the UBW isn't as simple to use at first as many of the other carriers on the market, I think once you get the hang of it it outperforms any other I've found.      