 Before my baby was born, I was given two sling/carrier devices: The Ultimate Baby Wrap and a Snugli front pack.  I tested both out with dolls and didn't feel confident enough with either to want to put my newborn inside.  I decided I wanted the simplest carrier out there, which is why I picked the New Native.  It's basically a fabric pouch that slips over the shoulder.  There are no rings, no straps, no buckles, nothing.  The baby simply sits or lies in the pouch.  Well, for starters my newborn HATED lying down in this.  I couldn't really blame her, either.  The design of the pouch caused her to curl way up into a ball, to the point that I was afraid her chin was always too far down on her chest and her airway would be blocked.  The sides of the pouch always flopped over and covered her face, too.  I wasn't able to use any of the more upright carries because my baby was too young and didn't have head control.  Wearing the New Native was difficult for me, too.  Putting it on was simple enough, but since it's kind of like carrying a baby in a handbag slung over your shoulder, the baby's weight isn't well distributed at all.  My back was always aching when I used this, and my baby weighed only 9 pounds at the time.  I can't imagine using this with a heavier baby much less a toddler!  Finally, the sizing of the New Natives is way off.  I called the company and spoke with a representative before buying, and she recommended I buy a large.  However, even after washing and drying the sling held my baby at about hip height - far too low - which threw off my center of gravity (and contributed to the back pain I mentioned earlier).  The baby really should be held above the parent's belly-button level to reduce back strain and to keep the baby closer to the parent (in the New Native, the baby has a lot of "swing" out from the parent's body because the sling itself is so long).  All in all, while I'm a huge fan of babywearing and slings, I am NOT a fan of the New Native.  For a truly excellent sling, check out the Ultimate Baby Wrap instead.     