 This extraordinary novel has sat on my shelf for a number of years. I didn't try it, seeing as it was so long and came with so many literary raves that it seemed like it might be like medicine---good for you but no fun taking it in. I picked it up after having finally caved and read the brilliant THE HOURS earlier this year (a book that I loved whose film adaptation matched its excellence effortlessly), and I became easily engrossed in this novel. I feel this novel works as a classic family saga, as a craft-driven piece of writing and as a very forward-thinking, analytical piece of literature. Basically, it feels like---at least in my adventures with his writings so far---Cunningham is incapable of failing no matter how ballsy the undertaking. The story follows several generations of a family started by a volatile Greek capitalist and his detached Italian wife. Cunningham seems to capture many stock characters and breathe new life into them via often uncomfortably finely observed insights into their minds, their actions and the larger human tides that put them into play. The book was very hard to leave when it was time to finish it, so that might be why I did not love the very ending, or it could be that I disliked the list of eventualities that capped it all off. But there is so much poetry in this book, such great storytelling and so many sharp takes that I have to recommend it. Better late than never! Oh, and... Reading the very few very bad reviews other readers wrote for this novel, I can only guess they either did not read it or take an inordinate amount of pleasure in bashing things that are highly praised. I can understand not liking this novel in the same way I can understand some people don't like or are even allergic to chocolate, but I can't believe anyone reading this book could consider it worthy of only one star out of five. (Note that two in a row were written years after the book's release and were both anonymous curmudgeons from SF, CA. Hmmmm. Sounds like a vendetta! IGNORE them.     