 First, I think you should buy this CD if you like Cyndi Lauper at all---she's a completely unique and powerful singer, a sometimes gifted songwriter and a smart, outspoken survivor. That said, I'm not totally on board with this collection. She's no longer on Epic, so probably they didn't worry much about pleasing her. What could have been a long overdue COMPLETE kind of collection is more a  sturdy and unimaginatively arranged grouping of some of her absolute must-have tracks with very few surprises. Cyndi's early work sounds a little dated, yet its appeal is undeniable--there are 6 tracks from SHE'S SO UNUSUAL here. I'm glad "All Through the Night" was included as you might expect it would be overlooked. From later CDs, it's more like one-track-per, and the set ends with a shocker--the inclusion of  "(The Goonies 'R') Good Enough." My reluctance to rave is not that[garbage]was included (the only song I truly dislike that made it on is "Who Let In the Rain," (which I really think is a bad song badly sung, maybe the only song she's ever NOT sung  brilliantly). But I would gladly swap "When U Were Mine" for any number of more un-u-su-al (insert Cyndi laughter) songs that are missing: "Hole in My Heart (That Goes All the Way to China)" from VIBES is so needed. It's a fantastically fun song from a terrible movie in which Cyndi's acting was nonetheless quite good. It's a song many fans probably don't own. I'm sure Epic could have gotten it on there. Where are such obvious M.I.A.s as "Come On Home"  and "That's What I Thinik?" Her non-Epic "Shine" could have been licensed (I'm reaching there). And with so, so many from SHE'S SO UNUSUAL, where on earth is "What's Goin'  On?" or "My First Night Without You?" Less glaring and more my own personal picks, and for your humble consideration, howzabout..."Right Track, Wrong Train" the exquisite B-side to "GJWHF"; "Maybe He'll Know" (or any other Blue Angel stuff, but I included that since it was legitimately included on an Epic CD); "Boy Blue?" "Heading West?" "Sally's Pigeons?" ""Hey Now (Girls Just Want to Have Fun)?" Even without these, the collection shows off Cyndi's vocal artistry...but she deserves a really juicy "Essential" collection that has more flair and that has the brains to INCLUDE "Goonies"...but not use it as the finale.     