 This was the first album ever that I heard by Fangoria.  I am stunned that their albums aren't more widely available in the U.S.  This is some of the best electronica en espanol that you can buy.   This CD seems to be composed of two "themes"- one of tranquil introspection, and one of angry, jaded bitterness.  Here are some comments about the album tracks: 1. Cierra Los Ojos- This track is very pensive, and melancholy.  It features such lines as "y ahora perdoname, me duele mas que a ti, yo no te puedo accompanar en tu viaje final."  Every line that Alaska sings is repeated, in spoken-word, by a male voice in the background. 2. Me Odio Cuando Miento- One of the the great highlights of the CD, along with Electricistas.  It begins with, "Vimos pasar el cometa, tumbados sobre la arena." Me Odio Cuando Miento is an aural joy.   3.  No Sera- The tempo picks up here.  Almost as good of a song as Me Odio Cuando Miento. 4.  Contradiccion- Falls into the bitter, jaded catagory.  An atheist-goth diatribe, it is typical of the occasional forays into atheism that Fangoria is known for. 5.  Electricistas-  The other killer track of the whole album, and the most danceable one.  Goth-electronica at its best. 6. Cenizas de Sangre- One of the two tracks on the album to be avoided completely.  I can't say much about it, because I've never heard the entire track, but it seems to be just some electronic horror-house sounds jumbled together.  Same can be said for Accusada, Juzgada, y Condenada. 7.  El Glamour de La Locura-  Another serene track, that features some tribal-sounding drum beats in the background.   8.  Voy a Perder el Miedo- A song that, in my mind, would sound better if set to an acoustic guitar.  A touch of atheism in the lyrics. 9.  Todo Lo Que Odio Debe de Morir- Another dreamy-goth track. 10.  A Tu Lado- Features the wonderful line, "que nunca he sido fiel, ni mucho menos a ti, que nunca fui feliz a tu lado."  Ends in some hip-hop turntable-scratching sounds 11.  Abre Los Ojos- Another diatribe, this time about opening one's eyes to the pitfalls of Adam and Eve, and original sin.   In short, this is an album that should not be overlooked.  Give it a try!  The only thing that prevents it from being a five-star album is that it is a little marred by less-than-ideal sound quality, and a couple of nonsensical, unlistenable tracks.     