 What floors all of the Sutherland fans that are listed here is how much had changed between 1959 and the late 80's.  All of her fans have the recital recording that she cut before "Art of the Prima Donna," with her first recording of Ernani, Ernani Involami.  This was her voice at is most youthful.  Her voice would later droop, then thicken, then decline (i.e. the 60's, the 70's, and the 80's).  The Ernani, Ernani Involami on this recording gives great testament to that.  I agree with the other reviewer that her rececitive at the beginning of the aria is improved.  Here, she does demonstrate the experience of all her years on the stage, and a darker tone, that could be compared in a way to that of Leontyne Price's.  In the early recording, her tone during this part is precious and non-interpretive.  However, she sputters along for the rest of the aria, like a clunky old automobile.  It is interesting that in the repeat of the cabaletta, she includes variations not found on the '59 recording, which included no variation.  However, with her emaciated voice, one longs for how this variation would have sounded if she had recorded it, say, 10 or more years prior. Pavarotti himself sounds quite tired- listen to his Merce, Diletti Amici.  Certainly, this isn't of the came caliber as that exhibited in La Fille Du Regiment or Rigoletto.  In fact, he reminds me of late Corelli (an example of this being Corell's Rademes for the 1967 Aida recording with Grace Bumbry and Birgit Nielsson).  There is little of the famous ring, and some ackward stretching of notes. I know that ardent Sutherland fans wish to own everything that she ever recorded, but this recording of Ernani, as well as Adriana Lecouvrer, are to be avoided.  Had these recordings been considered today, they would have been passed on.  However, since it was the King and Queen of Bel Canto, they were indulged, when they really shouldn't have.  I suggest looking for rarities such as Sutherland's recording of Le Roi de Lahore, or some of the more popular stuff, like Maria Stuarda.     