 After reading though the reviews of a few of the Andreas Scholl recital discs, I have come to the conclusion that most of the negative reviews originate from people who think they are "the" experts on Baroque music.  They label his voice too "innocent", "precious", "bland", and "cold."  They praise David Daniels, who in my opinion has a muddled middle register, and messy coloratura.  Yes, maybe Daniels can be more dramatic and interpretive- I have seen/heard him in the title role of Giulio Cesare, at Houston Grand Opera.  But, then again, I have also seen/heard Susan Graham as Ariodante, which was 100 times a more powerful, dramatic performance. I differ from many of my American counterparts in that I think the quality and beauty of the voice can be enough in and of itself.  Perhaps this is why, for example, I adore Joan Sutherland.  She may have had the acting ability of an armchair, but she redeemed herself with truly glorious singing, leaving a legacy few sopranos today can even hope to match. Having said all that (thanks for hearing me out!), I would encourage anyone, expert or novice, to buy this CD.  Perhaps there a few more instrumental tracks that one would want, but overall, Harmonia Mundi had a great idea in mind.  If you want to hear nothing but Scholl, you can buy The Voice, which I also highly recommend. One of my personal favorites is his interpretation of Va, Tacito, from Giulio Cesare. Just listen to the variations he includes in the last repeat of the da capo aria.  To say that I was enraptured would be an understatement.  Another great selection is Fronde Tenere/Ombra Mai Fu.  Instead of trying to "ham it up", he just sings it with beauty and clarity, with an amazing upper register. These two are just a few of what are a series of highlights. Aside from the beauty of his singing, another great thing about Scholl is how comfortable he is in the lower register.  He flirts with it, on occasion, and the first time you hear it, your jaw will drop.  He defies the stereotype of the womanish, effeminate countertenor! Bravissimo, Scholl.  You're the only countertenor for me.     