 Let's get one thing clear from the start:  Madonna's output in the studio from the early 80's to the mid-90's is enough to qualify her as the Queen of Pop for the forseeable future. Given this undeniable fact, she does not need to defend or add to her status as a pop icon. This gives her the freedom to "express herself" however she pleases. A lot of the critics have lashed out at her for American Life, claiming that she is just acting self-absorbed, and not crafting decent music anymore.  The problem is that they aren't listening with an attentive ear.  They are so used to the easily digestible, pop-tart stuff that Britney and Pink and Christina and J-Lo are peddling these days. Most of the others who gave this album a bad rating on this website point to the title track.  They are missing the point entirely.  Madonna is not acting like a spoiled child or a whiner.  Instead, she is putting things in perspective.  She's also stating how badly she has been misunderstood from the very start, from the very start. After all, "Material Girl" was meant to be tongue-in-cheek.  But even with a video that exemplifies that, she  still got stuck with the label. About the music itself, it is not Madonna's best album.  But, there are enough good tracks on here to prevent it from being the total write-off that the naysayers would have you believe.  Here are my favorites: 1.  American Life-  A lot of people have made fun of that rap towards the end, but I think somehow Missy Elliot and Lil' Kim would approve.  At first, it may seem too spare to the ear, but it grows on you. 2.  Hollywood- More sonically dense than the title track.  It is a clever appropriation of the So-Cal style that the Red Hot Chili Peppers explored on Californication.  When she sings "Check it out, this bird has flown," it feels so natural and fitting.  I like also the voice-morphing at the very end.  3.  Love Profusion-  A nice blend of guitars and an electronic beat.  The only aggravating part is the male voice that sings the harmony on the chorus.  It sounds awful, and mars an otherwise decent song. 4.  Nobody Knows Me-  A track that has great potential as far as a video and a live performance.  I have some ideas for how Madonna should approach it, but I'm  not telling... 5.  Nothing Fails-  It is a strong track, but I still can't quite get over a gospel chorus singing "I'm not religious..."  It's very postmodern, but it streches the song's credibility. 6.  X-Static Process-  Another song that has great video potential.  To my mind, it harks back to "Oh Father" from the Like a Prayer era.  She addresses her struggle with the Catholic Church and the loss of her mother and the effect it had on her growing up, all in one fell swoop.   7.  Die Another Day-  Another point of reference for critics who deride this album.  They ask why Madonna put this "filler" on a studio proper.  I think that thematically it fits just fine.  The lyrics suggest contemplation, about pausing for a moment, and taking charge of your life.  At least, that's how I interpret it. This album, of course, has some weak, and even bad, songs on it.  But, it does deserve a space in your Maddie collection.     