 I don't care a fig which came first, the French or the Italian version of the greatest of Donizetti's operas.  The question here is whether or not this recording merits a place in your collection.  As the first recording of the French version, it has enough appeal to most admirers of Donizetti's operas.  I will agree that the absence of "regnava nel silenzio" is regrettable, since the substitution aria is far less distinctive (although Dessay sings it beautifully). I also hate that Alisa is missing from the French version, for two reasons.  First, it eliminates part of the appeal of Lucia's first aria- Alisa's singing in the opening aria in Italian adds dramatic weight.  Also, it leave Lucia by herself to fend off the male characters. As far as the recording itself, I think that Dessay is let down by her tenor, Roberto Alagna.  Just listen to sulla tomba, the famous Lucia/Edgardo duet (which is the same in French).  It is clear that he doesn't measure up, by no means, to Pavarotti.  True, Natalie Dessay isn't exactly Joan Sutherland, but she has her own appeal.  Her voice is like a pearl- shimmering, luminous, and iridescent.  Unlike most opera singers these days, she has a genuinely unique voice, not a cookie-cutter one like so many others. In fact, she's one of the very few that I feel compelled to listen to on record. I do think that her Lucia is not as ravishing as her Lakme, recorded some four or five years earlier.  Dessay was rumored to have gone through a minor vocal crisis, which might explain why she isn't absolutely perfect on this recording.  All in all, however, she does a good job here. Alagna, on the other hand, is simply irritating.  It would have been so much better if they had chosen Marcelo Alvarez for this recording.  But, he isn't French, so go figure. By no means should this be anyone's introduction to Lucia.  That should be either Sutherland's second recording, with Pavarotti, or any of Callas's, depending on your tastes.  But, this Lucie is a worthwhile addition to your collection.     