 I agree with the other reviewer that this isn't an ideal live recording; however, I have heard much worse.  She dubs this to be only for the "off-the-deep-end" Sutherland fans; where Sutherland is concerned, is there any other choice?  I mean, we are only talking about LA STUPENDA! Anyhow, this isn't the most memorable baroque opera, paling in comparison to Handel's more popular works.  However, there is a fair amount of enjoyable music in this opera by Haydn.  The funny thing is that it is by far his most recorded opera (live or otherwise), but considered by opera critics to not be his best.   As for the performance, Nicolai Gedda, though in all-around good voice, does ham it up a little too much.  As for Sutherland, she is in her droopy/mushy period.  It doesn't help that the music for Euridice is written for middle register of the voice, which was never Joan's forte.  The result is that, quite frankly, she sounds like a barnyard animal half the time. However, when coloratura is concerned, she rises to the challenge, as she did right up until the very end of her stage career.  There is some coloratura in the role of Euridice, but the best (and for which you should get this recording) is in the aria Joan snags from the role of the Genio, "Al Tuo Seno Fortunato".  According to the diva's memoirs, she had great difficulty learning the aria, and never really felt that she mastered it.  WELL, it would be hard to know that, if you listened to her sing it!!!  Sutherland nails it, as only she can, with a number of twists and turns in the fioriture, her voice ringing.  Unlike a lot of coloraturas, past and present, Sutherland had a big voice, one that never was pinched or stretched, no matter now high up the scale she went. She could also sing at "warp speed" without getting winded, as if she were superhuman. It's too bad that (to my knowledge) she never recorded this in the studio. For that reason, it's worth it to spend the ten or twelve dollars to buy this live recording.     