 All of the glowing reviews here are not just the result of a bunch of opera nuts engaging in hyperbole.  This recording is a milestone in the history of opera.  No one, past or present, can match Sutherland in terms of being able to hit the high notes without the voice thinning out.  Sutherland never loses her luster, no matter how high the note is. And she delivers the trills and other coloratura tricks in a superhuman manner. In terms of soprano wizardry, I can only include Monserrat Caballe in the same league, for her breathtaking pianissimo. As another reviewer stated, Sutherland did develop some nasty singing habits after this recording.  But part of that was due to a persistent, nasty sinus infection, and having all of her teeth capped with porcelain.  However, to her credit, I would like to defend her in this regard, and suggest that there were later recordings that are better than the ones here.  I'm specifically thinking of Son Vergin Vezzosa.  The recording included in this recital is lacking, in that the rest of the quartet is left out.  To have an idea of how early Sutherland sounds with the quartet intact for Son Vergin Vezzosa, listen to the selection included on the La Stupenda recording (which is taken from her first studio recording of the complete opera).  You will realize how much joy is missing from this polanaisse when the rest of the quartet is excluded.  And, to here Sutherland sing it with more meaning, listen to her second studio recording of this opera with Luciano Pavarotti (which, sadly, is currently out of circulation).  I write all of this about one selection, because I don't want opera fans to walk away thinking that nothing Sutherland recorded after Art of the Prima Donna is worth owning. One of the best selections here, for an opera that she never recorded in the studio or performed live, is Martern aller Arten from Abduction from the Seraglio.  She absolutely nails this one, attacking the diction, coloratura, and tempi with bravura.  It's such a shame that she and her husband, Richard Bonynge, rejected early offers for her to sing it at the Met.  By the time she got around to considering it, she was already too far past her prime to do it justice.  Wisely, she recognized this, and just shrugged her shoulders about the whole affair. The diversity of this recital is almost unparalleled.  She excels in everything from Handel to Verdi to Delibes to Mozart, all with stunning results.   There is another recital that Joan recorded before this one, which was rereleased some years ago as part of Decca's Grandi Voci collection.  It repeats Casta Diva and Vien Diletto, but includes highlights not included in Art of the Prima Donna, such as those from Attila, Ernani, Linda du Chamonix, I Vespri Siciliani, and Lucia di Lammermoor.  If you find it, snatch it up, and together with Art of the Prima Donna you will have a testament of the dawn of one of the most glorious careers in opera history.     