 This is the only full-length recording of Sutherland as Amina in La Sonnambula that I currently own.  As her fans know, she recorded it twice, in the studio.  At the end of Beatrice di Tenda, which I own, there are a couple of bonus tracks of Sutherland's first recording, which are nothing short of glorious.  Her second recording of the role is the one that is most seen in music stores, but I never got around to buying it.  So, when I saw this live recording from '61 at budget price, I snatched it up right away. The other reviewers here have extolled her reading of Ah, Non Giunge from this live performance.  I wholeheartedly add my approval, and stand in awe.  The "Callas Widows", who have found it their sole mission to destroy the Sutherland legend, dismiss her as a big tweety-bird.  I personally find great emotion within her Bellinian singing line.  We all admit that interpretation was never her strong suit, but if you don't hear the heart-rendering delicacy of her Amina, then you must have a heart of stone.  In Ah, Non Credea Mirarti, she couples this emotional quality with astonishing breath control, and perfect emissions of tightly-wound trills, the kind that give you goosebumps.  As if that weren't enough, she raises the bar in Ah, Non Giunge by detonating a series of pyrotechnics.  She sings the cabaletta at a very rapid pace, yet still manages to pull out every coloratura trick in her sleeve.  Before repeating the cabaletta, with her unique variations, she lets out this microphone-shattering high note, so loud that you hear reverb for a few seconds.   God, what I would have given to have been there to witness that high note, in person!  Then, she sings the rest of the aria with wild abandon, navigating her way through a set of fiorature that would have stopped any other diva dead in her tracks.  The final note is a seeming never-ending ascent up to the very highest pinnacle of her voice, executed without taking a single breath.  It reminds me very much of the final bars of her Hamlet aria from the Art of the Prima Donna recording, except it is LIVE IN THE THEATRE!  Early Sutherland, live onstage, is a miracle to behold. To be fair, Callas was an amazing Amina, in her own right.  Her live recording with Bernstein(?) is a treasure, also, especially her reading of Care Compagne/Come Per Me Sereno, which fits her like a glove, as if Bellini had her voice in mind when he composed it.  Callas' coloratura on this occasion is also excellent, and gives goosebumps, too.  I mention all this, so that the Callas Widows know that we Sutherland afficionados don't automatically dismiss La Divina when we sing the praises of La Stupenda.  Try to take the hint.     