 If you think about it, this was a very risky album for Erasure to put out.  Their popularity kept building, culminating with the release of the Chorus album and the ABBA-esque E.P.  I think their casual fans started to lose touch with I Say, I Say, I Say.  They surely abandoned Erasure when their self-titled album came out, a year later. This album was Vince Clarke's retribution, for having been forced to stick to the confines of the three-minute song format.  Granted, staying within the mold yielded some truly great songs that have stood the test of time, like A Little Respect, Blue Savannah, and Love to Hate You.  However, Vince Clarke is a true musician at heart, and this album was his chance to expand beyond the limitations of an electro-pop format. I think the best way to judge this album is to listen to it in tandem with the prior release, I Say, I Say, I Say.  On Erasure, Andy Bell sings with much more feeling.  Grace is one prime example; listen to Andy sing, "Where's the sense in senseless violence?"  He is vocally very bold, without sounding embarassing or kitschy. His vocals are full-on, and never err.     There is a lot of naked emotion on this album.  Sono Luminus, Rock Me Gently, and Stay With Me are very emotional songs, that take the risk of being so, without failing.  If Sono Luminus and Rescue Me's lyrics seem a tad New-Agey, it doesn't matter. Erasure "gets the balance right" (to paraphrase Depeche Mode).  Plus, if you really listen to the album's lyrics, you will understand how clever Erasure is on drawing upon religious themes, without sounding preachy or silly.  How about, "Take me to the tree, it has a strange effect on me?", from Rescue Me? Sure, Diamanda Galas alone is enough to scare off the casual listener, with her freakish wailing sound.  But, again, you have to give Erasure credit for reaching this far out, to project a mood.  Rock Me Gently really becomes a magnum opus, with her singing in the extended instrumental interlude.  Aside from its incredible length (10 minutes!), it is a personal favorite for its poignant lyrics.  The video for the song is a touching tribute to Marilyn Monroe, and is one of their very best in my mind. If nothing else, this is the album that spawned Fingers & Thumbs.  It is their greatest dance-floor "anthem", in my opinion, and one of their very best singles.  Again, the video is one of Erasure's best. I wish that Angel could have been released as a fourth single.  After the opening interlude, it develops into a single-ready tune.  I wonder why Erasure didn't release it as a single!! From start to finish, this album is an unqualified success, injected with some of Erasure's finest lyrics.  The only song that might be labeled a little weak is Love the Way You Do So, sounding a trifle too arch and contrived.  Still, for a slightly weaker track, it beats the hell out a lot of other album's weak cuts (La Gloria, anyone?).  Plus, after repeated listens, I have come to appreciate its subtle, even flow. The album ends with A Long Goodbye, which is reminscient of Home, from Chorus.  The first time I heard it, it almost brought a tear to my eye!   If you are looking for easy hooks and melodies, play the Pop! best-of compilation; to heal an aching heart, or stir your soul, Erasure is the album of choice.     