 I have been eyeing both this model and the 26inch model for months.  I recently moved to Tokyo Japan, and given the small apt space that is the norm here, I settled on the 23inch version.  What originally enticed me about this LCD was its exceptional picture quality.  This can been seen everywhere on Xbox360 kiosks.  The contrast ratio is great, and the brightness is just right.  Picture very sharp.    I then researched for months, with regards to the usablity of this LCD HD TV as a viable PC Monitor.  I found the information on the Amazon reviews lacking on this topic, so I will address it here.    I bought a new, high end SVGA cable to go with my purchase.  I wasn't sure if my old video cable was fine or not, but at <$10, I ordered it together with this LCD TV.  I would urge you to do the same.  Setup was a snap, I plugged in my PC to the LCD, and it just boots up like any other monitor.  The LCD displays MANY resolutions, NOT just 1388 by 768.  My video card actually doesn't do that resolution, but I am using 1280 by 768, and I'm very impressed still.  The images are crisp and sharp, unlike your traditional LCD monitors, where if you don't use the native resolution, the picture looks like crap.    One more thing, this HD LCD as a PC monitor can also run many low resolution games.  I tried a few emulators, and I was blown away.  Old arcade games were using the entire wide screen even though the resolution was not at 1388 x 768 standard.  I was using MAME to test these games.  Final Fight, Street Fighter, it was like a theather experience to the blasts from the past!  I love this TV.  Go for it.  $600-$700 bucks is soooooo worth it.    I didn't really cover the Non-PC usage here, but the other reviews should cover that topic.  I'm using Component Video to my Progressive scan DVD player, and using Panoramic/16:9 wide screen mode for the movie.  Looks terrific.  No ghosting at all.  Did I mention I love this ?  If you want a good multi-function LCD/HD-TV that kicks butt at all applications, you have found it here.       