 OK. I have to admit I selected this tripod for a pretty strange reason: I have a Vanguard MP-15 monopod (which I like a lot) and the VT-288B uses the same quick release shoe as the MP-15. So, I liked the ability to have a shoe attached to my digital SLR (essentially) permanently and being able to switch my camera easily between monopod and tripod. This works great. Other than that, the VT-288B is a pretty solid unit (in its price-range). It can support a good amount of kit, can have its legs spread fairly wide (for a stable stance) or can go as narrow as you wish. It has combination rubber / metal spike feet (like the MP-15), which work well for indoor vs. outdoor use. It doesn't have a hook at its bottom for attaching weights (e.g., in windy conditions) --- but I never used that feature on my old tripod.  Now for the surprising ability. First, the VT-288B has a handle for carrying (when considering this tripod, I viewed this as a negative; thought it would be useless additional weight). It also has a mechanism that effectively locks the tripod's legs together, when they're brought together. What I have found is that, if I have my Nikon D70 attached to the VT-288B, and have the tripod's legs fully extended, the whole unit is perfectly balanced when carried horizontally by the handle. This makes it act very much the same as my favorite way of using the MP-15 monopod. I can carry my equipment, horizontally, ready to shoot, bring the tripod to the vertical, use it (essentially) like a monpod, or quickly spread the legs for a more stable shot. This means that the VT-288B has replaced the MP-15, for my short hikes with lots to things to shoot (like Botanical Gardens or Arboretums). The MP-15 monopod is still prefered for longer hikes; it weighs half as much, is more compact (for stowing), and can be used as a trekking pole.  The VT-288B has a smooth panning action; it also comes with a carry bag, which seems sturdy (but I haven't used it much). All-in-all, a very cost-effective tripod which I use a lot.     