 The revised edition of Barclay's commentaries was issued in 1975 and was prepared not by William Barclay, but by the Rev. James Martin.  According  to the introduction, the revised edition renews the printer's type,  restyles the books, corrects some errors in the text and removes some  references which have become outdated.  In addition, Biblical quotations in  the commentaries use the Revised Standard Version instead of the King James  Version (however Barclay's own translation is retained at the beginning of  each daily section). The reality of the revised edition is quite  different.  What the introduction fails to mention is that the 17 volumes  of the revised edition of the New Testament have 12.6% fewer pages than the  now out-of-print 2nd edition.  Only the 2nd edition contains all of  Barclay's commentary on the New Testament.  For example, in the 2 volumes  on the Gospel of John, the revised edition contains 547 pages; however the  2nd edition contained 634 pages. Thus, the revised edition has 13.7% fewer  pages than the 2nd edition.  In the 2 volumes on Revelation, the reduction  is over 20%. I first noticed the selective deletion of portions of  Barclay's original commentary in the commentary for John 13:33-35, in which  Jesus speaks of loving one another as he loved us.  In the 2nd edition,  Barclay so beautifully states the following: "He [Jesus] knew all  their [his disciples] weaknesses and yet He still loved them.  Those who  really love us are the people who know us at our worst and who still love  us."  However, these two sentences do not appear in Martin's revised  edition.  Repeatedly, key sentences and phrases are deleted from the  revised edition.  The revised edition is in fact a condensed and inferior  version of the commentaries actually written by William Barclay.  I do  believe that William Barclay's commentaries are the most insightful and  meaningful commentaries that I have ever read on the New Testament, and I  cannot recommend them highly enough.  They have truly changed my life.   However, if you want to read all of what Barclay actually said instead of  what Martin thought was important enough to leave in, then check with a  used book store or do a used book search on the internet to get the 2nd  editions of the Gospel of John or other volumes in the Daily Study Bible.     