 At present, there are 4 books in print that provide a survey of the books of the Apocrypha.  The oldest, An Introduction to the Apocrypha (1957), is an excellent survey by Bruce Metzger.  It includes thorough summaries of each book, and a good history of these books in the Christian church.  However, it only discusses the 15 books of the Apocrypha recognized by the Western churches.  It does not discuss 3 and 4 Maccabees and Psalm 151, which are included in the Bible of the Eastern Orthodox churches.   More recent publications include Invitation to the Apocrypha by Daniel Harrington (1999) and Stories Between the Testaments: Meeting the People of the Apocrypha (2000) by Marjorie Kimbrough.  Harrington's book provides background information, a well written and thorough summary of the contents, and the significance of each of the 18 books of the Apocrypha.  The author's focus on the issue of suffering in the books of the Apocrypha further adds to the value of this book.  However, this book provides only a very brief discussion about the history and canonical status of these books in the Christian church. Kimbrough's book provides good, but brief summaries of each of the 18 books, along with discussion questions at the end of each chapter.  However, this book provides only a very sketchy (less than 2 pages) discussion on the history and canonical status of these books in the Christian churches. David deSilva's book, Introducing the Apocrypha, begins with an excellent discussion of the value of the Apocrypha, and a good overview of the history and canonical status of these books in the Christian church.  He emphasizes the importance of these books for all Christians, regardless of one's position concerning their canonicity.  He then has a chapter on the historical context in which the books of the Apocrypha were written.  The chapter on each book of the Apocrypha includes a discussion of the structure and content of the book, the textual transmission, the author, date and setting, the book's genre and purpose, the formative influences in the writing of the book, and the book's theology and influence.  Overall, of all the books in print, deSilva's book provides the best and most thorough survey of each book of the Apocrypha and the history of the Apocrypha in the Christian church.  The author combines a thorough knowledge of his subject with a writing style that is easy to read and understand.     Should one be interested in a more detailed study of the history of the Apocrypha in the Christian church, you should obtain The Apocrypha in Ecumenical Perspective, edited by Siegfried Meurer.     