 Michel Robert does a very good job of structuring and focusing the process of strategy development. At the very root is simplicity, focus and integrity. The most valuable concepts of the book are: (1) the driving force - what makes your business move forward and what with an `invisible hand' structures your organization, (2) business concept and (3) zones of excellence. All these concepts are clearly and well explained. They are also thought provoking, insightful and energizing. But going further through the book becomes more and more exasperating. There too much annoying hype almost on every page and especially in business cases. Often they sound all alike. "We had problems and didn't know what to do. Then we called Robert and guys from DPI opened our eyes. And we started to use DPI Strategic Process  and DPI Decision Making  and DPI Keep It Simple Stupid  and made a lot of money. And we also lost 20 pounds in three weeks. Just call 1-800-Robert..." The author definitely has all rights to promote his company any way he likes but if he believes that his books are read not only by neurotic losers then he should cool down a bit. There is definitely a conflict between content and realization. Probably as a result of all that hype the book is often repetitive. I believe it is based on a standard promotion presentation. This belief is supported by many silly pictures definitely copied and pasted from PowerPoint. The book is also structured as a presentation: "Tell them what we want to tell. Tell them. Tell them what you told them." All the promotion presentation tricks are also there, namely: (1) Leave many important things behind, just mention them, (2) Give them an impression that without you they wouldn't really make it, (3) Position yourself as a unique consultant - don't forget to mention that other consultants (incl. BSG, McKinsey, etc.) are not good. To put it short, "The Power of Strategic Thinking" is a book based on DPI promotion presentation. Some really good ideas about business strategy are thickly dressed with hype.     