 Kinsale knows what's sexy, what's romantic, and what touches the human heart.  In "The Shadow and The Star," a young Samuel is rescued and raised by a loving, aristocratic Hawaiin family  after a shockingly degrading, sexually-abusive childhood.  Mercifully, this traumatic past is not described in detail but, rather, hinted at through vaguely-described flashes of memory that torment Samuel.  Samuel, a beautiful, golden-haired boy, is given love, support, and a very comfortable lifestyle by his foster family, but he can never shake the feeling that he is unworthy of love and true acceptance due to what he feels is his overwhelmingly shameful past, and he lives in constant fear of saying or doing anything which might cause his "family" to reject him.  Samuel leads a very quiet, solitary, and friendless existence. One day Dojun, a mysterious Japanese immigrant working for the family, reveals himself to Samuel as a martial arts master and begins teaching Samuel his craft.  Samuel, so very anxious to please, and also finding satisfaction in the rigid control of the ancient discipline, a contrast to his inner turmoil, takes the lessons to heart and becomes a model student.  As Samuel grows to manhood, he abhors his increasing sexual awareness of women, jumbling and twisting these natural feelings with his degrading past, and is fiercely shamed, horrified, and haunted by his sexuality.  Dojun, who has become an increasingly powerful force in Samuel's life, encourages chastity in order that Samuel's every fiber is focused on the martial arts, and Samuel readily embraces such a lifestyle. By chance, Samuel meets Leda, an impoverished-but-genteel dressmaker who, to Samuel's chagrin, sparks and sets flame to the embers of sexuality that Samuel has fought so hard to keep banked.  The two are drawn to one another, but to Samuel, Leda exposes the thing he hates most about himself.  He struggles deeply with his feelings for Leda and the celibacy he clings to like a lifeline. Eventually, unable to deny the attraction any longer, Samuel and Leda (both virgins) give in to their feelings, but they are exposed the morning after, and, in keeping with the times, Samuel is urged by his family to marry Leda, since he's "ruined" her.  Thrown together in such a way, Samuel must live with temptation every day, and as love blossoms, he grows more certain that, should Leda learn of his past, she would shun him and despise him.  His well-ordered life begins to unravel as past and present collide. Leda is bewildered by Samuel's enigmatic mixture of supreme self-control and wounded vulnerability, his potent, explosive sexuality and his self-loathing.  Slowly Samuel's heart is healed by Leda's unwavering love, in spite of his efforts to push her away.   Amidst this beautifully touching and sexy love story is an underlying current of danger, and we come to learn what a powerful hold the mysterious Dojun has on Samuel's life. A unique, engrossing, and immensely satisfying read.  Extremely intelligent and well-written and quite refreshingly true to the times.     