 This charming story is told entirely through Email correspondence between Mel and her friends, coworkers, parents, and her interesting and attractive new next-door neighbor, John. Though there are some character-insight hurdles inherent in an epistolary novel, Cabot overcomes them creatively and successfully, in my opinion, and creates a delightfully entertaining story. Mel is the Page 10 gossip columnist for a modest New York newspaper. She's a smart and moderately successful midwest girl working in the big city with charming character quirks like habitual work tardiness, an obsession with weather anomalies, and a somewhat misplaced but profound sense of responsibility to her neighbor's pets after finding their elderly mistress unconscious on the floor. She's a loyal friend and a secret romantic with a wry sense of humor who enjoys simple things in life like drinking beer and wearing silly pajamas. John is a criminal-investigation writer for a competing newspaper who reluctantly agrees to return a favor to Max, an old-college-buddy-cum-hollywood-photographer-playboy. Max wants John to assume his identity and temporarily move into his aunt's apartment in order to take care of her pets while she is in the hospital so that Max can romance his latest supermodel in Key West. John doesn't like the premise, but it seems relatively harmless, and Max did once save him from potential disaster. As far as paybacks go, it could be worse, right? John happens to be from well-known wealthy family, but, to his Grandmother Mim's chagrin, he has opted to make it in the world on his own merit and hard work, get a real job, and live like a regular fellow.  John -- a charming, likable, all-around-good guy, who is rendered powerless by proximity to attractive red-heads, loves the Grateful Dead, and appreciates a good weather catastrophe himself--is charmed by his new (red-headed) neighbor, and the two begin to fall for each other. In the meantime, it looks like Mel's former neighbor (whom she believes to be John's aunt) may have been the latest victim of the Transvestite Killer who has been terrorizing the neighborhood of late, yet she doesn't fit his usual victim's profile. Could it be that Mel was his real target? And what is Mel going to do when she learns the truth about John's real identity? He just hopes she'll hear it from him first... A very sweet and entertaining, lighthearted novel. Read it. You'll like it. ;)     