 What a fantastic read! I, like most of you, feel I'm a rather jaded, finicky reader, and I found myself completely immersed in "As You Desire," growling at anyone who dared to disturb me while I devoured it! Living in Victorian Egypt with her distracted grandfather, Desdemona fell in love with the irrascibly charming, sexy, life-loving Harry at 17 and threw herself at him one night. Harry, an opportunist with a ne'er-do-well reputation, is far from un-moved by "Dizzy's" virginal adoration, but panics and rebuffs her in a way that left her ego badly bruised. She is, after all, practically still a child. Three years hence, the two maintain a very enjoyable, teasing, close friendship, but with a wary undercurrent of deep emotional and physical attraction (they love one another!) Dizzy vows never to make a fool of herself again, certain Harry views her as he would a sister, and ever mindful of her shameful thwarted seduction; Harry, who's heart fairly beats out of his breast when near Dizzy, struggles to maintain a flippant, brotherly relationship with her. The intelligent, golden Dizzy would be horrified, or worse, pity him if she knew his shameful secret.  Harry is THE most romantic hero one could possibly ask for, and who could help but see why he fell so deeply in love with Desdemona? One moment he's grinning impishly, engaging in teasing repartee with Dizzy; next, he's heartbreakingly vulnerable as he watches, helplessly, as Dizzy convinces herself she's in love with his dashing cousin, Lord Ravenswood. The setting, Victorian Egypt, is a refreshing one, and there is a dangerous enemy lurking in the background as well, adding a dash of intrigue and suspense. Secondary characters are superb. Love scenes are pulse-racing and devastatingly romantic. *sigh*   Other reviews have revealed that Harry's dreadful "secret" is dyslexia.  Though this may not seem worthy, in this day and age, of being a source of torment to Harry, please keep in mind that his "problem" was considered to be indicative of gross mental deficiency - even insanity - in this period in history. Another fantastic read by Ms. Brockway!     