 Melanthe is a wonderfully unique and fascinating character, a woman of great wealth, lands, and connection, who, in spite of and as a result of her wealth and position, is a pawn in the games of men. Melanthe learns at a young age that the wisest course of action is complete suppression of her true feelings and a stragegic mix of dominance and submission towards the men who hold her fate in their unscrupulous hands. Straying from this course in her past has led to tragedy and death.  Widowed from her aged husband from an arranged marriage, Melanthe becomes an object of obsession for the greedy, scheming and powerful Gian Navona, who has determined to take Melanthe as his bride. Navona is a vague, looming, mysterious presence throughout the book. The dark, intriguing Allegreto is Navona's son, whose duty it is to bring Melanthe and her fortune to his father.  Ruck is a mysterious knight without a name who has sworn his liege to the Lady Melanthe and exhibits an unwavering, sacrificial, (and secretly passionate) devotion towards her.  Ruck's fierce loyalty and obsession are the result of a complex manifestation of a memory of a small but significant act of benevolence Melanthe enacted towards him during a tragic episode in his life.  Over the years, Ruck has been forced to endure an intensely lonely, isolated existence resulting from a cruel and evil farce that detroyed his chance for happiness. His gratitude to Melanthe, his memory of her beauty, and his powerful loneliness have intensified his feelings for her. Thirteen years after their first encounter, chance brings Ruck into the service of his beloved benefactress.   Ruck is a brave, strong, and noble knight who exhibits a certain innocence and suppressed sexuality somewhat similar to Samuel's in "The Shadow and The Star," though for different reasons.  Melanthe, cool and regal, rumored to be a sorceress, a witch, and a murdress, among other things, is, in reality, an intriguing combination of strength and wit and frightened vulnerability.   Circumstance forces Melanthe to place all of her trust in her Green Knight, who vows to protect her with his life, and she finds herself in the dangerously vulnerable and unwanted position of falling in love with this enigmatic man. Kinsale's obviously extensive research into the history and dialect of medieval Europe, coupled with her knack for rich, satisfying storytelling, is a joy to read. The romance between Melanthe and Ruck is a beautiful, tortured thing - aching and uplifting, sensual and sweet, dark and light. Every character is fascinating and refreshing. A wonderful book I am sure I will read many more times.     