 ...then you will cherish and delight in this novel. It had all the feel of Bronte's "Jane Eyre;" a dashing-yet-mysterious, seemingly demon-driven man who harbors dark secrets and even darker fears is saved from a rapid spiral into black despair and even madness by his practical, plain, yet brave and generous "Folly" (Folie). I am genuinely perplexed at the handful of negative reviews and would venture to guess that some readers may have expected something more in keeping with what's typically offered in today's "historical romance" genre, and thus were frustrated with Ms. Kinsale's departure from the recipe. Though there are passionate moments of physical intimacy between Robert and Folie, the romantic aspect of the book is much more emotional and visceral and thus more satisfying, in my opinion, than the redundant sexual exploits favored by many authors. There is a strong element of sexual desire, but it is not the sole focus of the book. Kinsale is a superb storyteller. She is, I believe, the only author today who truly presents an accurate portrayal of the Victorian era, its etiquette, verbiage, and complex social mores. This talent of hers is particularly evident in "My Sweet Folly."  The characters in this novel are complex, yet endearing, remarkable, yet painfully human, and Kinsale weaves together a story of friendship and love, despair and madness, intrigue and mystery, and even subtle humor into a rich literary tapestry that was a genuine pleasure to read. I beg to differ with the reviewer who was dismissive of the written correspondence between Folie and Robert which introduced the story and was the foundation of their relationship. I found the letters telling and deeply touching; one is able to witness what began as an innocent diversion for two lonely people grow not only into love, but into a lifeline for both Robert and Folie. I felt this method of writing was inspired! Robert and Folie, had they met in person, would never have had the opportunity to know one another on such a personal level, given their circumstances, let alone had the opportunity to fall in love; however, the premise of corresponding to a "stranger" on the other side of the world seemed to offer a certain freedom from inhibition which allowed both Robert and Folie to reveal themselves to one another in a way they never could have - or would have - in society. The tenderness that develops between Robert and Folie in their correspondence is quite moving and romantic, (I re-read the letters several times) but their relationship becomes even more compelling when danger throws them together years after their ink-and-paper relationship ended on a heartbreaking note. It is then that both are confronted with the flesh-and-blood embodiment of their secret hopes and desires, and it is then that what began as a somewhat unrealistic romantic idealism grows into a deep, passionate need that neither foresaw. If you expect more from romantic fiction, if you appreciate exceptional writing that can hold its own against the classics, and if you are ready for a memorable romantic adventure, do try "My Sweet Folly."     