 After reading "Flowers from The Storm," I realize, with some chagrin, that I have meted out prior five-star ratings too easily, for "Flowers" surpasses them all.  Maddy, a devout and humble Quaker, and Jervaulx, a profligate, amoral duke, have absolutely nothing in common and no earthly reason to have ever even made one another's acquaintance, save that Maddy's father and Jervaulx share a gift in mathematics and become partners, of a sort, on a certain theorem. Jervaulx shocks Maddy's sense of propriety and Goodness, while the duke takes little notice of the prim and proper Quaker lady.  After Jervaulx's and Maddy's first face-to-face meeting, Jervaulx suffers a debilitating stroke, and the haughty duke is reduced to a man unable to speak or even buckle his own bootstrap, his memory vague and fleeting. Jervaulx's extreme frustration and confusion at his situation lead him to violent outbursts, and his greedy mother and sisters have him sent away to an asylum while they seek to gain control of his fortune. Enter Maddy again. She has come to her Quaker cousin's "institution" in order to assist him while his wife is closeted away with their newborn. To Maddy's shock, she recognizes Jervaulx, and is deeply moved by his situation. Only Maddy can see that the duke is not the mad savage the others believe, but that he is ill. She feels this so strongly and certainly, that she believes it is a revelation from God and that it is her duty to help this once proud man. To Jervaulx, trapped like a caged animal and at the mercy of cruel, unfeeling jailers, suffering every possible humiliation and degradation, Maddy is his hope, his light, his salvation.  This moving, lovely novel is gripping and poignant. Maddy and Jervaulx's relationship begins as stark, desperate need and evolves to an all-consuming passion and abiding love. Jervaulx is, at times, so vulnerable that one aches for him, and yet we see glimpses of that proud, self-willed duke. Maddy struggles deeply to reconcile her Quaker beliefs with the "carnal" creature she becomes when she is with Jervaulx. From reading other reviews, I had expected that the reading would be somewhat difficult, but Maddy's Quakerish speech is not at all difficult to understand, nor is it intrusive; likewise, Jervaulx's somewhat impaired, fragmented speaking is not hard to follow. "Flowers from The Storm" is in a class by itself; superbly written, powerful, poignant, and passionate, and well worth a read...and then another.     