 Ash Merrick is one of the best tortured heroes ever created!  He's lived his entire life under the power of his cruel, murderous father, Lord Carr. He witnessed his mother's death at Carr's hand, was forced to take part in a bloody vendetta that was not his own, and then languished in prison for two years while his father lived a life of luxury off of his dead wife's riches.  Ash leaves prison a scarred man, outwardly and inwardly. There, the basest, ugliest part of him was unleashed, and he began to truly loathe what he had become.  What drives him now is his desire, at any cost, to free his younger brother from his own cell.  Far from the typical "rake," Ash denies himself any pleasure or vanity, not only because of his singleminded quest to save his brother, but also one senses that he finds himself utterly unworthy and incapable of happiness.  It simply doesn't enter his mind. Ash is sent to England to fetch his father's ward whom he has never met.  He knows not why Carr has shown a sudden interest in the girl, nor does he care...until he meets the lovely, innocent and spirited Rhiannon.  Ash, cynical, world-weary, and jaded, is bemused by Rhiannon's determination to believe him a charming gentleman as she draws out the soft, hidden part of him and binds him to her with a love he'd thought himself incapable of, and one so powerful that he feels he must protect her from it.   The attraction becomes undeniable, but Rhiannon is about to marry another.  Ash, as her ward's representative, has been invited to stay in the charming community of Fair Badden until the happy nuptials.  Unable to resist, he accepts, and flames ignite between he and Rhiannon.  Ash comes to the determination that he must leave...until he realizes Rhiannon's life is in danger.   Wonderful, rich storytelling with a very sexy, well-drawn hero, a likable, charming heroine, and an intriguing plot.  The romantic scenes are exceptional - equal parts tender and erotic.  Ms. Brockway is a true talent.     