 Grace and Reuben are a couple of con artists who meet by chance while traveling (in disguise, of course: she, a nun; he, a blind spaniard.)  Hilarity and hijinks ensue as a result of one's belief that the other can't see, etc.  Meeting one another was an intriguing diversion, nothing more, considering the two would probably never cross paths again...that is, until their stagecoach is robbed, their "winnings" are stolen, and their false identities exposed in the process.  As help is sought from the authorities after the bandits are subdued, Grace and Reuben, fearing questioning by the police, make their escape on horseback with nothing but the clothes on their back and a small, mysterious chinese figurine that seemed to be of special interst to the robbers. Back at Reuben's San Fransiscan apartment, the two decide to partner up, just for a scam or two, until they can recoup their lost winnings.  They develop a certain friendly-but-somewhat-suspicious camraderie, and, finding that they work rather well together, decide to see what they can get out of the figurine. Grace and Reuben are wonderful characters - quite a refreshing change from the typical romance genre.  Both are somewhat jaded and devious, yet the reader sees glimpses of basic goodness and kindness - even innocence - that only desperate circumstances and hard luck has served to temper in both of them.   The book drew me in immediately - action-packed from the get-go.  The dialogue was quite clever, with lots of quite funny moments, as well as a couple of intricately impressive con schemes (where DOES Ms. Gaffney come up with this stuff?)  Reuben and Grace are endearing, and I think any reader would soon find themself cheering for this couple. Grace and Reuben develop a certain honor-among-thieves trust and friendship, and even grow to depend on one another (though they'd never admit it), and though there is a mutual attraction, they each inwardly determine to keep things neutral...until they find themselves caught up in the dangerous world of a deadly chinese mafia in Chinatown, the leader of which wants the little figurine quite desparately...and wants Grace even more. Though the story is lively and witty, a deep, abiding love is developing between Grace and Reuben that is really quite touching and very deeply sexy.  Reuben, though a shaking coward where knives are involved, a devious con-man when the moment calls for one, and a comic with an appreciation for the absurd, is probably the sexiest hero I've ever "met" in the pages of a book!     