 By itself, "Walk the Line" is a 5-star infection of a movie that I just can't "quit." The day I saw this movie in the theatre, I bought the soundtrack to the film; and later, while on vacation with my husband, dragged him to a local theatre so we could see it together (he thanked me later).  "Walk the Line" is anything I could want in a movie--a blockbuster flick with an indie-film groove; downhome, oldtime C&W with the grittiness of rock-n-roll; a classic love story as well as a painful retelling of rebirth and redemption...and kick-ass music. Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon give top-notch acting AND singing performances that are heartfelt and reverent; both actors do justice to the subject matter and the late musicians they portray. Post-Oscars, I heard a couple people unfairly badmouth Witherspoon for earning her Oscar; but IMO the award was well-deserved--Witherspoon's honest performance of the complex and spirited June Carter Cash was nothing short of magnificent.  After investing in the 2-disc collector's edition for its bonus materials, I was a bit disappointed. Although I loved watching the deleted scenes, audio commentary version, and full musical performances by Phoenix and Witherspoon, I thought the two "featurettes" chronicling the lives of Johnny and June Cash to be somewhat lacking. To be sure, the admiration of the friends and family commenting within the featurettes was genuine and heartening. However, making a featurette comprised almost solely of clips from the film itself with overdubs and cuts to friends and family left a lot to be desired--did Johnny and June never get their pictures taken or their performances recorded?  As a movie, "Walk the Line" is a gem. It is poignant that this film's exec. producer is Johnny and June Cash's son, John Carter Cash. I can only guess that his mom and dad would've been very proud of their son's tribute to them. However, consider saving some bucks and just get the "regular" DVD; the special edition DVD is no big shakes.     