 First off, I am amazed by the one-star reviewers on this forum who spend their one or two paragraphs' worth of commentary on Michael Moore's character rather than on his FILM (which is supposed to be the subject of these reviews). One, this is oddly typical of right-wingers to indulge in character assaults when they can't form coherent arguments to back what they support; and two, this is telling in that most of said one-star reviewers probably haven't even bothered to see the film.  I have to admit, I am not a huge Michael Moore fan and was initially reluctant to see his most recent movie. I had viewed him as somewhat of a blowhard, albeit a mostly well-intentioned one--a Rush Limbaugh of the left, as is oft his comparison. I was already against the war in Iraq even before the first boots hit the ground there, so I felt that his movie was "preaching to the choir" when my husband and I went to see it for the first time, and didn't feel Moore's movie would offer anything I didn't already know or think for myself.  After having seen it (and afterwards buying the DVD), I am glad to admit that I'd judged this movie--and Moore--quite wrongly. Fahrenheit 9/11 not only takes a compassionate view of the 9/11 victims and families, but also of the soldiers going to fight a war that a lot of us Stateside, and all over the world, didn't want. By taking the focus off of himself--which is thankful, given that he can "grandstand" a lot by pulling some really cute ice-cream truck prankery that doesn't do a whole lot of good)--he's able to send home a lot of compelling messages about the rife corruption in the Bush administration and how it is tearing not only the Iraqi people, but our own people, apart.  Although I didn't previously dispute the wrong reasons for going to war in Iraq that Moore brings up, I was really surprised (and frankly sickened) to learn about how deeply our administration (and the Bush family) is entrenched in the oil biz and the Saudi government--which is arguably equally as oppressive as the Taliban, especially in its treatment of women. The right-wingers' hair-splitting of how Moore "twists the facts" is lost here; he has clearly done some great research and backs up his claims with interviews and official documents that underscore the coverups and corruption in the Bush administration.  Thus, most of what Moore presents in this movie is believable and credible; it blows my mind that many on the right can dispute the perspectives of military officials' interviews, documents, and film strips of the President himself in action--or inaction, is more like it. The most compelling of these perspectives is that of Lila Lipscomb, an admitted conservative Democrat who supports the military fervently, but mourns her son's death in a war that was not necessary.  All of this being said, the movie is not without its problems or flaws. I already mentioned the ice-cream truck shenanigans--typical Moore of anyone who's ever caught his cable show--and also his portrayal of the pre-war Iraq being an almost Western-like fairyland in which everyone was happy and complicit under Saddam's totalitarian regime.  This latter portrayal is disingenuous; but it underlines the point that replacing one totalitarian regime with another, especially under the false pretense of "democracy", is wrong--and this is the crux of what I think Michael Moore is trying to say. I really came out of the theatre after watching this movie with a renewed respect for Moore and his filmmaking. He has a big heart and a profound message, and this movie is definitely worth seeing.     