 My husband bought me this book as a treat for my birthday--I'm normally not a fast reader, but I couldn't put it down. I read it into the night and woke up the following morning (early) and read it some more. When I got back from work, I sat down first thing and read it even more. Franken's writing and wit has an aura that grabbed me and held my attention from beginning to end.  What struck me most about his book was how he managed to, for his readers including me, relive the disappointment and near-despair of those of us in the progressive movement who were devastated when Kerry lost the 2004 election. Through his writing, I felt Al's depression, disappointment, discouragement, and anger at the gloating of an overconfident Right who were overly impressed with themselves and their narrow win.  In later chapters, I felt disgust at Al's relating the "dirty tricks" of the Bush team in deceiving the American public, time and again, into not only fighting an illegal and unwarranted war based on lies, but believing its spinning an honorable Vietnam veteran into a traitor and deceiving the Bush voters into supporting him a second time. At the end of the book, I felt hope and encouragement from Al's poignant letter to his future grandchildren, and felt more motivated than ever to work for positive change in our country's landscape.  Those of you reviewers who are "one-starring" this excellently-written book are most likely doing so without reading it. Therefore, you are not only doing Amazon's readers a disservice by discounting this book unfairly; but like babies, you cling onto your preconceived opinions because you fail to see the damage that this administration has done to this country, and you don't have an open enough mind to consider an intelligent point of view that differs from yours.  Please put down your ignorant and infantile ways for a moment; and for the good of the country and your own lives, learn to pay attention to the circumstances that befall real American families and those in the world who need our help rather than hurt.      