 By relating famous hoaxes such as the radio broadcast of H.G. Well's War of the Worlds and discussing recent space probes to Mars, Mercury and Venus, Branley comes to the conclusion that there might be life beyond  Earth... but not in our solar system. While he admits there may be  possibilities of life in other galaxies, he claims there most likely isn't  life in our solar system except for what exists on Earth. This is an  outdated and inaccurate view. The goal of the series is to introduce basic  science concepts to young children, but the only concept I came away with  was very Earth-centric - none of our species could live on Mars, ergo,  there is no life on Mars. Branley never defines life. In truth, we cannot  assume "life" to be carbon based, requiring warm temperatures and  sunlight. In fact, on our very own planet we have found species that do not  require these things. Instead of writing "there is no life on  Mars," Branley should have written, "There is no life as we know  it today on Mars. If this idea is too scary for young children, perhaps  there isn't a need for a low-level book on this topic. At the least, the  book serves as a jumping off point for an interesting discussion. The  authorial intrusion in the book ("People also say it's silly to  believe there is life on them [other planets]. I don't think so.") is  annoying and condescending. The writing is too simplified; children could  handle more details than are given about the planets, the space program,  and the various ways alien life has been envisioned in our culture. The  illustrations are a bizarre mix of simple brightly colored collage style  pictures and photographs. The diagram of the solar system is great, and  whimsical aliens decorate the end papers and many pages. A page of further  activities concludes the book. No works are cited, no resources for more  information are listed. A glossary, index and timeline would have been  appropriate inclusions. This book was originally published in 1984; it  needs much more overhaul than it received.     