 1999 is one of Prince's four classic albums (the others being DIRTY MIND, PURPLE RAIN, and SIGN O' THE TIMES) and his commercial breakthrough to a wider audience. Kicking off the classic title track with a distorted voice that intones "Don't worry, I won't hurt you, I only want you to have fun", then shifting into that unmistakable organ-synth riff, partying down in the face of imminent danger, building the voices at the end to a climax, then playing chicken-scratch funk-guitar and a childlike voice saying "Mommy, why does everybody have a bomb?" before vanishing. Only Prince can comeup with sounds that match his lyrics. (Though the song seems a little dated now that it's past the year 1999, it's still too good of a song to die, and I think Prince should change the title to "2999" to keep it going for another 1000 years!!!) Anyway, as soon as the song finishes, in comes "Little Red Corvette", one of the best songs ever written about sex without actually saying it and a shifting start-stop rhythm. "Delirious" is defintely one of the goofiest-sounding songs Prince has ever made, anchored by a silly New Wave synth-line and a punk rhythm. "Let's Pretend We're Married" has so many sections and sounds kinda spacey and computer-like. "D.M.S.R." is the best dance-funk song George Clinton never made, "Automatic" clocks in at nine minutes with the same rhythm that predates "When Doves Cry", and "Something In The Water (Does Not Compute)" - my favorite song here, races along on a shuffling drum machine, swelling futuristic synths, and the Purple One's nervous vocals. "Free" is a tender, inspirational ballad, "Lady Cab Driver" finds our hero running from a woman described in "Annie Christian" (from CONTROVERSY), "All The Critics Love U In New York" takes swipes at snobs, and "International Lover" is the requisite bedroom ballad. Warner Bros. or Rhino Records should remsater and reissue this and all of Prince's Warner-era albums with bonus tracks. Here's what should be: 1. 1999 2. Little Red Corvette 3. Delirous 4. Let's Pretend We're Married 5. D.M.S.R. 6. Automatic 7. Something In The Water (Does Not Compute) 8. Free 9. Lady Cab Driver 10. All The Critics Love U In New York 11. International Lover 12. Horny Toad 13. Irresistable B**** 14. How Come U Don't Call Me Anymore Anyway, this is great music, probably some of the most futuristic-sounding music I have ever heard, that it's hard to believe that it came out 20 years ago, which shows how Prince's music was so ahead of it's time!!!     