 This is a great concert video with a great performance by Madonna, which is no surprise. The big surprise this time around is her musical involvement. Given that she's been criticized for not being a real musician, and while her prevous four tours have been more choreographed dancing, it is a big surprise to see her playing along with the rest of her band - even for only a few songs - and she was positively rocking out on "Candy Perfume Girl" (The verdict on her guitar chops: pretty good, hopefully for her next album - due in April 2003 - she'll play on all of the songs). And playing in front of one's hometown (Detroit) crowd is always a plus. The only drawback of this show is that there's very few of her older songs, concentrating mostly on songs from RAY OF LIGHT and MUSIC, but we all know that Madonna's usually interested with staying current, so she can be forgiven for that. As for the songs, alot of the more subdued songs on disc seem to come alive onstage, as well as the big hit numbers from the last two albums. She also throws in a few surprises: "Beautiful Stranger" from AUSTIN POWERS: THE SPY WHO SHAGGED ME soundtrack (complete with an intro clip from the movie and Madonna asking the crowd in her best Austin Powers voice, "Do I Make You Horny?"), a goofball, made-up country song ("The Funny Song"), two tracks from BEDTIME STORIES ("Secret" and "Human Nature"), an instrumental version of "Don't Cry For Me Argentina", and a Spanish-sung version of "What It Feels Like For A Girl". She doesn't play alot of her classic 80's material in concert, so it was a treat to hear a beautiful version of "La Isla Bonita" (one of her most underrated songs) and a joyous "Holiday". All of this leading up to the grand finale, "Music", which defintely made the people come together!!! Along the way there's her usual costume changes (I personally like her punk-rock girl look - that's definitely her!!!), stage banter with the crowd (including a goofy, country girl accent for the "Cowgirl" part of the show), choreographed dancing, and of course, her unstoppable energy (she looks great for her 40's, but knowing her, that ain't no surprise!). And this time around there seems to be a more down-to-earth attitude with her, though she definitely hasn't forgotten how to push people's buttons. All in all, a great concert from an untouchable performer!!! LONG LIVE MADONNA!!!     