 	As a true food addict, I never could eat  "just one" of anything chocolate or most other sweets. Like an alcoholic's first drink that leads to a week long (or lifetime) binge, as far as one cookie was concerned, I could forget it. It was the whole bag or nausea, whichever came first. The only way I could tell when I was full was when I felt like throwing up.   	Most diet advice treats these kind of cravings as mental.  And while there is a certain mental element to all addictions, it wasn't until I read Dr. Bernard's book that I realized my cravings were caused by something physical.  For food addicts, it is impossible to use will power to lose weight. Why don't sugar addicts just quit? (Interestingly, that is a question that most non-alcoholics don't understand about alcoholics either. Because they can quit at will, they don't understand why the alcoholic can't quit.) Most people think you are too self-indulgent and have no willpower. Especially the people who are naturally thin or who have never had the disease.  	The taste of chocolate triggers the release of opiates in the brain which cause of rush of dopamine, the brain's principal feel-good chemical. Chocolate stimulates the same part of the brain that morphine acts on. For all intents and purposes, it is a drug, powerful enough to keep us coming back for more. The same thing may be true for sugar, meat and cheese.  	If you are addicted to certain foods, like I was to chocolate and sweets, or if you are just addicted to food in general, Dr. Bernard's book sets the stage for overcoming your addictions. I was able to conquer the mood swings, as well as the psychology and physiology of food addiction. In less than a year, I dropped from 205 pounds to 150.    Whether you are an carnivore, omnivore, vegetarian or vegan, you must eat plenty of fruits and vegetables, especially green vegetables. I recommend Dr. Bernard's excellent book.  It will put you on the road to success.  And for additional help in conquering these addictions, try The pH Miracle by Dr. Robert Young.     