 O.K., I've read a lot of reviews about how U2 has sold out and is churning out mediocre stuff now, etc.  Whatever.  If you are mad that your favorite band is also the entire world's favorite, get over it!  I finally did-- it took me a while.    First, my U2 bona fides.  I have loved them since about 1983, when I was transitioning into high school.  My mom bought me tickets for the Unforgettable Fire tour show at the L.A. Sports Arena and seeing them hooked me into their world.  I saw them 3 times in the 5 days they were in L.A. for the Joshua Tree tour in 1985 (believing at the time that if I suffered from hearing loss it was all worth it)-- again at the L.A. Sports Arena.  I also saw them headline the Amnesty International show at the Forum, and my sister and I started an Amnesty International chapter at our high school.    But then they exploded.  Time Magazine cover, etc.  They went from selling out the 15,000 seat L.A. Sports Arena to selling out 7 days at the L.A. Coliseum which seated over 100,000!  That was when I started losing them-- Rattle and Hum seemed the ultimate in overexposure, and though I liked everything up to Zooropa (except for that whole Mephisto thing), I could not bring myself to buy Pop (and I still haven't).  So I was grown up and pretty much listening to a lot of other stuff, dislocated from my formative favorites.  Then came All You Can't Leave Behind.  This brought me back into the fold, just a great U2 album, with everything I liked and without the pretention.  Kind of like how I felt at the time-- these guys had been there, done that and had figured out how they wanted to be.  So now for How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb.  Like I said, U2 has figured out how they want to be, and they have taken the best of what they are and put it in every song.  Miracle Drug-- a classic.  Hopeful lyrics (I mean, who can not be moved and feel the strength of Bono singing, "Freedom has a scent/Like the top of a newborn baby's head"-- perfect!), Edge's screaming sort-of-solo like he always did, etc.  And I can finally listen to Sometimes You Can't Make It On Your Own without getting kind of choked up.  Every song is good.  I've been listening to this CD now for about 6 months now and still love it every time.  Bottom line-- great album; these guys are pros, and I can't wait to see them in concert again (after 20 + years) this October in Boston!       