 Mezmerize continues to blow me away every time I listen to it.  There are so many adjectives to describe this album and band--unique is at the top of the list-- but SOAD delivers its message with the precision of a laser-guided bomb, aimed directly at the space between the listener's ears.  I am not a metal-head, and I personally do not agree with some of SOAD's views.  But with these guys, that is beside the point.  This is a sonic assault that challenges not only the way you think but the how you listen to music.  This is not random ravings and noise.  SOAD has crafted-- and I mean crafted because everything here is intricate, from the guitar play to the tempo changes to the harmonizing melodies-- a superb album that ranges from Metallica-like guitar chops to polka sounds, from screaming rants/howls to the sweetest of melodies.  It's totally whacked out at times but absolutely amazing, and when taken in total makes a lot of sense.    Out of this seeming chaos emerges a smart, engaging mix of a lot of things, all of which combine to pummel you with challenges to sense and thought.    This album is not for the faint of ear or for those easily offended by lyrics and music including sex, drugs, rock'n'roll-- or politics.  Nothing is safe from SOAD's lyrical and musical cross-hairs, even Tony Danza (?!).  And you are either going to be able to handle it or not.  Keep an open mind and really listen-- you may find yourself toe-tapping to this-- then wonder how you could when the song is about violence or destruction.   My only, and very minor, complaint is that it is too short, although the material is a lot to swallow on a complete listen.  I am looking forward to the other half of this album, whenever it comes out.  And it seems irrelevant to me who takes more or less of the vocals-- both Serj and Daron combine and compliment each other for excellent effect.  And one more note-- I thought the Red Hot Chili Peppers had the market cornered on conjuring up imagery from their sound of my old and lost hometown, Los Angeles.  But the simmering closing track, "Lost in Hollywood," brings you down to street level amongst the crazy hopeless crowd.      Superb album.     