 Most people know of Casanova only via his reputation as something of a womaniser. Which is rather like describing Paganini as a bit handy with a violin, Einstein as quite good at physics, or Pele as fairly useful at knocking a leather ball between two white-painted wooden posts.  The real Casanova did indeed have his lascivious way with a healthy number of young (and not so young) maidens, not to mention the plentiful harlots and slatterns with whom he enjoined, but that is by no means the full extent of his achievements. For this was a man who, quite apart from his great achievments in the "Ars Amatoria", dabbled in such a wide variety of fields that he composed an operetta, translated Homer's Iliad, wrote papers on philosophy, escaped from the most secure and notorious prison of 18th century Europe (the Leads in Venice), hobnobbed with Catherine the Great, Voltaire, the Pope, and half of pre-revolutionary Europe's aristocracy (fleecing a fair number in the process), and generally spent his life living in such an outrageous and adventurous fashion that even the most daring and imaginative Hollywood scripwriter would not dare put the story to paper, for fear of being branded a lunatic.  The simple fact is that Giacomo Casanova, self-styled Duc de Seignalt, was possibly the most interesting human being ever to have walked the face of the planet. Certainly, he was the by far the most fascinating person who ever put his life to paper with such flair, imagination (some would say *too much* imagination), erudition, and sheer literary style. For one should not imagine that this is simply a series of clumsily written tales from the various regal courts, taverns, and brothels of ancien regime 18th century Europe. No - if anything, the great surprise of Casanova's story is the sheer literary talent on display. If he possessed but an ounce or two of discipline, there is no doubt in my mind that he could have become a very well respected writer, such is his descriptive power, and his general skill with words, his ability to conjure up memorable images, and his acute powers of observation. As it is, he must still be respected as a storyteller of the very highest order - giving ground only to Chaucer and Homer, in my humble opinion.  What is more, in such a class-ridden age, Casanova traversed all strata of contemporary society, from Kings to prostitutes, from nuns and abbots to humble inn-keepers and vagabonds. A great insight into his character is afforded by the way in which he takes each person on their merits, regardless of wealth or social status. Here is a man who can guffaw over a pint of ale with a drunk and a teenage slattern, and the next day indulge in acute and informed conversation with Europe's leading intellectuals on the merits of various poets and other artists of note, or the pressing political problems of the age.  The cliche "Truth is Stranger than Fiction" was clearly inspired by Casanova's account of his own life, for not even the greatest and most imaginative novelist could realise such a varied, realistic, and fully-formed group of characters, let alone the myriad adventures and encounters which our eponymous Italian hero experienced. It really is impossible to read this delight of an autobiography without thinking that one is simply trudging through life, missing out on the plentiful opportunities for fun, adventure, and dare I say it, happiness. I promise you, Casanova will inspire you to break out of the daily grind and pursue you own dreams, the man really is that good.  So, what place in literary history should this man hold? Whilst no literary critic, I do not consider myself to be ill-read. And yet, of all the great works of literature I have had the pleasure to savour; of all the strange and miraculous events from history that I have learned about: nothing, I say nothing, ranks anywhere near to the fantastic voyage that is Casanova's life.   As a final addendum, I must commend Mr Willard Trask for a superlative translation. Translation can never truly capture the full spirit of the original, but you would not know it by reading Mr Trask's fine effort. He has done the world a great service by making this astonishing work available to a wider, monoglot English-speaking audience. That said, I must say that it is worth learning the French language purely to be able to read this masterwork as it was originally written. I once quoted a couple of lines from book VI to a pretty waitress in a Parisian restaurant, and the remaining 4 nights of my trip were spent in absolute bliss - Casanova's spirit lives on!  I leave you with one final thought. If you do not acquaint yourself with the dozen books (contained in half a dozen volumes) of this autobiography, then you face the prospect of eventually dying without having ever known what it is to have lived. This legendary Italian adventurer will change your world view that far, I can assure you. It will take you only a day or two to finish the first volume - less than you would spend doing income taxes, reading about which tedious celebrity mediocrity slept with which other non-entity, or watching the latest piece of trash soap opera. Do you really value the tedious and grotesque more than life itself? Click to buy, and let Amazon deliver one of humanity's finest achievements to your door - I swear, you will not regret it!  P.S. if you still need convincing, just look at the review scores - 5 stars from everyone. Remember, this is not the sort of book you pick up from the NYT best-seller list, or from a film tie-in - almost everyone who has read this has just discovered it randomly or through word of mouth. If someone gives Steven King 5 stars, you know they are just a fan - for someone to give a person renowned just as a womaniser 5 stars for literary merit...well, there has to be something special going on. Get to it and find out what that special something is!     