 Oh boy, didn't Chris Wood just nail this one? 18 months into the Japanese share market collapse, the author correctly identifies the trouble as going far deeper than your common garden bear market. There's no point going on in depth, suffice to say that Mr Wood, a financial professional with experience of Japan, correctly identified the major structural flaws that turned the Nikkei rout of 1990-92 into a decade long depression, the likes of which have not been seen in advanced economies since the Great American Depression under Hoover and Roosevelt. Any student of bubbles, crashes, and the subsequent socio-political-economic change, should read, re-read, and read again this superlative tome.  What makes this all the more impressive is that it was written, for the most part, before the fact. How many books have almost exactly predicted economic events even a few months beforehand, let alone correctly identified the fundamental flaws and inevitable outcomes of the policies pursued by a nation of over 100 million people? The Delphic Oracle has nothing on Mr Wood's predictive powers, and I'm not talking about Alan Greenspan! If the Japanese government had read, understood, and then acted on the conclusions of this book, then they would now (circa mid 2004) be the richest country on earth, instead of struggling their way out of a 14 year economic nightmare.  I'd be very interested to see what Chris Wood is up to. If there's any justice in this world, he will have raked in millions advising or working at some hot shot hedge fund or major investing institution. It's a sad state of affairs when genius-level analysis like this doesn't translate into concrete solutions for your average guy in the street.   Anyway, just order the book already. George Soros, and possibly Marc Faber on a good day, are about the only other guys in the world who could have written something of similar calibre. Whenever anyone tells me that economics is hopeless at predicting future events, I just lend them a copy of this book. I generally don't hear back from the doubters :)     