 Malkiel's central premise is well known - that the markets are efficient to the point where one cannot reasonably expect to earn outsize returns. Regardless of whether he is right or not, there are several criticisms which he does not address properly. 1) Markets are demonstrably irrational at times. Malkiel admits this (e.g. internet bubble overvaluation), but does not realise that this admission disproves his own theory. One can outperform a market with irrationalities by simply avoiding being long irrationally overvalued stocks and then simply staying long the rest of the market. The irrationally overvalued stocks will obviously underperform in the long run, therefore by definition your portfolio will outperform the market. 2) Markets do not instantaneously react to news - the market moves very fast, but not instantaneously. Trades take place close to the prices prevailing before the news, and these trades are pretty much risk-free. Anyone who can afford direct market access with a swift connection and trading system (e.g. a floor trader, direct access trader on ECNs etc) can profit from slower-moving investors like this. For the other 98% of days they can have their portfolio in the market, so they only need to make 0.1% profit per year above transactions cost in order to ourperform the market. 3) The coin-tossing argument. Saying that it is possible for someone to produce great performance purely by luck, is something entirely different to saying that all examples of great performance were therefore down to luck and nothing else. For example, it is possible (in fact inevitable, given enough time) that a random word generator would eventually come up with the complete works of Shakespeare - does that then prove to our satisfaction that Shakespeare simply got lucky? No of course not. Malkiel's coin tossing argument ignores this basic fact.  4) He fails to compute the probability of people's actual performance records (e.g. Soros/Druckenmiller, Buffett, Renaissance, Eckhardt, even humble daytraders) having been down to luck, especially given the huge annual transactions costs many of them undergo (and remember that many of these records were compiled AFTER he published his book, and were therefore forward-looking experiments). The obvious reason is that he knows the probability that such results are due to luck is extremely low. 5) Arbitrage opportunities. I used to work on a trading floor as part of a team doing an arbitrage between identical products on 2 separate exchanges. Several times a day it was possible to buy the same thing at 104.55 and sell it for 104.56. The profits were way in excess of the transactions costs & fixed costs. Another example, in early 2000 - QXL stock was recommended by an analyst with a target of $1000 per share. The nasdaq listed stock went to around $112, whereas the London listed stock (representing identical stock, albeit on a different ratio) was only half that - there were risk-free profits from shorting the nasdaq stock and buying the london one, and the discrepancy remained for over 1 hour. Therefore Malkiel's theory is empirically disproved twice at least. 6) His explanation of the 87 crash (which is held as an obvious inefficiency, almost by definition). Sorry but this bit was [ridiculous] - if a small interest rate change really had such a big effect on prices as to cause a 30% drop in one day, then how come that only happened once in October 87, and never before or since? By that logic the markets should have gone up 100s of percentage points in the last year or two as rates went from 6%+ down to below 2%. 7) His argument that the people who can beat the market can only do so by incurring giant costs. Wrong again - first, many people enjoy researching the market so it does not "cost" them anything, it is like a hobby. Information nowadays is cheap or free on the internet. People like Buffett and Lynch have outperformed simply by reading publicly available information. Transactions costs (even to get very fast direct access) are very low nowadays. Lastly, almost any cost is worth bearing, because the rewards of success are that you become stinking rich, and enjoy your job in the process. I give the book 2 stars because it has a couple of bits of sensible advice - the market is *usually* weak-efficient, and most investors will underperform it (as is true in any competitive field which requires skill) and so are better off investing in index funds. Unfortunately Malkiel is unrigorous and unscientific (where is the impartiality?) in his core arguments, wilfully ignores several known criticisms (and has done so for decades), and contradicts his own arguments. The book is worth reading for those dullards who believe beating the market is easy (it will save them money at least), but I'd hate to think that some talented youngster had been put off a career in the markets by this 2nd rate piece of ivory tower hucksterism masquerading as rigorous academic research.     