 Finally, here is a collection of sone of the greatest hits of one of Englands Loudest Bands, Spinal Tap.  This is overall a great collection.  It has 2 pre-tap songs, when David and Nigel were in the Thamesmen, and Spinal Tap's first, and only, international number one hit, Listen to (the flower people).  It also has some of the fan favorites like "Tonight I'm Gonna Rock You" from the classic Intrevenous De Milo album, and "Rock N Roll Creation" from my personal favorite tap album A Rock and Roll Creation (known to others as The Gospel According to Spinal Tap).  Although many may disagree with me, they may be right, because I am a sucker for concept albums.  Some of the other fan favoites are on here, like "Big Bottom" from their phenominal Brainhammer album, and "Sex Farm" from their rather disappointing Shark Sandwich album.  ALthough the music is good, it seems that Tap was trying to recreated the magic they had during the Intrevenous De Milo period, and they didn't succeed.  Despite some great songs on this album, there are some disappointments.  There are no songs from their famous Blood to Let album.  It may be because a young taphead was found dead while listening to this albums, and initial accusations were that they album made him commit suicide.  However, authorities did and autopsy and found out the cause of death was boredom.  It would also be nice to see the 19 minute live version of "Short N Easy" from their Silent but Deadly live album.  There are also some old classics missing like "We Are All Flower People" "To Fly" "I Am Flight" "Get Me Away From the Ground" "The Incredible Flight of Icarus P. Anybody" and "All the Way Home".  As well as the recent composition by Nigel entitled "Lick My Lovepump". Although this collection is missing some great songs which will never see the light of day since Megaphone has refused to release any of their albums due to "Lack of Talent", there are some great gems here, and this is a great introduction to Spinal Tap to any new Taphead.     