 Since this book has already garnered quite a few reviews here, I will only briefly give my impression of it for others like me who are interested in "the classics" but have not studied them at any length. I like this book mainly for two reasons. The first is that Bloom awakens interest in us to discover (or rediscover) some of the great short stories, plays, poems and novels of Western literature. I had read some of these works in English lit courses or on my own but Bloom's discussion of them brings them a bit back to life and urges me to read them again with perhaps a different perspective. The second reason is that the book is a good introduction for someone already at least slightly familiar with literature and poetry, in that it covers the literary genres giving short reviews and interpretations of major works in each. Bloom's comments on how to read and why, mostly at the beginning of the book, concluding that we read to strengthen the self, seem only to state the obvious for anyone inclined to read classic literature and do not add too much to the book's value. My biggest complaint, however, concerns Bloom's incessant references to Shakespeare, how nothing in the universe can compare to him, the measure of all things human and devine, yada yada yada. Occasional comparisons to Shakespeare are appropriate and insightful (for instance with Cervantes), and of course Shakespeare hugely influenced all literature after him, but constant comparison is too much! Practically every work treated in this book is measured against Shakespeare. At times it actually annoyed me and I thought a truer title of the book could be: "How I worship Shakespeare and compare him to every other literary masterpiece rather than fully appreciating them for their own unique contributions." Perhaps this suggested title is a bit harsh, but in my opinion Bloom's habit of continually interrupting the merits of a work in order to drag the reader (scratching and kicking) once again back to Shakespeare detracts from an otherwise worthy little book.     