 If you are a Henry Miller fan "Colussus" is worth reading ... However, I wouldn't consider it one of his best works. At times it seems artificial and strained in its attempt. Henry went to Greece just before WWII broke out after spending almost ten years in Paris. He visits some of the great sites of ancient Greek civilization but generally does not seem to give an  evocative picture of what these sites represent. One feels that some stronger connection to the great achievements of this civilisation is lacking and Henry admits that he never read a line of Homer and his knowledge of Greek history is almost null. Thus, his discriptions of the grecian landscape and the archeological sites seem merely to be flashy literary effects and imaginative exaggerations. What makes the book worthwhile are his descriptions of the friendly and ready to please Greek peasants, the boring and annoying American and English tourists, and the simple and proud Greek-Americans (who annoyed the hell out of him). Big-city Henry shunned the materialistic world and worshipped that which the tourists and Greek-Americans from Chicago deplored. He prefers dirt, dust, chaos, donkeys and honest poverty to the sick, fat, spoiled excesses of Paris and New York. His additude echos Socrates' remark upon viewing goods spread out in the market that such a display only makes clear to him what little he needs. Henry was always rather poor and proud of it. His avoidance of the boring American tourist, the so-called "ugly American," is something fellow expatriots can relate to...he felt closest to the honest Greek peasant, which probably was in part a reaction to his years living in busy Paris. As an American in Greece he was treated almost as a demi-god. At that time America was a different country, still more or less pure in its foreign policy and true to its founding principles. America at that time was a hero to these Europeans, even with its greatest heroic role yet to come in the liberation of Europe.  This book is classified as a travel book. The only "travel book" thing about it is that Henry travels in it. If I were planning a trip to Greece I'd rather read "Lonely Planet" or "Let's Go," along with a great book on Greek cultural history such as the "Oxford History of Greece and the Hellenistic World," "The Histories" by Herodotus, or Egon Friedell's fantastic "Kulturgeschichte Griechenlands."     