 I wonder why Asterix is not better known in the US? Probably because Americans are not comics fans and also are generally ignorant of things European, including European history and culture, which play a big part in the Asterix books. Be that as it may, these comics are extremely well-known outside the US...and for good reason! They are witty, clever, funny, and educational. They are popular with all ages and I loved them as a university student. This one, "Asterix the Legionary," is one of the best. Other great ones are "Asterix the Gladiator," "Asterix and the Big Fight" (le Combat des Chefs), Asterix in Switzerland" (Asterix chez les Helvetes) and "Asterix in Britain" (Asterix chez les Bretons). The stories were written by Goscinny, one of France's best writers of witty children's books (e.g., "Le Petit Nicolas," "Lucky Luke" etc). These comics have become classics and part of French culture. They were begun in the early 1960s and continue today, with story and drawings by Uderzo, Gosinny's partner. The newer books (the last six or so), written after Gosinny's death, generally lack the intellectual spice and wit of the earlier ones however. As classics, they compare to Herge's Tintin (basically begun in the 1930's) but Asterix is less based on exotic adventures and more concerned with tongue-in-cheek comic treatment of European peoples and history. The background of these adventures is the Roman Empire and Gaul (France) around the time of Julius Caesar. They are educational insofar as one can recognize the many literary, historical, political and cultural allusions in the adventures. Even university professors have written books on Asterix (for instance, "Asterix, the Whole Truth" and "Asterix auf Grosser Fahrt" from professors at the University of Amsterdam, explaining the accuracy of the historical background and the allusions to ancient art, religion, sport etc.).  I've only read Asterix in French and German, but I assume that they are adequately translated into English. In German there are also translations in about 20 different dialects, which are great fun to read! For the real "Romans" among us Asterix is also available in latin..."il sont fous ces romains!"     