 I have had a long-term interest in the missing generation of American composers -- that is, the generation of the '30s and '40s who tended to leftist views.  Their most popular surviving members are Copland and Bernstein; but they also include Blitzstein, Bowles, Barber, Diamond, Foss, etc.  I am quite grateful that they are slowly being rediscovered. My interest in Paul Bowles began with a performance script of Tennessee Williams' "The Glass Menagerie," which specified that no music other than the music of Paul Bowles was to be used in productions of the play.  "Who dat?" Then I discovered "The Sheltering Sky," and a collection of his short stories, and an extremely exotic Morrocan autobiography called "A Life Full of Holes" that he translated.  So, I thought, maybe he was really a writer who dabbled in music.  But the recent biography of Copland said otherwise.  Copland felt that he was very possibly the most talented of that generation.  Then a door-stop sized biography of him came and went; more clues to his musical accomplishment but still, no music. I was beginning to suspect that Mark Blitzstein was the more talented among the relatively unknown members of that generation.  And I had recordings of a recital of his songs, "The Cradle Will Rock," "Regina," and "The Airborn Symphony" which supported it. But this CD indicates a rush to judgment.  I still adore Blitzstein, but Bowles is the better craftsman and far more ingenious in his creative approach to rhythm, form and instrumental color. This CD is just too much fun.  Thanks to their French training under Boulanger, they all got a thorough appreciation of the entire battery of Stravinsky's various rhythmic, harmonic, and melodic tricks, including his ongoing appreciation for folk songs and dances.  Even the arty songs on this CD are spicy.  And I am simply dazzled by the concerto for two pianos.  What enormous fun! May young scholars and performers continue to persue this repertoire and give it the fresh and refreshing interpretation it gets on this CD.  It's great to be an American!     