 I love hackem up games.  This one combines Baulders gate style RPG with your standard hack and slash style arcade game.  (ya Gauntlet is probably the best other comparison) one thing i find rather odd are the constant reappearance of monsters.  You can never clean out a section of any given area without it becomming reinhabited by the monsters.  This seems to be particularly true after finishing the sub quest for that area.  For example if you have to go get a sceptor from some part of the castle, you fight all the monsters on the way into that section, claim the sceptor, and the majority of those monsters have come back to life.  This is great for experience, but not a likely scenario in the D&D realm.   The game camera is pretty good and is easily adjusted durring combat to give you the best vantage point.  I would have liked to see it go lower giving a more character eyesight perspctive, as it is now I mostly use birds eye view to see where the combat is comming from. One thing I would have liked to see more is the design of the character.  You choose 1 of 4 heroes at the start.  Essentially you are either choosing class and get stuck with whatever race they assigned it, or you choose race, and get stuck with what ever class they assigned it.   The graphics are well done.  The play is smooth even with large numbers of monsters shooting and hacking at you.   Auto mapping is a very helpful feature and is quickly dismissed durring combat.  one feature the designers put in on the auto map which seems rather odd is the location of special objects.  This could be what you are questing for, or the person you are supposed to go talk with.  Its like having an oracle at your finger tips. Replay value, well thats rather difficult as it is an RPG, and thus once you know the story, you know the story and location of items.  This is the same with most RPGs.  (but most folks know that before purchasing a quest adventure) In short, the game is fun, the graphics are great, and if you are looking for a quest adventure this could fulfill your needs.  Its worth buying if you like this style of game and want to support the developers who made it so they'll make more, otherwise rent it, play it, return it and be done.  :)     