 Okay, I'm on a roll here.  Under the Tuscan Sun by Frances Mayes, On Rue Tatin by Susan Loomis, At Home in France by Ann Berry, and now The Hills of Tuscany by Ferenc Mate, and I recommend all.  This one's a bit weird though in that it goes on for just over 100 pages leaving me cold and feeling like it's missing something (lacks heart somehow), and like possibly the author just wrote it for the cash.  The recounted dialogue also seems stilted.  It's meant to be witty but somehow doesn't ring true.  Then Ferenc and Candace find their dream house (yes, it takes over 100 pages to get there!) and somehow the tone begins to change.  As the chapters pass from this point and the Mates interact with their Italian neighbors it becomes much warmer, more full of heart, and actually a good read I wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  It's now left me with the impression that the author wrote it over the years and his skills as a writre improved with time, yet he didn't go back and clean up the earlier chapters which are strangely dry and lackluster.  The chapter about the neighbors killing a pig was also interesting to read just how prosciutto was made, etc.  Great meals, wine-making, domestic settling in, the clever and timeless ways peasants do things (all lost to us Americans and we're so much the poorer for it), etc., it's all here, just like all the books in this genre, but thankfully it lacks the tone of feeling superior to the locals that some have.  Get through those first 100 or so pages and stick with it.  It's a pleasant read after that.  Now I'm off to read Mate's new book (2000) called A Reasonable Life: Toward a Simpler, Secure, More Humane Existence, as that's EXACTLY the place I'm at in my life at 42 after leaving the New York City rat race for a simpler existence (the rats were winning) after seemingly going into an office 10 years ago, sitting down at a computer, and realizing ten years had gone by, lost forever, and I'm no better for it really, and it's not the life I want or the way I want to live, so now I'm back home in California, putting in my own kitchen garden (potager), etc., and MUCH more fulfilled at the end of each day.  The American "efficient" way of doing everything (houses and shopping centers like ugly barracks, food in plastic from a grocery that lacks flavor and aroma, etc.) is robbing us all blind of a rich life, and I for one want off the treadmill to success and to go back to the older and richer ways, hence my interest in these types of books now, and my appreciation for what Mr. Mate has written here.     