 Take this for what it is and you might enjoy it -- complete fantasy stuff, wish fulfillment, a brief escape from real world life and complexities into the stuff of make belive, completely lacking in any substance whatsoever. Why make a book into a movie and COMPLETELY change it?  This is Audrey Welles inflicting HERSELF, her agenda, in fact, her completely different story, onto Frances Mayes' story, where the only thing left is the name of the house (Bramasole) and the name of the main characer (Frances/Fran/Francesca Mayes). In real life Mayes is married to Ed Mayes, they're university professors, writers/poets, and they bought a house in Tuscany over ten years ago and started cranking out books about their new adventure (it's  HUGE house, even more imposing than the one in the film). Apparently not seeing any dramatic potential in Mayes' work, Welles arrogantly GRAFTED a completely different story onto the title ("Maybe no one will notice") wherein HER "Frances Mayes" is married then divorced then goes off to Italy and buys a house on an impulse (and strangely meets a man named "Ed" at the end which is supposed to bring some kind of nod to the real Ed Mayes, like an inside joke or something or a little piece of magic that plays out like a lump of coal on a Christmas morning.  Stupid (her last name is already Mayes before she meets this Ed so his had better be Mayes too if you're following the silly logic of the story). Don't pick this movie apart (pull one thread and it unravels rather easily).  Instead see it for the wish fulfillment fantasy of buying a house in Tuscany, the Italian countryside (most of which was actually rainy and overcast all through filming) an attractive cast (Diane Lane is STILL stunning after all these years), and a complete dose of fantasy -- a guilty pleasure, like watching "Dynasty" in the 80s. Leave the critical thinking elsewhere and pretend the world today is no more complex than an episode of The Brady Bunch (yeah right).  Watch the scenery. Watch Lane's comic performance and stunning beauty, and Sandra Oh's great supporting performance.  Then forget this crazy thing. And if you liked the book, may I recommend At Home in France by Ann Barry and Extra Virgin by Annie Hawes, both of which I liked better than the book Under the Tuscan Sun and its followups as did many other reviewers on amazon and elsewhere they report. The best part of this movie, for me, was seeing it in the theatre and suddenly seeing on screen the love interest's 1980s Alfa Romeo Spider Veloce two-seat convertible driving "picturesquely" through Italian cityscape and Italian coastline, and laughing to myself because it was the same car waiting for me in the parking lot. Do a theme night.  Make some bruschetta and other Italian culinary items and watch this fluff with friends.  You won't be able to keep a straight face at how "schmaltzy" it is.  You'll be absolutely embarrassed, but you still may take a second look later in privacy for an indulgent pleasure. Ciao!     