 WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD(if you don't know the outcome of this story-it was well covered by all major news sources-please stop reading.  Trust me, this book is so suspenseful, moving, and well written that I would hate to spoil  the end for you) It's difficult to explain the wide range of emotions  you'll go through while reading this book.  There's a building excitement  as the men of the Andrea Gail, a small(compared to most other boats of the  Gloucester fleet)but sturdy fishing trauler rigged for nearly a month's  stay at sea, set out from Gloucester on their season's final trip to the  Grand Banks, a rather unpredictable but verile breeding ground for  swordfish.  The crew, led by Captain Billy Tyne, consists of a likably  haphazard group of local Gloucester men who demonstrate an impressive  understanding of deep sea fishing and the dangers it presents, especially  when the vessel one works aboard is nearly 2000 miles from the nearest  North American shore, not to mention the nearest emergency hospital.   Unfortunately, as the name of the book implies, things turn bad quickly for  the ship and its crew.  A series of storm fronts collide almost directly  over the Andrea Gail as it makes its way home from a prosperous run, and  the ship finds itself beneath the most powerful storm in recorded history.   Waves crest at nearly 150 feet and wind speeds reach 100 mph before the  crew finally realizes its sad fate. The book doesn't deal exclusively with  the Andrea Gail, but also cuts between a few coinciding stories of  endangered boats and the rescuers assigned to remove them from harm's way.   The author makes sure that each of these individuals is given their due  credit and presents them as professional and courageous.  As silly as it  sounds, I couldn't help but feel connected to the men and women unfortunate  enough to weather "the perfect storm."  Sebastian Junger does  such a thorough job of fleshing each character to its emotional fullest  that it's impossible for this naive inlander not to feel an unfounded  empathy at their struggle. I can't encourage you enough to buy this book.  It's a fantastic read.     