 I've been a fan of Orwell's work since I first picked up "1984" around ten years ago and must admit to having a bit of a soft spot(interpret that as a "bias")when it comes to reviewing him.   I have yet to discover one flaw in his sizeable collection of tales and if  you're thinking that "Animal Farm" might happen to be the chink  in his armor, then you're wrong. It's a wonderfully well told  "little" story(little in that's it's less than 150 pages)about  the happenings of an english country farm and the animal inhabitants who  find it their duty to rebel against the sometimes cruel owner and prove  themselves every bit mankind's intellectual equal. "Boxer"  demonstrates strength in a submissive yet likable way, "Moses"  shows a cowardice wisdom, "Snowball" is the farm citizen's true  hope for a fair democracy, and "Napoleon" destroys it all. You  won't be able to help getting drawn up into the lives of these and the many  other good hearted characters, but the book isn't meant to be a feel good  study on the nature of nature.  It's an example, a sad and realistic view  of collective reasoning and the corrupt leaders that we sometimes follow,  even to our easily predicted demise. The pigs of Animal Farm(the name given  to the farm after the human inhabitants are forced out)are a cruel and  manipulative lot who, led by the Big Brother type propaganda of the  character Napoleon, seek to enslave the citizens of Animal Farm much like  the owners before them.  They fabricate events and change decrees too their  own benefit and nary a whimper is heard from the Animal Farm populace who  all the while swallow Napoleon's meaningless speak with awe struck  dumbness. "Animal Farm" as with many of Orwell's stories is  cautionary(a word I've used in many a review).  He's warning us against  accepting everything we see and hear and read at face value.  As you follow  the story you'll begin to sympathize, and then maybe empathize, with the  poor fortune of those lovable souls who only wish to live good and  productive lives but lose even that at the hands of a dictator smart and  cunning enough to convince them that his will is superior and thus must  have priority. If you have the time, pick this book up.  It's a quick and  easy read that will keep you thinking.     