 I'd be lying if I said that I knew exactly how to review this book.  The story is meant to be a simple one, but the complexity of young Holden Caulfield, the opinions he holds, and the manner which he so candidly  speaks them, keeps the reader guessing and thinking long after the book has  been finished. Holden is so straight forward, so easily spoken, that I  couldn't help but smile at his written thoughts, even when they  occasionally seemed petty and immature.  Now, don't get me wrong, I love  the book and I love the character, but you have to admit, he does tend to  gripe.(just a little though) I doubt there are many of us who have  already forgotten our teenage years(some of our fellow Salinger readers are  still in them)but if you have managed this awe inspiring feat of memory  loss then I'll clue you in.  They were awkward.  And the author's use of  sprawling, disjointed,  narrative does a good job of thrusting that fact  right back into our face.  We, as Holden demonstrates so well, experimented  with opinion, were quick to judge our peers(an unfortunate number of us  were on the losing end of that trait), heard our speak grow sharper, and  realized that "phonies," as Holden so casually put it, were  everywhere.   Then came dorm life and the first meeting with our very own  Stradlater.  Obnoxious, vain, indifferent, and strangely likable even with  these faults.  Don't you think Holden cared about Stradlater in a way?   Granted, they did fight, and hurtful words were thrown around, but I found  it next to impossible during my own school years to easily push someone I  spent so much time with aside, even when that time wasn't necessarily  voluntary.  I doubt Holden would be any different.  Part of me wishes I had  been given the chance to find out.  Salinger does something amazing with  this book.  He helps us remember.  Even as I've been writing this ramble of  a review, memories of friends I haven't seen and places I've been just keep  popping into mind.  Holden states at the end of his story: "I don't  know what the hell to say.  If you want to know the truth, I don't know  what I think about it.  I'm sorry I told so many people about it.  About  all I know is, I sort of miss everybody I told about.  Even old Stradlater  and Ackley, for instance.  I think I even miss that goddam Maurice.  It's  funny.  Don't ever tell anybody anything.  If you do, you start missing  everybody." It is funny.  How things remind you I mean.  And how  things once so difficult seem so humorous and easy in hindsight. Folks,  don't let this book slip through your fingers.  Grab hold, read slowly, and  soak in what it has to say.  Even if it does ramble.   Just like me.     