 I consider myself a quasi back pain expert.  I had two herinated discs removed 10 years ago and believed that would be the end of my trouble; it was only the beginning.  I have have 4 MRIs, five physical thearpy experiences, have seen othropedic surgeons, neurolists, and a pain specialist for cortezone shots. I currently have another herinated disc and a miscellaneous bulge at the site of the prior two surgeries.  This book have provided me more knowledge of how to solve my problems than all the rest combined -- however, having all that experience makes me confident this book has the solution.  Many of the exercises I was  familar with from physical thearpy over the years.  And yes, they told me I'd likely have to do exercises for the rest of my life.  And that's what makes this book so handy, you don't have a thearpist with you day in and out, this book is very specific on how to do the exercises, how to progress, and what not to do.  The advice is practical and well researched, and very much consistent with everything all the specialists have told me during my decade and a half of back problems.  And now the REALLY GOOD News.  I noticed improvement within a couple of days of starting the exercises.  I have found I have to exercise both morning and night, but I am virtually pain free.  I was at a point when I purchased this book, that I woke up every morning with some pain and much activity-limiting stiffness -- and periodically my back would "go out" and I'd spend a couple days in bed recuperating.  Now I wake pain free; am able to start my day immediately.  I remain careful about how I treat my back throughout the day, but I'm very confident my bed rest days are behind me! And I'm more limber, my balance has improved, as has my flexibility.   I recommed this book highly!!  The section on how to "find time" was very much appreciated and accurate, there are numerous opportunties throughout the day to do many of the exercises. Do heed what the authors say: PAIN is NO GAIN -- so start slow, be gentle, and don't push, this is not a race, for me - it was about getting my life back.  Good luck to all, I can't tell you how thankful I am I found this book, I hope it brings you the same kind of improvement it did me.     