 Paul Golding's superb first novel is a coming-of-age story of an extremely wealthy gay man whose upbringing amidst servants on a country estate on a Spanish island and then at the best Catholic British public chools would seem to an outsider one of exceptional privilege. But the story Golding's protagonist, James Moore, has to tell is one of considerable horror: virtually ignored by his self-indulgent and spoiled parents, he finds his boarding schools nightmares where his peers mericlessly attack or shun him, and his teachers either abet his tormentors or corrupt him sexually. The novel's superb titles carries multiple meanings: while James is eventually termed an "abomination" by his own father (following the words of Leviticus in its injunction against men sleeping with other men), more abominations might more readily those practised against James in his childhood. And yet by the time James is an adult, and narrates the novel for us, he had become something of a moral abomination himself, and of course not at all in the sense either his father or the writers of Leviticus meant. His voice has become full of rancor and venom, his snobbery ruthless and cruel, his capacity to love almost entirely stunted. Golding is quite unsparing in his treatment of his protagonist, and seems clear (through his use of Moore's purpled and poisonous narrating voice) that not all of James's failings can be laid at the feet of his parents, teachers, or tormentors. This is one of the most exciting and intelligent debuts in gay fiction since Alan Hollinghurst's THE SWIMMING-POOL LIBRARY, and the two works can be justly compared. Golding's James Moore and Hollinghurst's William Beckwith share much in common: in their expensive British educations, their sexual promiscuities, and their savage snobbism. But whereas Hollinghurst attempted to critique his protagonist's character via context (showing how obtuse beckwith was to anything but himself or his pleasures), Golding more convincingly and bravely allows his protagonist's lurid furies to stand as a more direct means of critiquing his excesses. The novel's framework, though interesting (showing an adult James becoming enamored of a male prostitute, and primping himself elaborately before their hired tryst), perhaps does not come across wholly as Golding intends: we seem to lose a good deal of understanding as to what has happened to Moore in the intervening fifteen years between leaving for Oxford and the framing sequence that needs elaboration. Still, the debut is magnificent; this may be the best new gay novel to come down the pike in years.     