 Emma Smith wrote only two novels in the late 40s before she married and put away her typewriter for decades; they were bestsellers and were critically acclaimed, yet they remain today largely forgotten. The Persephone Press has reissued one of them, THE FAR CRY, and like its  central characters it is odd and difficult to appreciate at first but well worth it in the end. Fourteen year-old Tersea is pulled out of school by her cantankerous and dislikeable father to go to India with him simply to spite her mother, from whom her father is estranged and who is coming to England to reclaim her; in India, he hopes to reunite with his other daughter from a previous marriage, the lovely Ruth. For the first hundred pages or so this book is very hard-going: the characters seem not only unlikeable but also unloveable, and you wonder why you put up with them. Like Forster in his rougher early fiction (WHERE ANGELS FEAR TO TREAD and THE LONGEST JOURNEY), which seem among her clearest models, Emma Smith seems intent on showing us the worst side of people: the luxury of a bright and alienated young author, perhaps. But when Teresa and her father get to India, everything changes: their responses to this nation unknown to them show them to be capabnle of stronger sensibilities and reactions then we supposed, and when they arrive at the house of Ruth and her husband in Assam (both of whom are themselves strongly realized characters) we feel we know them much more thoroughly, and Smith's wider precocious pattern makes more sense. It may be objected of this book (as Salman Rushdie objected to Paul Scott's RAJ QUARTET, which four novels this book anticipates in many ways) that Smith uses India only as a backdrop for her Anglo-Indian characters' problems, and is content to have the Indians in her novel only play walk-ons in their own country. There is no real answer to such a charge, because Smith is concerned with India mostly in terms of the distance and immensity it implies for central Anglo-Indian family, and what it says about their own problems regarding human contact and friendship. In this the novel seems much like another early Bloomsbury novel, Woolf's THE VOYAGE OUT, which is the clearest of all precursors for this work. But unlike Woolf's imagined South American country, the India Smith uses as the backdrop for her character's Bildungsroman is real, and was really observed, and Smith's powers of description are exceptional. This is not an easy novel to like, but I think it is well worth the effort.     