 Often dismissed as a vehicle for aging sopranos, THAS has existed only at  the fringe of the repertoire for the last fifty years or so, and survives  on cd only via a few deeply flawed recordings showcasing singers far beyond  their primes. Thas, however, is one of the most demanding roles in French  opera: it was not by chance, for example, that in the original script for  CITIZEN KANE that Susan Alexander demonstrated her operatic incompetence as  Thas, given the extreme demands of the role both vocally and dramatically.  While Beverly Sills and Anna Moffo could adequately honor the acting  demands of the role, like Mary Garden before them they were incapable of  hitting the part's many high notes. At last, however, we have a THAS for  the ages in this spectacularly sophisticated recording from Decca. The  emphasis in this set is on subtlety. While Lorin Maazel, in the Sills  version, conducted with great drama and pomp (as if to turn Massenet into  Meyerbeer), Yves Abel emphasizes instead Massenet's delicacy, allowing the  opera to seem almost entirely fresh and modern.  The greatest beneficiary  of this take overall is Rene Fleming, the first Thas to record the role  at the height (rather than the end) of her career. Fleming turns the role  into a career highlight: although she might have relied entirely on her  voice's swirly majesty of tone to put the part over, she instead chooses  also to interpret the role with great intelligence and tact. She emphasizes  Thas's vulnerability in Act I, as if to make the courtesan's eventual  conversion more believable, and allows her to be the "idole  fragile" she describes herself as. Typically, her best moment is a  quiet one: she transforms the little third-act aria "O Messager de  Dieu" into a small masterpiece of pathos and innocence. The rest of  the performers acquit themselves tremendously well. As Athanel, Thomas  Hampson is in splendid voice, particularly in the first act; if one wishes  he had at times exploited the role's dramatic possibilities a bit more  thoroughly (especially in the third-act aria "Thas va mourir!"),  his underplaying often seems to complement Fleming nicely. Vogel is a  wonderfully overripe Charmeuse, and Giuseppi Sabbatini is charming as  Nicias. This is a magnificent recording--I can't stop listening to it.     