 Maybe this isn't quite Bette Davis's best film for Fox, but MR. SKEFFINGTON certainly has its pleasures, particularly in its excellent first half. Fanny Trellis is a charming, silly society beauty who adores her ne'er-do-well snobbish brother, the infelitiously named Tripppy Trellis. To save him from going to jail for embezzlement, she encourages the suit paid her by his wealthy self-made boss, Job Skeffington (superbly played by Claude Rains). Although Fanny likes Job very much and treats him mostly with kindness, she is incapable of loving anyone other than herself or Trippy, and she chastely encourages the continued attentions of her other society suitors; eventually Trippy's death drive Fanny and Job apart, until they are reconciled by picture's end.  Davis affecting a very charming and childike breathy voice to play Fanny, which wound up being one of her most memorable roles; although she is almost never consciously cruel, she brings great pain to her husband and to her daughter by her inability to love them. The film allows for great fashion-plate outfits for Davis from Orry-Kelly spanning the deacdes from 1914 to the time the film was made, although the costumnes (like the film itself) take a real downturn in the Roaring Twenties when Fanny is called upon to wear flapper outfits and visit speakeasies with gangsters. The film becomes tediously melodramatic in its later sequences when Fanny must be pushed by nemesis for being so vain and thus she contracts diphtheria, which ravages her face; although the makeup Davis then affects to make herself look old and "dilapidated" (Fanny's term) amusingly anticipates her infamous later look as Baby Jane Hudson,  she begins wearing ridiculously dowdy costumes with lace collars even though her character is supposed to be trying to pass as a beauty still. Naturally Hollywood demanded that Davis's Fanny not only be punished for being a abad mother and wife but that she also be redeemed: the final sequence with Fanny and Job reconciling is pretty hilariously over-the-top. Yet both Davis and Rains seem to surmount the material by giving genuinely affecting performances.     