 DePalma was much faulted in the mid-Seveneties for being too slavish a devotee of Hitchcock, but in retrospect his most Hitchcockian films (of which is the first) allowed him to find his own voice at a filmmaker. Prior to this film, he had most directed very funny and anarchic black comedies; SISTERS, however, is a full-bore horror film, owing much to Hitchock's REAR WINDOW and PSYCHO and also Polanski's REPULSION. Grace Collier (Jennifer Salt) witnesses a vicious knife murder in the apartment of the model who lives across from her; when she gets the police to investigate, there is no trace of blood or indication of a murder, and the model, Danielle (the amazing Margot Kidder), is completely nonplussed. As Grace does a little research into the matter, she begins to discover that Danielle was a former conjoined twin... and that's only the start of it.  For years this film existed only in weak transfers onto video, so Criterion has done film buffs a great service in restoring this film to its incrediblly vivid fidelity of color and stock. (Despite the low budget, DePalma's use of lighting and color in the film are remarkably exact, and worthy of his model Alfred Hitchcock.) The film is not without its weaknesses, particularly in the dull performance of Jennifer Salt as the annoying heroine and in the series of jokes he uses to end the film in sequences in Grace's parents's house and in Quebec. At the same time, the film is unforgettable, especially in the greast use of split screen during the first murder, the long and complexly shot sequence where the police and Grace search Danielle's apartment and in the famous dream sequence near the end, which is clearly influenced by Fellini and the photographs of Diane Arbus. DePalma not only manages to comment on voyeurism in this work but also on the merging of identity, the corruption of the police in the early Seventies in NYC, race relations (the first murder victim is a handsome African-American man who has picked up Danielle), the process of making film and video... it's almost too much. But it's all here, wrapped up in an equally unforgettable Bernard Herrmann score heavy on the horns.     