 A smalltown goodtime girl named Trudy Kockenlocker (Betty Hutton) goes off with a group of soldiers before they're sent off to war; the next morning she has vague memories of marrying one of them--someone, she says, like a name like "Ratzskywatzsky"--but with no memory of who exactly or where to find him. Soon after she finds out she's pregnant, and pressures the 4-F boy next door (Eddie Bracken) to help her out of her predicament.  All Preston Sturges comedies are worth your time if only because they all manage to be so funny while also being so innovative from a narrative perspective: Sturges loved playing with stories within stories, and yet does it so simply and hilariously as only to enhance the story's pleasure. (The framing device of the governor hearing the news and sorting all the problems out at the end as deus ex machina seems like a comic trick borrowing from Molire.) But the story also broke tremendous ground by dint of its subject matter, which only barely got past the Hays Code censors; if you're familiar with the films of the time, the fact that Private Ratzskywatzsky never appears by the story's end to reclaim Trudy or their issue will seem astonishing. (All the same, the film was a huge hit.)  The film has much going for it besides Sturges's direction and writing. Not the least of these is Betty Hutton, who got perhaps the best role she ever had as the overenthusiastic Trudy. Hutton is all but forgotten today, but she was one of the few stars of Broadway musical comedy who made a very successful transition to Hollywood. Unlike Ethel Merman or Zero Mostel, whose enormous theatrical energies seemed artificial for the screen, Hutton succeeded because her over-the-top desperation seemed at its best (as here) incredibly sincere, and so her funniest moments are when she gives way so mercurially to her change of feelings with such zest and extremity. One of my favorite moments is when her father forbids her to go out to the dance with the soldiers; within a moment she goes from utter elation to blank depression, and she walks up the stairs with such disappointment in her spine that she's deeply endearing. Eddie Bracken's nervous nerdish comedy has aged less well than Hutton's hyperenthusiasm, perhaps, and the film suffers from its somewhat patronizing vision of smalltown life. (Sturges's comedies work best when he is making fun of sophisticates rather than just rubes, as in SULLIVAN'S TRAVELS or THE PALM BEACH STORY--he's at his best when he shows the wealthy and privileged to be just as apt towards enacting or being taken in by utterly harebrained schemes as is the middle class.) But the film has two fantastic assets in William Demarest as Trudy's crotchety father and Diana Lynn doing her funny specialty at adolescent knowingness as Trudy's incredibly sane younger sister. There's a great slapstick bit Sturges works up that whenever Lynn sasses her father Demarest tries to give her a flying kick in the pants, which he invariably mistimes so that he falls flat on his back.     