 John Wyndham's books (such as this and THE CHRYSALIDS and THE MIDWICH CUCKOOS) are pretty much classics of the scifi genre in the UK but have not enjoyed the same status in the USA; they're very intelligently crafted and also genuinely scary. THE DAY OF THE TRIFFIDS is his most famous work, and shows his intellectual debt to HG Wells very clearly. Like THE WAR OF THE WORLDS, it's a catastrophe novel that seems to mirror Britain's anxieties during its long imperial decline that it (and the whole world) was on the brink of utter chaos. In this book, giant ambulatory poisonous, carnivorous plants, called "triffids" have been created through the errors of human bioengineering; not long after, a mysterious spectacular meteor shower blinds everyone on Earth who sees it, leaving them at the mercy of the triffids.  The triffids sound a bit ridiculous when described but you almost immediately believe in their possibility when you read this novel; what makes them so frightening and effective is that they're fairly slow in moving (except when they whip out their poisonous tendrils for the kill) and behave fairly instinctually, so the characters, preoccupied with their planet's social catastrophe, tend to forget about the menace they pose until its too late. Indeed, the triffids are mostly background menaces for the real subject of the book, which is the possibilities of new social structures after the apocalypse. The novel's hero comes across several new survivor communities, organized (variously) on feudal, Christian, and eugenicist/breeding models, and Wyndham seems greatly interested in comparing them. It might be that there's just too much, in the end, going on in this book, especially since the creation of the triffids and the meteor shower seem ultimately coincidental. Yet it's a hard book to put down, and the vein of anti-feminism that runs through it makes it exceptionally intriguing as a peice of post-War social commentary. Anbd you'll never forget the triffids themselves.     