 Brad Meltzer said he wrote this collected seven-issue miniseries as a "love letter" to Silver Age DC Comics, and the result is a very beautifully detailed and highly powerful account of the Justice League's involvement in solving the murder of the beloved wife of one of its members, the Elongated Man. The fan reaction to the product has been enormously mixed, and I would have to echo it: although the finished product is beautiful, no one really wanted to see Sue Dibny (the murder victim) killed, given that she was one of the few Silver Age supporting characters still left around anyway, and that her murderer is unveiled as one of the few remaining others. The loss of these two characters seems almost willfully melodramatic, as does Meltzer's habit of wildly overdramatizing (even by comic book standards) every revelation or confrontation in the book. Still, the art by Rags Morales is splendid, and the coloring work by Alex Sinclair is nothing short of sensational, adding much to Morales's beautiful linework. Some of the sequences are so beautifully done by this team that they carry almost all before it: of special note are Sue's memorial service in the Central City Cathedral, the flashback to Sue's rape, and the creepy haunting scene of the villains gathered in the decaying empty satellite. Notice, though, that I say "almost all": the biggest faults of this miniseries (other than the needless loss of the two characters) are in the plotting, and it has an incredible number of holes in it which almost defy explanation. Why couldn't the world's greatest detectives solve this murder faster given their command in this miniseries of so many sophisticated alien technologies? How can the Atom perform his "phone trick" through cell phones when it has always been dependent on moving through actual phone wires? Why did the murderer (who has twice had nervous breakdowns before in comics history) go suddenly from being simply neurotic and unhappy for over forty years  to suddenly being in this miniseries a psychotic murderer? Why was the murder plot and the revelation of it stolen almost entirely from Scott Turow's PRESUMED INNOCENT? And why would the murderer be placed finally in the world's worst and most dangerous insane asylum (in a different city entirely from where she lives or from where she committed the crime) if her partner truly cared for her? And why was she just happening to be carrying that flamethrower, anyway?     