 This early work was the first thing by John Michael LaChiusa to make critics really sit up and take notice, and the idea for it is almost irresistible: three vignetttes about First Ladies (apparently a personal obsession with LaChiusa), all centering around the idea of flight (although in the center story the idea of flight is metaphorical rather than literal). The first story centers upon Jackie Kennedy's weary secretary preparing aboard Air Force one for the fatal trip to Dallas in November, 1963. The second, the only one to focus squarely on a First Lady (rather than on her peripheral aides), features Mamie Eisenhower concerned about the crisis at Little Rock Central High School and also about allegations concerning her husband's WWII affair with Kay Sommersby: in this story Mamie is figured as a wacky and feisty Fifties housewife a la Lucy Ricardo (this turns out to be as ghastly an idea in practice as it looks). The third story, by far the strongest, centers upon Lorena Hickok, Eleanor Roosevelt's companion and lover, as Mrs. Roosevelt is coaxed by Amelia Earhardt to fly from DC to Baltimore. The biggest problem with the work is that all three pieces center upon someone complaining and complaining and complaining about her lot. It's hard to work up much enthusiasm for the work when all the characters seem to be telling you they'd rather be anywhere but onstage. Also, LaChiusa is hardly the most tuneful of composers, which makes the work--really a sort of doodle--not as much fun as you'd hope. Gregory Jbarra scores the strongest among a talented cast as a patient and patronizing Eisenhower, and there are a few funny characterizations (a doughty and eccentric Eleanor Roosevelt, a zombified lady Bird Johnson stalking through the presidential plane in the Jackie Kennedy piece) that are a bit redemptive. But there's nothing LaChiusa says here that wasn't said more eloquently already in the great Pat Nixon scenes of John Adams's NIXON IN CHINA (a clear inspiration for this work).     