 Many mere mortals--not privy to the blessings of the gods-- will tell you that XANADU was a flop for any number of reasons. Its plot makes no sense (a muse descends from heaven to help painter Michael Beck create the ultimate roller disco palace); its attempt to appeal both to an older crowd (with Gene Kelly in the WWII sequences) and a younger crowd (with the disco music, already out of fashion when the movie was released) was doomed to please neither constituency; and its star, Olivia Newton-John, seems unsure what she's supposed to be doing.  Foolish mortals: Whatever its failing this movie is worth it just for its fashions and makeup (vintage 1980) and its two great opening and closing numbers, which showcase the musical directors' lovely (if silly) eye for style. In the first, set to ELO's "I'm Alive," a lovely group of muses (including the enchantingly beautiful ONJ) emerge from a mural and start dancing exuberantly in truly beautiful dancing outfits that look like a cross between Seventies peasant dresses and togas: they all become transformed into rainbow-colored raybeams and zoom up to the skies, and then Newton-John herself descends from heaven, rollerskating and glowing orange. (It sounds ridiculous, but it's visually stunning.)   The bizarrely campy final number, the amazing title song, features hundreds of  chanting roller dancers first led by Kelly (in his Seventies!) and then by Livvy herself in a whirling array of different outfits that must be seen to be believed. First she's in a kind of spangly combination of a maillot and a sleeveless jumpsuit, dancing all over the place and watching circus performers, and then her hair is piled high on her head and she's in what looks to be a polka-dot Forties cigarette girl costume actually leading the other muses (gifted trained dancers all) in a  tapdance number even though she can *barely* do the most simple tap steps herself, and then she's in this foxy tigerstriped "glam rock" miniskirt prowling around and being sensual, and then she's doing a country number in a white suede cowgirl thingy with ultra-long fringe, and then (gasp, gasp!) she disappears for a moment and all the other muses come on wearing white dancing gowns with what appear to be white plastic triangles on their heads, and then finally Olivia herself emerges from behind them wearing an outfit that almost completely defies description--she looks like like a cross between Josephine Baker and a Cylon warrior: appropriately, everyone else onscreen wildly applauds this latest costume change. And THEN--zap!--neon lightning transforms Olivia and the muses back into their beautiful peasant togas from the first number, and then they all are transfigured and sent back up to heaven. You will be too.     