 Fairly neglected when it came out in the mid-80s, EMPIRE OF THE SUN is worth seeing if only for its marvelous first forty-five minutes, set in the extremely tense International Settlement of Shanghai just before the eruption of the Japanese invasion. Steven Spielberg convinced the PRC government to let him shoot some of these scenes in the city's famous Bund district, and tghe re-creation of Old Shanghai is really something to see (and something we will probably never see again, given the city's massive development in the last fifteen years). But the film is enormously dramatically flawed. It is really Spielberg's tribute to one of his admitted heroes, the great epic chronicler of imperialism David Lean, but EMPIRE OF THE SUN shows almost none of Lean's interests in the corroding effects of empire among the colonized. Except for a few fine scenes with the privileged and spoiled child hero of the film, Jamie Graham, and his resentful amah, the film treats the Chinese themselves almost entirely as swarms of extras--as if we're supposed to feel sorry only for the Brits and Americans after the Japanese invade. And Spielberg keeps trying for glowing emotional resonances in scenes where you have no idea why you're supposed to care, such as when Jamie is welcomed into the bunker of American service men who salute him (a gesture which is later treated as empty, so its lingering treeatment seems baffling when you find out this was a false ideal for Jamie) or his adoring view of a Japanese Zero fighter being welded late at night against a shower of sparks. Jamie's love of planes and toy planes is clearly a point of sympathetic entry for the director (who loves boys and their toys), but it is given little emotional meaning for anyone viewing the film since Jamie's love of planes always creates danger for himself and everyone else. The film is structurally very daring for Spielberg because there's so little dialogue in the script, and he does manage to convey quite a lot without it. yet most of the characters other than Jamie seem underdeveloped, and John Malkovich brings almost zero charm to his role of an opportunistic American quarantined with Jamie in the camp. the beautiful and gravefaced Christian Bale gives a sterling performance in this film that has been widely and justly praised, although Spielberg does require him to yell his head off a bit too much (this was also Spielberg's problem more recently with Dakota Fanning in WAR OF THE WORLDS).     