 Nicole Kidman got some fine notices when she first appeared in DEAD CALM and FLIRTING, but she pretty much disappeared into dull girlfriend roles during the years of her marriage to Tom Cruise. She did garner critical attention for her funny comic turn in TO DIE FOR, but the part closely approximated the press's conception of her (as scheming arm-candy) and it wasn't until this fine thriller by Alejandro Almenabar came out in 2001 that people began treating her seriously. (Although she was nominated for her first Best Actress Oscar for MOULIN ROUGE--which came out earlier that year--, it wasn't until the fine notices for her work in THE OTHERS that people started taking her role in MR more seriously.)  Even without Kidman's splendid turn as the neurotically brittle Grace, the mistress of the mysterious Isle of Jersey mansion where she lives during WWII with her small children, this Gothic chiller would be a real treat. The pace is purposefully slow, and the colors are all watery and muted: the gigantic house surrounded by fog and greenery seems like something out of a Willkie Collins sensation novel. Grace lives in the mansion bereft of her husband (who has left her to go to War) and servants (who recently left Grace and her children on a  traumatic day in the recent past we hear referred to again and again in the film ). Her eldest child, the willful Anne (Alakina Mann, in a memorable child's performance), is reporting encounters with a frightened and angry family of ghosts living in the house with them. It is into this that on one day a trio of strangers, led by Mrs. Mills (Fionnula Flannagan) approach Grace in the mansion looking for work... but it seems they know this house already from before... Many who saw this film in 2001 were disappointed in that its ending reminded them too much of another popular ghost film. But this is unfair, especially given that THE OTHERS started filming before the other film had been released. It's a superbly scary Gothic, and offers three superlatives for the three women at its core: FLannagan, Mann, and the amazingly complex Kidman.     