 Tati spent years working on this, the summa of all his comedic direction. PLAYTIME is a study of a day and night in an unrecognizable Paris, where modernist architecture have all but obliterated the city everyone remembers. Tati's point is that this is what urban life has done to Western civilization worldwide (indeed, in the film we frequently see travel posters advertising foreign cities where the same ugly concrete skyscraper appears, blocking out the views of more distinctive landmarks behind it.) But Tati's genius is that he doesn't linger on nostalgia: no matter what has been lost, Tati's characters must move forward and make do with what they've been given. This point is gorgeously made in the film when, fleetingly, the cupolas of Sacre Coeur and the spire of the Eiffel Tower are seen as reflections in glassed doorways. As we see these reflected images, the characters in the film look back at these pre-contemporary landmarks, softly sigh, and then move forward with the modernist Paris they have been given to work in and with. But the pleasure of PLAYTIME is that this modernist Paris may be ugly but it's all a kind of glass-and-cement playground for adults: everything in Tati's Paris is breaking down and is hopelessly confusing, but this is a source of tremendous fun for the viewer--and ultimately, for the film's participants. The story follows Tati's French Everyman, the endearingly clumsy Monsieur Hulot, as his path takes him in and out of a group of American tourists (their dialogue, written by Art Buchwald, becomes most memorable when they visit a technology fair: "Ooh, and it's so pratical!" one of them intones, as she watches a model demonstrate new eyeglasses with lift-up lenses for doing one's eyeshadow.) Although Hulot's confusion with modernity inevitably brings chaos in his wake, just about everyone adores him, and by the end of the film he's memorably charmed the prettiest of the tourists. Also by the film's brilliant ending the triumph of this sense of postmodern "play" is firmly in place: everytime I see this film I choke up at the end (and can't explain why) when the traffic circle becomes brilliantly transformed (by Tati's brilliant editing and choreography) into a kind of funfair. There's something very moving in seeing that, finally, that Tati reaffirms this landscape of modernity as a space for fun and play, rather than for alienation and disintegration. I was very lucky to have first seen this film in the Eighties on a widescreen, at the Brattle Theatre in Cambridge, Mass. It's just about impossible to see this film this way anymore, and it's a great shame: the widescreen ratio was employed to full use by Tati, and there's often something going on on both sides of the screen that the current DVD format can't pick up. But this is small potatoes: this film is a masterpiece, and deserves to be seen in any format.     