 Making a mnusical out of Fellini's most famous film, OTTO E MEZZO, might have seemed like a foredoomed enterprise, but Arthur Kopit and Maury Yeston pulled it off. They wisely jettisoned many of the most famous of the film's sequences (how could ever they compete directly with Fellini's' images?) and created their own; taking off from the source material's famous "harem" fantasy sequence, they cast all of the people at the spa who surround Guido as women (to emphasize his problems with sexuality and pleasing women); and they also made the part of Guido's long-suffering wife, Luisa, much more sympathetic and multidimensional than in the original film. (The only downside is that some of the lyrics spell things out for you a bit too didactically, and the show's awful preachy closing number, sung by the young Guido to his older self, is terrible.) The result is a pretty terrific work in its own right, and the producers of this revival assembled one of the best broadway casts in years to beef up what's lost in the stripped-down orchestrations. At the center of the production is Antonio Banderas, ideally cast as Guido: although Yeston's tonguetwister lyrics give his hevaily accented English some trouble, it works perfectly with the character (who although wonderuflly intelligent is himself having troubles articulating his thoughts). Banderas's singing voice is astonishingly splendid--he shines in the Mozartean later "Casanova" sequences--and he brings a lot of humor and endearing sexiness to his performance. Jane Krakowski, as Guido's mistress Carla,  steals the show in this revival production with her rendition of "A Call from the Vatican," one of the wscore's best numbers. Although unfortunately she keeps making gaspy orgasmic sounds like Jayne Mansfield (a nod, probably, to Krakowski's popular shampoo commercials), she's also in magnificent voice. But the real revelation in this cast is Mary Stuart Masterson as Luisa: who knew Masterson could sing so beautifully (as she does on "Be On Your Own"), or could make Luisa seem actually funny in her world-weariness? This is a cast of the kind of quality that may never be assembled again for a Broadway show.     