 Phil Morrison's JUNEBUG is a quiet indie film largely about a culture clash when a handsome Chicago man (Alessandro Nivola) brings his beautiful, intelligent art dealer wife (Embeth Davidtz) home to his North Carolina smalltown. Although the good and empathetic Madeline wishes to be kind and respectful to her new in-laws, she cannot help but upset them by her mere presence: to George's sullen brother-in-law Johnnie's (Ben McKenzie), her intelligence and beauty are intimidating in a way that causes him to lash out at her, and which cause his father Eugene to hide in seclusion in his woodshop, frightened by her attractions; to her tight-lipped mother-in-law Peg (Celia Weston), Madeline represents the new ways which she thinks have lured her favorite son away from his home and its values. Only Johnnie's talkative lonely pregnant wife Ashley (Amy Adams) responds openly and lovingly to Madeline, who represents almost a state of grace to Ashley in terms of her beauty and privileged cosmopolitan lifestyle.  The film's performances are terrific, and while Adams's work has been justly praised and awarded (she seems to have almost no outer hide as Ashley, and wears her enthusiasms and loves so openly she carries all before her). Davidtz is also superb as a basically good and kind woman who has become a kind of serpent in Eden despite herself, simply because of what she represents. But Morrison and the screenwriter, Angus Maclachlan, are so careful not to overshape the material that they leave it a bit amorphous, and the roots of some of the problems of the characters are never fleshed out. The most crucial problem is that the key role of Madline's husband, the adored George (Nivola), is left grossly underwritten: it's never clear why he has not returned to North Carolina for three years when he clearly respects his family and his roots so much, or why he leaves his wife almost entirely to her own devices during their stay when his family is so openly hostile to her. You also wonder why this extremely articulate woman never bothers to ask her husband for any help or advice during their stay, other than the fact that the film seems (both formally and thematically) to be a kind of glorification of inarticulacy, represented by the handsome George who snoozes all day on the sofa and then happily makes silent love to his wife at night on the inflatable guest mattress. Indeed, George seems at some level to want Madeline to avoid her career and show her respects to the family, which are somehow connected in this film to female fertility. When Madeline does not attend a family member's visit to the hospital (as George wishes she would) so she can pursue her career for a crucial encounter with an artist she is courting for her gallery, the results are disastrous, almost as if to suggest that Madeline's desires for a career are ultimately deadly to family life. It's a bizarrely conservative ending.  The DVD is greatly enabled by a commentary from Davidtz and Adams, who show not only tact but also insight and humor in their comments about the film.      