 There's almost no one between the ages of 45 and 30 who can't sing all the words to "Summer Days, Summer Nights," and that's probably the best testament to the enduring popularity of "Grease," which was really the last successful movie musical in the great Hollywood tradition. The film was the most financially successful musical ever made, and when it was released it was almost impossible to go anywhere in America or Europe that summer without hearing the film's hits on the radio. The central casting was just about ideal, with John Travolta perfect for the narcissistic and endearingly dumb Danny Zuko and the pop singer Olivia Newton-John as the virginal Sandy Olsen (originally Sandy Dumbowski in the stage version, but they had to explain Newton-John's accent and made her, somewhat bizarrely, a visiting Australian exchange student). Newton-John is extremely likeable and enchantingly pretty (with her highly etched cheekbones and big wide eyes): it's a real shame she never had the film career she deserved, because she is exceptionally winning in this film. Her singing is lovely too, although her big number ("Hopelessly Devoted to You") was written by her usual songwriter John Farrar and doesn't sound like any other song in the film's score. The rest of the cast is fair to middling, with Eve Arden basically walking away with the rest of the film as an Our Miss Brooks-like principal. Didi Conn makes the only real favorable impression out of the actors attempting (largely unsuccessfully) to convince us that they're teenagers. Stockard Channing is far too old to play Rizzo (although she's quite fine in both of her big numbers), and most of the actors who play the T-Birds are fairly annoying--they seem to be Borscht Belt comedians on special loan to Rydell High (that must be some exchange program).  The film is not without its puzzling points: you never seem to figure out why the televised national dance competition is being held with only the Rydell kids participating, or why the final song celebrates how much the characters like one another when they seemed largely unable to stand one another at all during the rest of the film. But its worth watching just for Travolta and Newton-John, and above all for the fine choreography ("Summer Days, Summer Nights" is a particular standout).     