 LADY IN THE DARK is one of the most seminal musicals in the history of the genre (the first musical to be more of a serious drama than a comedy, and certainly the first musical to deal with as weighty a theme as psychoanalysis), and it has some of the most beautiful of all Kurt Weill's music (including such standards as "Saga of Jenny," "This is New," and of course "My Ship"). But, unfortunately, its dated presentation of its themes (particularly with regard to gender) have made this loveliest of all 40s musicals virtually impossible to revive on the stage. The best recording has for years been a staged version done for RCA starring Ris Stevens as Liza and Adolph Green as Russell Paxton (the roles Gertrude Lawrence and Danny Kaye made famous on the stage), but as fine as they were in these roles the orchestrations were sadly abbreviated (completely leaving out "The Dance of the Tumblers" and cutting out a good half of the beautiful extended sequence "Girl of the Moment"). This newest version from a London 1997 gorgeously reinstates the score and its orchestrations to their full glory: the cascading counterpoints of "Girl of the Moment," in particular, show a particularly sumptuous side to Kurt Weill's Broadway music that perhaps most people have forgotten. The only problem with this revival is the London cast. Many of the performers are quite good (such as the Russell Paxton), and the role of Randy Curtis has perhaps never been so well sung as here. But Maria Friedman was a terrible choice for the starring role of Liza Elliot, who carries almost all of the score's most beautiful vocal work. Whether by intention or accident, Friedman attempts an incredibly harsh American accent that is all wrong for the part, making Liza seem in her dream sequences coarse and unpleasant, when she is supposed to be the height of glamour and sophistication. It really sends the entire recording askew. This is the most complete version of the musical that exists, but I would still send someone to the old Ris Stevens version while we wait for a complete LADY IN THE DARK recording with a Liza who can do this great role justice (perhaps Audra McDonald, or Melissa Errico).     