 The middle-class Newtons of Santa Rosa, California in Hitchcock's film might seem to be very much akin to the idealized smalltown families in M-G-M films during the Thirties and Forties, if not for the fact that they each seem to have initially retreated into their own fantasy, worlds and seem so out of touch with one another. The father lives to discuss the crime magazines he collects with his next-door neighbor. Anne, the fearfully precocious eight year-old daughter, is trying to read all the novels in the town library. Emma, the sentimental mother, often drops into reveries of her idealized childhood with her adored baby brother Charlie. Charlie's namesake niece (Teresa Wright) is convinced her family needs to be shaken out of their doldrums, and is grateful when her beloved uncle (Joseph Cotton) surprises the family with a welcome surprise visit. But Uncle Charlie is not quite what he seems: the police want to question him about a matter back East, and then there are the expensive gifts he showers his relatives with which don't seem to belong to him... Hitchock once called this variant of the wolf-among-the-lambs parable his best American film; though he later recanted, it's hard not to think his original assessment was right. Although this film has all the cleverness and adroitness we associate with his other great films (in his repeated use of twinning motifs, and in such virtuoso sequences as young Charlie's rush to the library to discover the truth about her uncle--and the famous crane shot when she finds it), it's rare in that it has a truly superb script (credited to Thornton Wilder) that allows Hitchock's excellent cast to play real and multilayered human beings. Although there are many memorable performances in Hitchcock films, he never had another film in which every single member of the cast seems to be living up to his or her highest potential: even the two local Santa Rosa children he cast as the two youngest Newtons, Edna May Wonacott (as the surprisingly complex Anne) and Charles Bates (as little Roger), linger long in the memory. Cotton has the performance of his career as the evil and manipulative Uncle Charlie: he's so effective that initially Teresa Wright, as the younger Charlie (the only one of the Newtons to fully understand the truth about Cotton), seems greatly outmatched. But as the film continues Wright brings such steely determination to her role that you understand how this sweet young woman can successfully be an obstacle to Uncle Charlie's schemes. She's impossible to forget (especially in the way she walks down the street--shoulders hunched, hands clenched--when she runs away from the dinner table). The film's standout performance, however, is the stage actress Patricia Collinge in the great linchpin role of the mother. Collinge's Emma Newton initially seems a fluttering, silly, ordinary woman, but Collinge invests the role with so much depth of feeling that when Uncle Charlie cruelly warns young Charlie what the revelation of his identity will do to his sister, you know why the niece will not dare break her mother's heart (even at the risk of her own life). Collinge's Emma is what the film's deep and abiding humanism (so rare for a Hitchcock film!) is staked upon--she represents both what Uncle Charlie wants to destroy and what young Charlie is so desperate to save. And when Collinge makes her great, sad "forgetting you're you" speech near the film's end--where, for in the only time in her life, this sweet, self-martyring woman gives voice to what she may have given up to raise her family--, you fully understand why the stakes are so high. It's a classic performance--perhaps the single finest and richest in Hitchcock's entire corpus.     