 This is a terrible book, but a predictable one. By that I mean that in the last fifty years argument about almost any vexing issue has increasingly been fueled by Agenda--and Wills    goes at it with a vengeance. Consider: He is clearly right about Pius XII who was probably worse than anyone has made him out to be. In the best of all worlds he would have been a mediocre canon lawyer. As it is he has become a disgrace to Christianity. That is a provable or disprovable point. I happen to agree with Mr. Wills. But Wills will not leave it at that--his real target is the theological anthropology of Paul VI and John Paul II. Using Pius XII  to attack Paul VI and John Paul II is a rhetorical trick I would give a student an F for using. This makes me question the good faith of the first part of the book. The inner workings of the Vatican are of no interest to me and the stuff of B movies. What is interesting is a good discussion of a contraceptive vs. a noncontraceptive anthropology--not an argument of progressive and conservative--silly words. Mr. Wills supports a woman's right to choose an abortion--fair enough--but the deal is that  in supporting that position one thereby excommunicates oneself from the Church. Mr. Wills is free to found his own religion if he chooses. But you can't say I want to play tennis and have four serves--it would be a game but it would not be tennis. One final and really detestable point about the book--a small one. Wills reachs to find an anti-semitic quote made by Dietrich Bonhoeffer in 1933--he of course does not go on to mention how thoroughly Bonhoeffer apologized and repudiated that position (see his Ethics). He calls him a "protestant liberal" (Bonhoeffer was an Orthodox Lutheran) and he adds-damning with feint praise-- "who however protested the holocaust" (he did  more Wills fails to mention project 7) Protested? Being hanged by the Nazis counts as "protested"? Just as I suppose Mr. Wills "protests" the present structure of the Catholic Church. This book is an offense not only toward Catholics but toward all Christians--and it is condescending toward Judiasm--though I doubt Mr. Wills notices.     