 I received my black iPod nano (my first ipod or anything Apple) six days ago, September 22. Let me tell you, this little baby is sweet..but as a first adopter, I think I may have got hosed on the casing.   I put this in my pocket, with nothing else in the pocket like keys, change , etc., and wore it around town a few days (of course, showing off a bit). By the end of the second day there were scratches all over, deep ones, on the black casing, and worst of all , the screen. Also on the back silver casing.   I was distraught, but fortunately found some blogs that told me to use Brasso (NOT other polishes, which did not work). The Brasso made it new again, no damage! (note-don't use it on the spin wheel).  FYI, KEEP THE PLASTIC COVER THE NANO COMES WITH ON AND USE IT..I THREW MINE AWAY LIKE A FOOL!!! This will help until you get a case.    Besides the problems with the case (I will defintely buy a new case soon, I love it!! I have had it go FIFTEEN HOURS with no charge! I have about 600 songs on it, my contacts, and calendar.  Here are some suggestions:   * Everytime I sync the calendar/contacts, it adds another duplicate set of contacts. I need to figure this out or maybe it is a built in flaw.  *Having the calendar sync is nice. Built in alarms also.  *Have not done much with pics, but plan too.  *This is my first ipod, I am sure others have similar features, I love the ability to look up songs by ALBUM, ARTIST, RECENTLY PURCHASED, RECENTLY PLAYED, TOP 25, GENRE, etc. Nice feature.  * Volume is good, when played real loudly some minor distortion.  * Color screen and 4gig flash is awesome!   *Recharging via USB is a breeze! Hint: I bought the Apple power chargerto hook into outlet via USB, if you are are the road and don't have a computer power source you need this. NOT included in package.     All in all , I am pleased, with the size, battery life, color screen, and features. Just wished Apple had used some good material on the casing.All in all, four stars, if you wait until Apple corrects the casing, or use the soon to be on the market cases, you will be fine. I have also heard the PDA clear screen protectors work.               