 I've had my iPod Shuffle for one week now.  I think it is great. Its small, easy to use, and the battery seems to last a long time as I haven't run the battery out yet.  I like the fact that I could play my music over the radio if I purchased the accessory.  There are also many ways to carry the iPod with you, around the neck (which is how it comes), a couple of different arm bands or a couple of different clips that can attach it to a shirt, waist, or other place (but these are extra, and i haven't decided how I want to carry it around in the gym.) I also like that it plays a variety of music formats like MP3 or the iTunes format.  I decided to keep a little space on it so that i can carry documents and files back and forth between the office and home, and I haven't even come close to using all the memory on it.   I like to load it with the songs that I want for that day, run, or what ever.  It is pretty quick and easy to change the songs on.  I've used both options for playing songs - shuffle or in order.  It just depends on my mood at the time or with those particular songs that I've loaded.   Remember it is very small (I was surprised how small it is even though I looked at the pictures of it) and plugs into a USB port to load or change music as well as for charging up (no changing batteries, unless they wear out, and then a dealer would have to change them.)  If there is any problem, I found that on my Gateway Desktop at work I could not plug the iPod Shuffle into the front USB ports. (I had an extra USB hub that solved the problem for me, so just beware that the edges of the iPod Shuffle may stick out just enough to cause problems with were you want to plug it in.)   The music quality is good and i can use it with the headphones or with computer speakers.  I plugged it into the JBL Creature 2 speakers, as well as my regular stereo system via a headphone plug to RCA adapter, and both sounded good.  Added later:  I've found out that the Shuffle is susceptible to moisture like sweat, and decided to protect it with the DLO ActionJacket for the iPod Shuffle.     