 This book is one of those works that makes me wish Amazon reviewers could award half stars. I felt it was a good 3.5 star effort and I hesitated between giving it a 3 and a 4. Eventually I decided on the lower score, as Brimstone did not fully warp up all of its plot threads, instead leaving at least one critical one to be decided in an eventual sequel. But you can consider it a "strong 3" if that helps.  I had given Still Life with Crows, the authors' preceding novel featuring enigmatic FBI Special Agent Aloysius Pendergast, a very negative review. Therefore, I think it's only fair for me to give credit where it is due. Brimstone is far more entertaining than Crows, and the Pendergast character works much better in Manhattan than he did in Kansas.  Brimstone depends in part on characters introduced in Relic and Reliquary, and on events described in the Cabinet of Curiosities. Some of the mysteries left unresolved in Cabinet are revealed here. The setting is very evocative at times of old New York, especially those scenes that take place at Pendergast's old mansion on Riverside Drive.  Pendergast is reunited with his former collaborator and sidekick Vincent D'Agosta, who has come down in the world personally and professionally since he and Pendergast last worked together. Pendergast himself has had his freewheeling maverick style reined in somewhat by his FBI superiors. Of course, he is still impossibly independent, but the reader is more than willing to suspend disbelief for the sake of enjoying his antics.  The novel's central question is a simple though very interesting one: Is the devil coming to personally claim those who belong to him? And if not, what agency is in fact responsible for the fiery deaths that a group of acquaintances begin to experience? These questions will lead Pendergast and D'Agosta across the ocean.  Some of the personal details in the novels don't ring quite true. It doesn't seem likely that the very competent D'Agosta character would have undergone so many major reversals in such a short period of time - most of them self-inflicted. And the way in which D'Agosta's renewed association with Pendergast instantly begins to reverse his fortunes smacks more of magical good luck charms than of character development.  We receive more tantalizing hints about what Pendergast and his associate Wren found in the Cabinet of Curiosities and in the old mansion on the Upper West Side. More cryptic clues about Pendergast's relatives are dropped. There does however seem to be an end to at least that aspect of the Pendergast saga in sight. Some very definite predictions are made. If the writers play fair, at least we won't be subjected to an endless success of cliffhangers.  The writing is far from flawless. At times Child and Preston act as if they are the only two people in the world who have ever read a book. For instance, they seem to think that the name Aloysius is incredibly obscure and that nobody knows how to pronounce or spell it. They borrow the character of Count Fosco from writer Wilkie Collins (The Woman in White), but then they feel the need to patronizingly explain this in an afterward, as if no one but they has ever read Collins. Worse yet, their Fosco is said to be intended to be essentially the same character, but he lacks all of the Collins creation's wonderful charm and wit. He retains only the grosser half of the original Fosco's traits allied with a kind of teenage smirkiness.  I think the authors would be better served not to write down to their supposed audience but to instead assume that if they know how to pronounce a word, or if they're familiar with a literary work, then so is their audience. After all, in those cases where this is not true, the reader in question can always fill in the gaps for himself - that's what the Internet is for!  But the bottom line is that despite the one cliffhanger, the book wraps up fairly satisfactorily and the pages keep turning. The Pendergast character is not getting off as many quietly devastating one-liners and understated insults as he did when he was fresh, but he is still capable of dominating each scene he is in. I will definitely read the eventual sequel (hopefully the conclusion to at least one Pendergast family story arc).     