 Washington Post reporter and editor Joel Garreau's Radical Evolution could have been a good introduction to the debate over the future of humanity once the inevitable technological and knowledge explosion known by its prophets as the Singularity occurs. Instead, it's an unconsciously one-sided view of the near and middle future that ignores the more intriguing aspects of the debate.  His starting point is what he calls The Curve, a supposedly looming transcendent upswing in technological and biotechnical achievement that will change human existence in unprecedented ways within the next few decades. The Curve will be a step of a far greater and different type than any we have experienced before, even the major transformations which followed the introductions of the car, the airplane, atomic power and weaponry, the space age, and the Internet.  Garreau first takes a look at what he calls the Heaven scenario, made famous in futurist circles by sf writer Vernor Vinge and inventor Ray Kurzweil. This is the view that the soon-to-appear Curve is Vinge's Singularity, an event that will make us all gods: physically perfect (if we choose to retain physical bodies at all, which will be gauche and unnecessary when we can simply be uploaded as computer software and thus freed from the unpleasantness and messiness of physical existence); practically immortal; and unconstrained by energy requirements from pursuing any endeavor we might want to. This is the glowing Singularity known disparagingly as the Rapture of the Nerds by its doubters.  Garreau interviewed Kurzweil extensively for this book. The most valuable parts of the book are what important figures such as Kurzweil, Bill Joy, and Francis Fukuyama have to say. The problem is that the reader has to cut through a lot of Garreau to get to a little Kurzweil. Garreau himself (his travel ordeals reaching his subjects, where and what he ate and drank on his travels, his opinions on DDT and nuclear fission, and other ramblings) is by far the major personality in the book - an odd choice for a reporter to make.  Garreau next considers the Hell scenario, for an exposition of which he turns to Sun Microsystems former chief scientist Bill Joy, who has made himself wildly unpopular in futurist circles by expressing fears about soon-to-happen Curve-inspired developments such as genetically engineered diseases targeted at specific races or groups, etc. Joy is portrayed as a prophet of doom whose negativity is just as simplistic and wrongheaded as Kurzweil's futurist cheerleading.  So having scorned the too hot and too cold porridges, Garreau turns to the just right one: the Prevail scenario, which involves a soft landing by humanity on the new technologies.  Garreau takes the purple giraffe approach to the debate over The Curve. He first dismisses the exorbitant claims of the purple giraffes' rabid partisans who claim that all our problems will magically disappear once the purple giraffes arrive here. He then looks at the claims of those who would demonize the purple giraffes and who are frantically warning the rest of us about the terrors that the reign of the giraffes will bring. Garreau finds this approach equally one-sided.  So with an air of smug self-congratulation over his Solomonic wisdom, his reasonable Middle Way, his gift for seeing both sides of an issue which most of the rest of us lack, Garreau concludes that the giraffes' arrival won't mean either Heaven or Hell. Sure, they will change everything radically once they get here - ands that will be soon - but we'll muddle through. Problem solved.  Of course, the real question is about the (probably fictitious) giraffes, not about their effects. That's why I say Garreau has missed the more intriguing aspects of the debate. For example, not once in the book proper is Roger Penrose mentioned. There is one brief reference to him in the "For Further Reading" bibliography that follows the book, and that is all. This a glaring omission that grates on anyone who is passingly familiar with futurist issues, but whose absence is probably not noticed by newcomers to these issues. I feel such newcomers have been poorly served by Garreau's book and will gain from it a misleading impression of the status of The Curve, and of computer consciouness and "uploading" of people to software, in genuine scientific circles.  The only very brief consideration which Garreau pays to the idea that we may still simply be in the middle of an era of continual, churning change (as we always have been), instead of on the cusp of an explosion of a different type of change than we have ever known before, is when he walks around a symposium in Boston and asks attendees why some of them might not be believers in the imminence of The Curve (Garreau's capital letters). When he doesn't receive any knock-down arguments against The Curve, he concludes that his, and the Heaven, Hell, and Prevail proponents' beliefs in it, are beyond question.  This is of course completely backward and unscientific. It is essentially impossible to actively disprove all possible hypotheses one at a time. That is why the burden of proof in scientific circles has always rested on those making the new claims, not on those who are not making them. And the more unprecedented the claims, the heavier the burden of proof is. It's impossible to prove that the purple giraffes don't exist or aren't coming. But you can't conclude from their doubters' inability to disprove them that they're on their way here.  There are many, many flaws in Garreau's writing and reasoning, such as it is. He constantly interjects himself into the story, which is distracting as well as boring. Who really needs to hear about the details of his interviews with his famous subjects? The point is what they have to say, not where they said it or how many layovers Garreau had on his flight to meet them.  The book is permeated with Garreau's aging hippy sensibilities. He quotes from the Whole Earth catalog. He speaks with approval of the Rachel Carson-inspired ban on DDT (a senselessly tragic ban which has killed more human beings than all the dictators throughout history have managed to do). He speaks with fearful hippy horror about nuclear energy, the irrational fear of which has condemned billions to live in poverty and squalor. If he is going to get all of his scientific opinions from the popular culture, I wish he would expose himself to Steven Milloy, Michael Crichton, Roger Penrose, and the more sensible French environmental movement, which correctly sees nuclear energy as the Greenest alternative energy source.  One example of his poor reasoning should suffice: "To get from the formation of the Earth to the first muticellular organisms took perhaps 4 billion years. Getting from tiny organisms to the first mammals took 400 million years. Getting from mammals to the first primitive monkeys took 150 million years. Getting from monkeys to hominid species such as chimpanzees took something like 30 million years. Notice how the pace accelerates?"  But the "pace" hasn't necessarily accelerated if the size of the steps varies greatly. Garreau's landmarks are arbitrary ones, not carefully calibrated equidistant ones. Most scientists, and probably most people on the street, would see the jump from tiny organisms to mammals to be far, far greater than the jump from monkeys to hominids. So the fact that the one step took 400 million years and the other took 30 million years might actually represent a great decrease in the pace of evolution. Or maybe not. But the point is that Garreau tries to interject a mathematical calculation of rate of change to a magazine-quiz style sequence of events.  Garreau misses the chance to really explore the interesting questions of what a new humanity might mean. Religion gets a very brief mention in the last chapter, in the form of some mystical references to Teilhard de Chardin. On the psychological side Garreau does dutifully cite the point that many make that computer consciousness and uploading seem to be an idea whose popularity peaks with men in their 50s, who always put the onset of this new era within the next 20 years (thus granting them immortality). But he doesn't really follow up on this point, or on how the wish may be father to the thought.  He speaks with people who are clearly misfits and partial failures on the human, social level, who clearly have an unhealthy hatred of their own physical beings, but he accepts their "everyone will be on an equal software footing in the future" views as being rational rather than emotional, antihuman rejections of our actual existences in favor of some sterile life as software.  Skip this one unless you already have enough of a background on the subject not to be in danger of being misled by Garreau's biases and omissions. And even then, just skim this for the money quotes from the principals themselves.     