 Bland and mediocre are words that have appeared in many of the reviews, and I think they apply. The disc doesn't bite, it's just blah. One good song, Vertigo, and that's it. The rest is filler, unfortunately.  I don't necessarily mind the slow stuff and the more thoughtful pieces. Many of my favorite U2 tracks are songs such as Running to Stand Still, Bad, An Cat Dubh, Into the Heart, even Van Diemen's Land. But most of Bomb's tracks are slow without being good.  And except for Vertigo there's little intensity to the disc. So what do you have? An adult contemporary album with U2's name on it (plus the one good rock track).  If you're a U2 fan and completist, of course you're going to buy it - in fact, of course you already have it, just as I do.  If you're a hater here to talk about how other groups are so much better than U2 who you think sux, why are you bothering? If you hate them that much, okay, but is there any real point to posting that stuff where reviews of this disc are supposed to go? And of course you're not going to buy Bomb.  So the real question is what about marginal fans: The type who have Joshua Tree in their collection because it was a must-have album with lots of rock hits, but didn't even bother considering buying Pop (if you even knew it was released)? I'd say skip it or you'll be disappointed. You can catch Vertigo through the radio or video and you're not missing anything by not having the other tracks. In five years, nobody will be listening to this album (unlike War, The Unforgettable Fire, Joshua Tree, and Achtung Baby).  One thing about the lyrics: if you're listening to rock or pop or hip hop lyrics expecting to be enlightened about politics or economics or religion, you're looking in the wrong place. Turn the volume down and pick up a book about one of those things. That's just what most musicians, including these guys, by definition haven't done.   You don't get to the top of the rock world by paying attention in school. You get there by focusing exclusively on your music from the time you're 15 and you and your friends form a band (U2, for example). That's okay. That's the same way you become a great tennis player or model. But that doesn't mean that Anna Kournikova or Bono has much to offer anyone halfway educated in terms of understanding politics or history. How could they?  Musicians do best lyrically when they stick to things they can relate to just as well as their audience can, such as relationships (or substance abuse, as in Running to Stand Still. Now heroin addiction is a subject lots of musicians ARE qualified to offer something important on).  But in general, don't look for great insight in pop lyrics. If you like the sound, it's a good song. Bomb's problem is, not enough good sounding music.     