 The bottom line is that Life Expectancy is a successful book because the reader wants to keep reading and find out what happens. Even most of its critical reviewers have admitted as much.  Yes, the attempts at "humor" are relentless and heavyhanded. It's true that much of the dialogue is cringe-inducing. But the long-time Koontz reader is prepared to look past these flaws and focus on the story and characters, which are compelling.  Despite its casual air, Life Expectancy is actually very well plotted. The reader is told up front what the story is and who its villain is, but there is still a mystery left unanswered: what's it all about? And it's a very gripping one, too. That's what keeps the pages turning. Readers may find themselves repeatedly flipping back to several key pages that give tantalizing hints as to what is really going on.  The main outline of the story is given up front: As Jimmy Tock is being born, his grandfather is dying. The grandfather predicts that five days will be truly terrible ones in his grandson's life. He names the exact dates, but gives only teasing clues as to the natures of the five days' dreadfulness, which makes them hard to prepare for. To stay home or go to a place of safety? To be alone or to be surrounded by family and friends (and thus potentially place THEM at risk)? To involve law enforcement or not?  Of course Jimmy and his family don't always resolve these questions in the best possible way - if they did, there might be no story. And there is a certain, "Don't go in the barn," feel to some of the choices Jimmy makes (You know, as in a horror movie where no one who enters the barn comes out, but instead of running away, the other characters keep going into the barn one or two at a time to see what's up).  Though the run of the story is therefore in some ways predictable, especially once we have been taken through the first of the five days, Koontz continues to liven things up. For instance, Jimmy soon experiences a truly terrible day that was NOT one of the original five. The curveballs keep coming, so you're never tempted to just peek at the end and find out the one big revelation - there are too many good little revelations that would be missed that way.  Koontz is being consciously unserious at times, and that's necessarily not a bad thing. He makes one of his villains a circus clown, after all (not much of a spoiler; this is revealed at the book's start). It's obvious he's writing tongue in cheek at times and he had a good time creating this novel.  The novel is superior to much of his other recent work in several ways. It does not have one specific "moral" (re eugenics (One Door Away from Heaven) or parenthood (The Face), for example) that the story is loosely tacked onto to illustrate. Children are present and important to the story without being precocious and smirky and impossibly adult-spoken. Better yet, as others have pointed out, there is not a single superintelligent dog to be found.  I thought I felt the influence of G.K. Chesterton throughout much of the book. Even stronger was the similarity I saw between Jimmy's picturesque grandmother Rowena and Hazel Stone, the grandmother in Robert Heinlein's The Rolling Stones. Of course two authors could independently come up with cantankerous, amusing, pathologically lying grandmothers, but as a former science fiction writer Koontz would be well aware of the Heinlein book. I mean no slur towards Koontz; Rowena may well have been created as a conscious homage to Hazel and Heinlein.     