 New Spring is an extended version of the novella of the same name, originally published in the anthology "Legends."  While the novel's added material does not include any new, earthshaking revelations, the book represents a very welcome return by Jordan to the more lucid writing style that made him so popular in the first place. Set about 18 years before The Eye of the World, New Spring is mainly told from the points of view of Moiraine and Lan.  The last third or so of the novel is essentially just a reprinting of the novella. The story prior to that takes place in the White Tower and relates Gitara Moroso's Foretelling about the Dragon Reborn, and its aftermath and effect on Moiraine and her close friend and fellow Accepted, Siuan Sanche. New Spring is very reminiscent in many ways of the first two Wheel of Time novels.  It is similar to The Eye of the World in that Jordan wisely limits his points of view to two major personages instead of jumping wildly from one minor character to another, as has too often been the habit in the last four novels in the series. It is similar to The Great Hunt in the way that much of the story is set in the White Tower and told from the points of view of two young Accepted trying to conduct their own investigation into some very serious matters without being found out by the Amyrlin and the other Aes Sedai. The ajahs and their customs - particularly the Blues' - are explored more thoroughly than Jordan has done before.  While none of the new material is crucial to the series, much of it is interesting.  Jordan relates Moiraine's test to be raised to Aes Sedai, which has certain similarities to Nynaeve's Accepted test in The Great Hunt, though Moiraine's test is much more involved.  Jordan being Jordan, though, public female nudity is again a prominent part of the test and the novel. One of the weaknesses of New Spring is that too many characters of the Wheel of Time series proper are dragged onstage to make unnatural-feeling, contrived, cameo appearances.  It also does not seem very likely that so many of the key Aes Sedai of the Wheel of Time era would only have been Accepted at the time of New Spring.  Siuan's and Moiraine's close friendship that continues publicly even after both join the Blue Ajah flatly contradicts what has been related before. All in all, though, New Spring represents a refreshing return by the once (and future?) king of epic fantasy to the style that won him so many fans a decade ago.  If Jordan's writing renaissance carries over to book 11 of the Wheel and beyond, his fans will regard this prequel detour as a very fortunate diversion.     