 Knife of Dreams is the 11th volume in Robert Jordan's massive Wheel of Time series. Supposedly the series will finally wrap up in the book after this one. Unfortunately, Knife of Dreams did not bring most of the many ongoing storylines significantly closer to resolution.  The book was not entirely uneventful, as a few significant events did occur within it. The ending however was not all that it could have been. Several long-awaited events seemed at times to be moving toward fruition, but then these promising storylines were once more put on hold until the next book. Some prior books in the series (such as The Fires of Heaven, and Winter's Heart) were mostly slow throughout but then redeemed themselves with spectacular endings. Knife of Dreams scatters its somewhat meager share of action throughout its length.  The biggest weakness of this series since Lord of Chaos has been the proliferation of point of view characters. Readers have been asked to spend too long inside the heads of characters who are unlikable, uninteresting, unimportant to the plot, and who know much less than the series' readers know. For instance, Galina Casban, the Black Ajah Aes Sedai, is again featured prominently. Her portions of the book are neither enjoyable nor informative, as is always the case with her.  The book also spends a significant amount of time with Tuon, the Daughter of the Nine Moons, whose beliefs regarding practically everything on this side of the Aryth Ocean are woefully off-base. Her many misconceptions are just irritating to the experienced reader. Moreover, she is annoyingly superior and immaturely violent, like almost all of Jordan's characters of late (particularly the women).  Jordan seems unable to grasp that overreporting in excruciating detail the doings of minor characters such as Therava and Rolan and Pevara and Dyelin is not what made his series successful. Characterization used to be his strength, specifically the concentration on about half a dozen major characters (the Emonds Fields youths, plus Min and Elayne). He seems to have shifted to focusing on events rather than people, which would be more bearable if more of the long-promised events actually occurred. Instead of action and plot substituting for character development, we get yet more foreshadowings of future action. This is a bad trade no matter whether the reader prefers plot or persons.  Rand, Nynaeve, and Min are given fairly short shrift in this book, especially Min. She has been reduced to the status of an observer whose role is to stand faithfully by Rand. This is less unbearable than the role of most of the other characters (especially the women), too many of whom seem to think their role is to do the exact opposite of whatever would be helpful. But it's still rather boring.  Nynaeve has similarly been reduced to merely being Lan's wife at times. In any case, both she and Rand are only on the scene briefly.  Mat and Perrin are featured somewhat more prominently than Rand is, though that is not necessarily a positive. Perrin remains consumed with rescuing his wife Faile to the exclusion of all else. This is understandable, but not particularly related to the larger plot of the book. Mat's actions too are mostly concentrated around his love interest and prophesied future wife, Tuon. Faile's parts of the book are uninteresting and trivial as always.  The book centers heavily on Elayne and her seemingly endless quest for the throne of Andor. Pretty much everyone involved in the Succession quarrel seems to be oblivious to the larger concerns around them, such as the imminence of the Final Battle and the fact that if reality itself crumbles, as seems to be occurring, the throne of Andor will be the least of anyone's concerns.  Jordan repeatedly emphasizes that unlike in "the stories," people do not really always all fall neatly into line and all join together to battle the common enemy. Okay. Point taken. Again. We get it. Obviously it's true that people don't really put all their other concerns aside even in the midst of an epic struggle. But he goes way too far in the other direction. His characters (particularly Elayne and her compatriots) don't merely conduct their personal and political business alongside the greater struggle. They entirely ignore the Dark One, the Dragon Reborn, the unraveling of the Pattern, ghosts walking, and even buildings changing their physical form. They have room in their heads ONLY for their own immediate personal goals. I find this at least as unrealistic as the attitude that Jordan thinks he is a counterbalance to.  The part of the book that focused on Egwene was one of the more readable sections. It was interesting and to-the-point and actually moved one plot thread in a forward direction. It was also at times overly sadomasochistic and brutal and it dwelt too long and lovingly on female corporal punishment, but that's been the trend of Jordan's recent books.  Whether the next book will indeed be the series finale or not, at some point Jordan is going to need to pick up the pace and write with the goal of telling an interesting story instead of with the goal of filling pages until it's finally time to write his long-envisaged final scene. He's dragged too many minor plot threads out to the point where even when he finally makes a few very small revelations, they come about three books after everyone stopped caring.  Still, I give this book three stars because: it met and even exceeded my relatively low expectations after Crossroads, etc.; because of a few noteworthy events involving Egwene, the Forsaken, and/or old characters making a welcome reappearance; because boring though they were, some longstanding minor story arcs finally came to an end, hopefully setting the stage for a next book that focuses less on the trivial; and because some interesting scenes were set (such as one involving Mat and Thom) that will almost have to be played out sooner rather than later. If you've made it this far through the series, go ahead and read Knife of Dreams. It probably won't be your least-favorite book of the series.     