 Nelson DeMille has chosen to present his doubts about Flight 800's crash truly being accidental in the form of a novel, using his established character of John Corey to lead the reader through the 1996 tragedy.  Set in the summer of 2001, "Night Fall" raises more questions than it offers answers. DeMille has violated several traditional tenets of fictionalizing history. For one thing, the only compelling "evidence" against the accident conclusion is made up by DeMille for plot purposes. It's fine to supplement known history with, for example, conversations that historical figures might plausibly have had, but it's another thing altogether to base your entire theory on something you admit to having had to invent completely because it wasn't there in real life, yet still say the story was inspired by reality.  Another practice DeMille ignores is that of offering a plausible alternate explanation to the accident theory. He paints himself into a corner and, rather than honestly admitting that no alternate explanation makes anywhere near as much sense as the simple explanation of an exploding fuel tank caused by an electrical spark, he rips the entire canvas to shreds. So all in all, what has he actually accomplished in 500 pages?  The novel's very existence is tacky. You shouldn't trivialize people's deaths with conspiracy theories. This isn't like speculating about UFOs. Real people and their families suffered horribly and died on flight 800 and on 9/11. DeMille shows startlingly bad taste in using these two tragedies to sell books. It's like joking about the Holocaust. You may say, but he had to explore his doubts about flight 800 because he truly feels them. Fine, but a) a novel is not the best place for that. Try real life. And, b) gratuitously dragging 9/11 in was totally unnecessary. It isn't needed for his theory, because he doesn't have a theory.  The novel limps along as a novel, precisely because the reader knows what endings it can't have. The usual plot suspense is lacking because of the awkward blend of fact and fiction. DeMille would probably have been better served to invent a catastrophe of his own than to latch onto flight 800.  DeMille is neither dishonest nor unintelligent, but his very sincerity renders the novel more and more absurd. If you come into the novel with some doubts about flight 800's crash truly being accidental, you may well find the accident theory making MORE sense at book's end rather than less. That is because all the hard evidence, which DeMille is too honest to suppress and too smart not to see the implications of, strengthens the accident case.  Aided by a fictional videotape of the plane being struck by a missile, Corey comes to the conclusion that the plane was shot down and the truth was covered up. The unsatisfying ending keeps DeMille from having to answer any of the awkward questions that come with the conspiracy theory:  1)	Why terrorism? The whole point of terrorism is to make a loud statement for your cause. No credible claim of responsibility by any group has ever been made for the destruction of flight 800, despite the undoubted triumph such a successful terrorist act would be to people who regard murder as a legitimate form of expression. DeMille addresses this objection weakly by naming several other terrorist actions that AT FIRST were not claimed by anyone, but these cases are very exceptional. When you need to ignore the probabilities to promote your theory, it's time to reexamine your theory.  2)	How terrorism? Unlike some extreme conspiracy theorists, DeMille doesn't just blow off all the scientific evidence. He points out how impossible it is to get thousands of people to tell the same lie with no slip-up. So he accepts the (real) lack of any explosive residue found in the plane's remains. DeMille tries to get around this by positing a non-explosive missile that destroys by igniting a fuel explosion via its kinetic energy rather than with an explosion of its own. But this explanation is purely ad hoc, a desperate scramble at holding onto the terrorism theory in the face of its increasing unlikelihood.  In order for such an attack to make sense, it would had to have had to make sense to whatever terrorists conducted the attack, even before the attack. But how sure could they be that flight 800's center tank would have precisely the amount of residual fuel left to fill the tank with explosive fuel vapors, without having too much fuel (a tank full of liquid fuel would NOT be explosive)? How could they guarantee that a non-fatal fire in the center tank would leap to the wing? Why wouldn't they use a much more common heat-seeking explosive missile rather than complicating things with a tricky kinetic missile with a low probability of success? Why wouldn't they attack the plane at its most vulnerable point, that of takeoff, rather than waiting until it was miles high? DeMille himself and his generally faithful accounts of the crash raise these questions, but he makes no attempt to answer them.  DeMille also points out that around 90% of the center fuel tank was reconstructed from the debris, with no signs of holes left by the entry or exit of a missile. DeMille's characters acknowledge that the chance that BOTH the sites of the entry and exit holes would have by chance been among the missing 10% of the tank to be around 1%. Again, his head is the accident theory's best proponent despite what his heart wants to believe.  3)	Why a cover-up? Again DeMille's honesty betrays his theorizing as his characters themselves point out that no one had anything to gain by covering up terrorism. The airline, the plane manufacturer, the government: all of them look like they've dropped the ball bigtime if flight 800 was a preventable accident. A terrorist strike gets them off the hook. If anything (and DeMille acknowledges this himself), a conspiracy would have been formed the OTHER way, to cover up the truth of an accident with the lie of terrorism. Once again DeMille raises a cogent objection to the conspiracy theory that he is then unable to answer.  4) How a cover-up? Again DeMille himself has to acknowledge the unlikelihood of keeping secret something that would have to be known to so many. He has no answer here, either.  DeMille tries to introduce some marital problems for Corey and his wife into the plot, but it's easy to tell his heart isn't in it. His only true concern was in using the novel to explore his doubts about flight 800, so he should probably have left Corey out of it. None of the "human" interactions are convincing, because DeMille's whole attention is on the speeches his characters deliver to poke holes in the accident theory.  DeMille was obviously very affected by the events of 9/11. He sees Flight 800 as part of the same pattern of terrorism that should have warned of 9/11 that he feels was shamefully ignored in the 1990s: the first WTC bombing, the bombing of the Khobar Towers, and the embassy bombings in Africa. The thing is, he can be right about his conclusions without being right about flight 800.  But whether DeMille is right or wrong about flight 800, he shouldn't have tried to prostitute Corey and the other characters to make his case. The result is that they come across as unnatural while DeMille's doubts about flight 800 are compromised by the fictions he has to invent to make the novel readable. He should have written a non-fiction account of the event instead, and he should have attempted to answer a few of the questions that the conspiracy theorizing raises.     