 Halfway through this book I was hoping the authors wouldn't come up with some cheesy supernatural resolution to their mystery. But at book's end I felt that a ghost would have been far less improbable than what they actually asked their readers to accept.  It is probably a mistake to set a book in Kansas without having some familiarity with Kansas, or at least with anyplace in the world other than the Upper East Side. It is impossible to take seriously a supposedly contemporary town that appears to be frozen in a fictional 1950 or so, with no one ever having encountered teenage rebellion or illegitimacy.  This might have sounded semi-plausible in 1950 to any urbanite entirely unfamiliar with Red State America, but Child and Preston have to be the last two people even in the northeast corridor parochial enough to actually believe that Kansas of 2003 was a cross between Clark Kent's Smallville and Deliverance.  I think they did most of their research on farming for the novel by listening to John Mellencamp's album Scarecrow.  In mind-numbingly predictable PC fashion, the town's universally shunned goth girl is intelligent and heroic while the local minister and the town's regular churchgoers are ineffectual and hypocritical. Why this is supposed to be any less preachy or uninteresting than the reverse would be, I have no idea.  Science takes a beating, too. Apparently scientists don't have as their goal helping people or advancing the cause of knowledge. They're in it strictly so that they can Wreak Havoc With Nature. And of course they are closely allied in their Dr. Evil scheme with Big Business. And everyone knows how depraved THEY are, what with supplying goods that people use and all. It's like reading The Lorax, only a version aimed a three year-olds instead of six year-olds.  The authors apparently disapprove of factory turkey packing as well, as there is a pointless preachy morality play about the subject within the greater preachy morality play.  Characterization is essentially non-existent. The characters are all types. Once they're introduced and thumbnail sketches are drawn, the reader knows exactly what to expect from them. Which demands the question: Why should the reader bother to read about them? The one partial exception is the local sheriff, but his slightly less two-dimensional quality isn't nearly enough to rescue the book.  Point of view is spread among several characters, but the protagonist is (extremely) eccentric FBI Special Agent Pendergast, an aesthetic Southerner who is deliberately evocative of the Grim Reaper. If this guy were real, he would get beaten up A LOT. He is supercilious and finicky, and just when you think he at least has the virtue of being educated, he starts spouting New Age, faux-Eastern drivel. Knowledge without judgment isn't information, it's just noise.  Pendergast's method of introducing (and ingratiating) himself to the locals leaves much to be desired. His weird antics understandably antagonize the sheriff, who has him booted, thus greatly complicating his task. The authors apparently felt it would be too simple to have him and the police on the same page, which would have averted a lot of random mayhem.  Give this one a miss unless you're trapped in an airport or someplace with no other options.     