 Hannibal continues the stories of the cannibalistic Dr. Hannibal Lecter and Clarice Starling, the FBI agent who was so fascinated by him in Silence of the Lambs.  The plot itself is suspenseful, though perhaps not quite as gripping as the hunt for serial killer Jame Gumb in Silence. Hannibal's villain, Mason Verger - a former victim of Lecter's - at times descends into unbelievable campiness. Harris seems to have written parts of the book with tongue firmly in cheek, which can make it hard for the reader to decide whether to laugh or grimace. But perhaps this was intentional.   The fact that it is the murderous Lecter rather than some poor innocent who is Verger's intended victim makes it hard for the reader to pick a side - and this definitely IS intentional.  The book's implicitly religious nature has been missed by many (though by no means all) readers and reviewers. Lecter's seemingly monstrous behavior makes perfect sense from one point of view, as those familiar with Dostoyevsky, Nietzsche, and O'Connor might agree. If God does not exist, all things are possible. So why not cannibalism? It would be interesting to hear utilitarian ethicist Peter Singer's take on this. In the comic strip Calvin and Hobbes, Calvin once suggested as a class discussion the proposal that cannibalism should call for more lenient sentencing in murder cases, on the grounds that it is less wasteful.  Homoeroticism is another prominent theme in Hannibal, with the terribly disfigured Verger being obsessed with Mann's tale of obsession itself, Death in Venice. Of course, the portrayal of Gumb in Silence had drawn criticism from homosexual groups, and the homosexual overtones of Lecter's cannibalism are obvious through the three Lecter books.  The gross-out factor of the book is high, as is the interest level. The reader finds himself simultaneously wanting to find out what happens next and just wanting it to be over.  Is it a perfect book? No. The origin of Lecter's cannibalism is presented in a manner a little too facile and straightforward, and seems almost designed to gain the reader's sympathy for Lecter.  The one element of the book which has stirred up the most controversy is the culmination of the Starling-Lecter relationship. It was a secret hidden in plain view in Silence that above all else that she was, Clarice Starling was a woman fascinated by Hannibal Lecter. That the long-foreshadowed ending came as a surprise to anyone shows simply that some people were not paying close enough attention.   Harris is not a first-order writer whose narration is meant to be infallible or 100% trustworthy. Although the readers were sometimes TOLD how bright and dedicated and together Starling was, what were we actually SHOWN was a woman who was very impressed by, respectful of, and deferential to a cannibalistic serial killer. The wise reader judged her by her actions, not by the thumbnail sketch of her given in the narration.  Starling is in fact closely akin to those pathetic creatures who send fan mail and marriage proposals to butchers such as Ted Bundy. She is a serial killer groupie. This much was made apparent in Silence, so Hannibal cannot properly be seen as a betrayal of the "real" Starling of Silence. There always was only ONE Starling: the one who was captivated by Hannibal Lecter from the very beginning.  Actress Jodie Foster (who played Starling in the movie version of Silence), is one of those who entirely missed the point of Starling in her prior appearance. She refused to reprise the role in the movie version of this book. With no apparent sense of the hideous irony involved, she announced her plans to instead go ahead with her production of a fawning biopic of Nazi propagandist Leni Riefenstahl, of whom Foster was quoted on the British Film Institute's website as saying: "She is really one of the great stories of the Twentieth century and a moral tale for all of us. She is an extraordinary woman - sharp as a tack and as beautiful as she ever was with a tremendous body."  No matter how revolting the actions of Lecter and Verger (and perhaps Starling) are, those people are entirely fictional.  But the reader should be warned: fictional though it is, the gore factor in Hannibal is high. I found it worse than Silence in that respect (though no worse than Red Dragon), so if Silence represented a limit for you, it might be best to avoid Hannibal.  But if you can stomach (sorry) the butchery, the story is well worth the read. Harris always leaves his readers wanting more. In his place, many other authors would be on book 16 of their "cannibal / killer / psychologist / detective / hero" Lecter series by now, and the character would be completely forgettable. By providing only the necessary beginning, middle, and end of the Lecter story, Harris has guaranteed his creation a lasting place in suspense fiction.     