 The first novel in Katherine Kurtz's long-awaited Childe Morgan trilogy is one of the weakest entries in the Deryni series. Kurtz seems to have lost her zeal for writing about the Deryni universe, having become entangled in a bewildering array of (mostly uninteresting) side projects over the past decade. Die-hard, completist Deryni fans will have to read the book and its sequels regardless, but this is not a book that will attract new readers to the series. Kurtz practically invented the sub-genre of occult historical fantasy. Her strongest novels are characterized by meticulously detailed magical/religious ceremonies. In the King's Service barely reads like a Deryni novel at all. Deryni powers are talked about a great deal, but are rarely on actual display to the reader. Deryni ritual is completely absent. Alaric Morgan is almost entirely missing from the book himself, appearing on the scene only as an infant at novel's end. A young Brion appears fleetingly, but the major characters in the novel are a young Alyce De Corwyn (Alaric's mother), King Donal Haldane (the future King Brion's father), and Donal's Deryni mistress, Jessamy McCathan. Alyce is an appealing character, though long-time readers of the series will know better than to get too attached to her. Donal and Jessamy are despicable people as well as uninteresting characters. Together they commit several appalling deeds and plot one unspeakable one. Distressing things have always occurred in Kurtz's books, but in the past she could be trusted to depict them as ignoble when they were. Here, neither Kurtz nor any of her characters seem to fully realize just how inexcusable Donal's conduct truly is, which makes for a very disconcerting read. Kurtz was never a preachy moralizer, but she used to know evil when she saw it, even in a king. The Camberian Council of course must continue to disgrace the name of Camber of Culdi. This is, in general, in keeping with how things will stand at the beginning of Deryni Rising. However, it is hard to reconcile Barrett DeLaney's passive acceptance of Donal's plans with what we know of him from the other works. However decadent the rest of the Council may be, he at least would be expected to have something to say about a Deryni woman who plots to use her powers to aid the commission of a vile crime. This is, after all, exactly the sort of abuse of Deryni power that the Council was formed to prevent in the first place! The novel does not have much of a plot per se, as others have noted. It is true that many plot threads are just rehashes of episodes from other Deryni books. In addition, many details that had to be included to match what we already know of the future do not quite ring true. The forced "adoption" of Alyce's sister Vera to the human Howards is especially unconvincing. So is the casual way in which Donal breaks with long tradition to marry the Deryni Corwyn heiress (Alyce) to the human Kenneth Morgan, a mere baron himself. A number of Haldanes who will not be on the scene at the opening of Deryni Rising make their appearances here, probably indicating a bloody next few books. The virtual absence of Alaric Morgan from the first third of his trilogy was this book's most serious flaw. The next two books in the series will presumably focus much more on Alaric and Brion, which should serve to give the reader someone to root for.     