 Jack McDevitt's preachy and unimaginative morality tale, Omega, will appeal to fans of writers such as Robert Sawyer who use futuristic SF settings as childish allegories for the modern world.  What it will not do is make anyone sit up and gasp at its author's inventiveness or perception. Although the story is set some 230 years in the future, its underlying assumptions are strictly those of the early 2000's.  In the same way that much of 1950's SF is unreadable today (and was unreadable then to readers looking for something more from SF than 1950's characters and ideas sloppily glued into a future with rocket ships), Omega is rendered incredibly boring by its having no speculative ideas whatsoever. The author never tires of having his fictional third-rate intellects tear down paper tiger arguments propounded by fictional fourth-rate intellects.  His readers may not all have such patience. McDevitt gives us bipedal, seeing, speaking, clothes-wearing, city-building aliens who are more human than human beings are.  They are physiologically close enough to earth life as to not really seem alien at all.  And the physical resemblance is only the tip of the iceberg - McDevitt laboriously pounds home what he clearly considers to be a profound point:  the aliens are, at heart, Just Like Us.  What then, the reader may ask, is the point of having aliens at all? The aliens ("Goompahs," so named in the book because of their likeness to the characters in a popular children's show of 2234) will appeal precisely to those readers who regard Barney the dinosaur as a great entertainer. The book's plot consists of a straightforward though of course predictable scramble by humans to save the Goompahs from a killer space cloud (an Omega, one of many that mysteriously destroy civilizations throughout the galaxy).  There is no real suspense, obviously - Barney never dies in his 2004 appearances, either. Frequent gratuitous character viewpoint shifts are annoying distractions, especially since much of the "action" reverts to recurring McDevitt character Priscilla Hutchins.  Hutch is now a bureaucrat back on Earth.  Betters authors than McDevitt would be unable to make a bureaucrat's daily activities seem exciting (if they were unwise enough to try), so it is not surprising that the story plods even more than usual when it is sidetracked to Hutch. Omega is not a book for adults or intelligent adolescents.  Actual pre-schoolers would be better served by the real Barney.     