 George R.R. Martin's "Song of Ice and Fire" series, of which the Game of Thrones is the first of a projected seven volumes (the fourth of which is due to be published in mid-2004), is the most overrated fantasy series of the day.  The poor writing and the lack of likeable or believable characters combine to create an unworkable mess. Martin's show-biz mind comes up with numerous ludicrous moments.  His "heroes" are impossible to take seriously because they keep doing impossibly dumb things such as putting themselves and their families into the hands of their enemies.  His "villains" are impossible to take seriously because they are incapable of successfully assassinating a middle aged woman, or, for that matter, a young child. (The fact that Martin's characters are generally trying to commit such deeds makes for extremely unpleasant as well as frustrating reading). The scare quotes two paragraphs above indicate the moral ambiguity of Martin's universe.  He does not really believe in heroism or villainy, which makes for an extremely blah story.  Granted that two-shaded, black or white storytelling is _almost_ as mindless as writing gets, Martin still does not improve on this.  He actually falls short of even that low standard.  His one shade of gray in the middle for everybody is even more mindless.  It also creates a story that is inherently uninteresting - why should the reader care who "wins" when one character is as good/bad as another? Like horror movie protagonists, Martin's characters are often defenestrated, throat-slashed, thrown into the river, or set on fire - yet they just keep coming.  The extremely graphic violence would be less unbearable if it weren't all so ineffective. The motivations and actions of the characters are completely unbelievable.  How much familial loyalty would a real man have left if his father had the young man's girlfriend raped by an entire company of soldiers (including the young man's brother) because she was unworthy of their family?  That Martin revels in such moments is bad enough.  That his characters' responses to them are so flat goes far beyond the bounds of credibility.  Fantasy setting or not, people are simply not like this.  No author who understands human nature so little can have much of interest to say. Martin believes that he has single-handedly discovered a major flaw common to almost all other writers:  that their major characters inevitably survive to the end (or close to the end) of the production.  He does not understand that he is putting the cart before the horse, and so missing the point entirely.  Of course other authors have "mortal" characters.  However, other authors are simply intelligent enough to realize that the major characters of a work (or a real-life episode) are generally to be found among those who are alive for a significant part of it, and to construct their storytelling accordingly.  By repeatedly focusing on characters who shortly thereafter meet their demises, Martin succeeds only in punishing his readers with a series of unproductive false starts. Martin's writing is similar in many ways to that of another very flawed writer, one whose many faults are more widely recognized:  Terry Goodkind.  Martin shares Goodkind's penchant for violence and sex, though Martin's versions are even more graphic and unappealing (he does, fortunately, lack Goodkind's particular brand of sappy smarminess).  Nevertheless, the comparison ultimately favors Goodkind because he can at least wrap a story up, something Martin, like Robert Jordan, is incapable of doing.  Goodkind is under the disadvantage of having published eight books with which to annoy readers, as opposed to Martin's three (in this series). To compare Martin to Tolkien, or to Herbert or Donaldson, is to lose all credibility.  Donaldson at his 25 year-old, strained-vocabulary worst was infinitely the better writer.  Thrones and its successors should be avoided at all costs.  Instead, go with Tad Williams, Michael Scott Rohan, Jack Vance, or early Raymond Feist.     