 MARROW was an excellent stand-alone novel that left open the possibility of a sequel. WELL OF STARS is that sequel, but it is only the second chapter of what is now planned as a trilogy. It does not stand by itself anymore that The Empire Strikes Back does, and I think that accounts for a lot of the reader dissatisfaction with the book's ending. This should probably have been made clear on the book's dust jacket, but TOR has done this with other series books as well, downplaying or disguising the fact that they are merely installments.  Even taking into account the fact that Well of Stars is not supposed to clear everything up, I found it an unsatisfying read. Human (or alien or AI) characterization has never been Reed's strong point. What made Marrow a success were the worlds of Marrow and the Great Ship. It was sense-of-wonder sf with a vengeance.  That sense of wonder is lacking in this sequel. Readers do become somewhat more familiar with the Great Ship, but that cannot carry a novel for 300+ pages. Marrow itself is talked about, but the world is not actually on stage. The new world to be explored here is one external to the ship, a nebula called the Inkwell. The Inkwell and its inhabitants are somewhat intriguing, but not nearly to the extent that Marrow was in the prior book.  The Great Ship is headed into the Inkwell, and returning characters Pamir and Washen mount a scouting program to determine the true nature of the nebula. Other returning characters from Marrow include Washen's son Locke, whose interest is in unraveling the origin and purpose of the Great Ship and its cargo. This was to me the most interesting part of the whole novel, but Locke's conclusions occupy only a couple of pages total.  During the course of Marrow, some of Reed's better characters such as Diu, Miocene, and Till were lost. Characters new to Well of Stars are not nearly as compelling as the lost ones. The most important new character is a human with a strange (even by Great Ship standards) past named Mere. The character of Mere kind of undercuts that of Washen as her strength is what Washen's was in Marrow: sizing up new species. This is an important ability in Well of Stars, as the Inkwell is inhabited by an enigmatic collection of species.  Readers who like definitive endings would probably do best for themselves by waiting until book 3 comes out and reading Well of Stars and it together. Reed was four or five years between Marrow and Well of Stars, and if it takes another four or five years to get us to the story's end, I know I won't remember WOS then nearly as well as I remember Marrow four years after reading it. There's just not much about WOS that sticks with you, unlike with Marrow.  BTW, although I dislike book reviews that comment on other people's reviews instead of the book, I feel it is necessary to set the record straight regarding some very misleading and inaccurate statements made within one review. Readers of Marrow will recall that Mere was not the "hero" of the Marrow incident; in fact she did not appear in that book at all. The Inkwell is a nebula, not a black hole. Many other statements within the review in question are distortions of what is really going on; I don't want to get too specific because of the spoiler factor. Just don't let that very misleading review affect your decision as to whether to read this book or not; I do not believe its author actually read the book.     