 Science fiction author Orson Scott Card spoke well of this adolescent series on his website, hatrack.com. I have read the first three books and am not overly impressed. Other authors have explored overpopulation and population control themes much more convincingly. In fact, parts of Haddix's series are very reminiscent of Card's popular novel Ender's Game.  The protagonist of Among the Hidden is Luke Garner, the illegal third child in his family. His older brothers are named Matthew and Mark. Despite their children's names there is no indication that the Garner parents had been motivated by religious concerns to disobey the population laws. One of the gaping holes in the novel is the absence of any religious objections to (or support of) the population laws. Regardless about how one feels concerning these matters, it is just not realistic to think that a stringent law against having more than two children could be implemented without provoking any reaction either pro or con from spiritual leaders and their followers.  Neither is it credible that a government could engage in the public mass execution of dozens of "illegal" children without inciting any outcry. The most that any of Haddix's characters can do is to try to work around the population laws in secrecy; the concept of public resistance or protest, even by the adults, seems totally foreign to everyone. This just does not ring true.  The series is often called futuristic or science fiction, but as many readers have noticed, it actually contains no futuristic elements other than the population laws themselves. The series may best be read as an allegory of today, just as 1984 was designed to be read as an allegory of 1948. The draconian population laws Haddix depicts may seem unrealistic to Western readers, but contemporary China has a strictly enforced one couple, one child policy that is of course even more restrictive than Haddix's limitation of two children per couple.  Luke is adequately drawn, but it is the character of Jen Talbot who most captures the reader's attention. But one of the miscues in the series is that although Jen becomes publicly known by her full name, nobody in authority ever makes the connection between her and the Talbot family.  As is too common in juvenilia, the adults are basically ineffectual, and it is left to the adolescents to try to save the day and themselves.  In addition to being similar to Card's writing, the series seems to have been influenced by A.E. van Vogt's Slan, which raises a possibility regarding Jen.  Considering that Haddix pulls no punches regarding the fate meted out to illegal thirds, she certainly could have gone into much more depth regarding the specifics of Malthusian predictions of overpopulation than she does. The reader wondering about just how severe a problem overpopulation actually is or will be in the near future is left completely unenlightened. All that Haddix can do within the series is issue a caution that neither the official government prophecies of starvation doom nor the resistance's counter-propaganda can be entirely trusted.  The writing itself is very pedestrian. The plot offers little true suspense to any reader experienced enough to realize that Luke will probably not, for instance, die one third of the way through the book. Haddix, unfortunately, writes down to what she thinks the intellectual level of her target audience is.  The book is by no means too intense even for children at the lower end of the recommended age range (8-12). In fact, younger readers would be less likely to detect the series' graver flaws than a bright 11 year-old would be. If the series has an ideal audience, it is undiscriminating third and fourth graders. For middle schoolers, any of Robert Heinlein's teen books or Card's Ender's Game would be superior choices. Adult fans of juvenilia won't be losing anything by giving Haddix a miss.     