 Octavio Paz stated once this clever thought: Latin American is product of a rape between the malinche (Indian mexican female) and the Spanish conqueror, and that unhappy fact has not been able to overpass it . This brilliant reflection rises the sinister curtain about a great land which still keeps its ancestral fears and mythical mysterious . Vasconcelos named Latin America as the cosmic land .  What is there behind the coup d'etat which in the last decades have modified the policy face of almost all the latin American countries? The author is Chief Director of the History Department of New York University .  He explores meticulously the Cuban case , the Dominican concerns , the terrorism in Venezuela , the social movements in Brasil and the guerrilla in Colombia and Peru .  The highlight chapters are those which focus the political and social causes of the military  attitude with meridian clarity in Argentina where the analysis of that nation after Peron fall is overwhelming . This pendulum movement between the conservadurism and the modernism with all the derivated consequences of uncertainness before a non illustrated mass make the military dynasty set a foot simultaneously on the accelerator and another on the brake , inmovilizing in this way the natural curse of the social body . Obviously since this book was written years before the globalization fact this circunstance makes an incomplete analysis about a crude and powerful reality which gravites on Latin America as Damocles sword . Since you must face the Third Wave age , all the possible efforts the different countries make for get up on this unstopable race still have not understood for the majority of the political dirigents .  And since the fact you easily can observe about the existence of many countries which even do not belong to the First Wave  others countries are in the Second Wave and the majority are literally swimming between the second and third wave .  The deep consequences and the ancient concepts of nationalism and other mythical codes which still prevails in the behavior of many people makes of that issue an endless concern subject .  Despite the passed years its vigency still remains .     