  Never before had any work written for instrumental purposes acheieved such high artistic value. Everyone acknowledges the supreme greatness of the Well Tempered Clavier. For 200 years musicians and laymen have marveled at it. But only those who are willing to devote time thought and study to it will realize to the full what a miracle it is. In my particular case I must listen this giant composition a dozen times every year. Because as it occurs in  the case of the masterpieces, its charm and enormous stature overpass all the possible analysis: The capacity of invention and changes of modulation are simply inextinguishable. The musically untrained listen it with delight and scholars delve into its wonders of workmanship with equal pleasure. If Bach just only had written this work his immortality and his position in the history of the music have been assured. After listening to it, one definitively, shares the huge reverence expressed by Robert Schumann in a letter written in 1840:"I myself make a daily confession of my sins to that mighty one, and endeavor to purify and strengthen myself through him... In fact, to my mind Bach is unapproachable-he is unfathomable."   Curiously, this work which was to inspire and influence more musicians perhaps than any other, was not published until fifty years after Bach's death.  A well tempered clavier (keyboard instrument) was one that was so tuned it was possible to play in all keys and to modulate freely.   Most of Bach's fugues are character pieces of the highest type; some of them truly poetic creations, each of one demands its individual expression, its individual lights and shades. Not one prelude or fugue looks like to others in its form: each one of them represents a particular approaching. We find fugues not only with three or four voices, but also with two and five. When Bach wrote in fugal form, he always seemed to take in mind the creation of a theme with some identifiable characteristic. You can call a subtle emotional quality or rhythmic principle. So and to my mind the huge impact of this notable inventions resides in his fugues portray every sentiment from the most profound melancholy or sadness to the most spontaneous gaiety and joy of living.  There have been excellent in the history. Since Wanda Landowska, passing through the sincere reading of Edwin Fisher, the famous Glenn Gould performance, every you can get from Rosalynn Tureck, a hidden but very introspective approach of Georg Demus in the middle fifties until the impressive version of Tatiana Nikolayeva. She seems to have made a true journey to the unfathomable abysses of every little detail of every page of the score. Her performance breaths a supreme noblesse gaze accompanied by that exquisite phrasing and deep thinking bounded to unfathomable musicality with notable economy means.   Try with this set and you will realize the difference that makes the difference.             