 Beethoven composed one of his most titanic and expansive Sonatas ever made and even the thematic material is deeply dense in amplitude and proposal, these are not defaults but just a part of the complex emotional sphere in which Ludwig was immersed.  The extensiveness of the work reveals a new attitude of Beethoven before the life. This Sonata is a real breakthrough with all the previous works in its genre. You could refuse the argument arguing to previous issues as Waldstein, Appassionata or Patetique, for instance are shorter and extremely precise and concise. That's correct but maybe you forget something and, in  this sense the analysis may be extended to his Symphonies. Why is Beethoven so decided to write a work of colossal proportions in time extension and astonishing difficulties and great variety of emotive frequencies? The same reasoning remains valid for the Seventh Symphony respect to Ninth. Why sol long? And what's the purpose of human voices?  Personally I suspect the hidden reasons could be explained by three different arguments: the first of them and the most decisive is very simple: Beethoven's audience has vanished. The triviality has taken place in Vienna: the disturbing consequences of the French Revolution have elevated the rank of the mass media of those ages and many composers have found a chance to exhibit his abilities: I am talking about of Carl Maria von Weber and Rossini : two remarkable exponents of the academicism may height to the status of the people. So let's give to the audience what they want: evasion and entertainment. This idea must have permeated the mind and inspiration of the new composers who consider Beethoven the most fervent and passionate live musician in the world but a little bit old fashioned due he is not in a real state of mind with the audience. To say in management expressions: He has lost his share and so his specific weight in the market has reduced to minuscule proportions: Liberty, fraternity and equality in the music have imposed their codes.  In the other hand the growing concerns about his private life have not diminished; his deafness is absolute and he finds himself in a real dilemma: must I keep living in Vienna or thinking about another city?  Finally I guess the last step given by this genius was to get back to the essential roots and try to get in the enormous trace left by Bach a new way of musical expression: that would explain by itself the use of the Fugue form in his last three Sonatas and the absence of assertiveness in the final of every one of them . That's why their conclusions result vanishing and incorporeal suggesting perhaps a renounce due the lack of force.  In any case the reading of this Sonata will lead you to a real cathartic experience , the heart rending existential schism must have been a Dantesque laceration in the soul and spirit of that genius living in a city who applaud and raves by Rossini.  The interpretation of this work should be made to my mind taking in count all these premises, because if don't, the result would be a cold analytical performance , tour de force exhibition exercise to prove the technique and skillfulness of the pianist and nothing else: the audience can be satisfied, the artist may be proud of himself but the work's spirit is absent.  Rudolf Serkin makes a honest, convincing and extraordinary musical achievement with this performance. And -with the potent version of Wilhelm Kempff in the early fifties- I don't know of any other performance until now played with such score's understanding.                    