  "I don' t believe neither in the unconscious, nor that the world represents before us as dream, except when we are asleep". Ren Magritte.  Rene Magritte' s work and the thought in which it 's based constitute a special case in the modern art story. H studied at the Academie des Beaux-Arts in Brussles during the last years of theWW1. And together with E.L.T. Messens, Camille Goemans, Marcel Lecomte and Paul Nogu, he formed a kind of Belgian surrealist group. In 1927 he established close ties with Breton and Eluard, moving back to Brussels in 1939 until his death in 1967.  He began as a Cubist and his first Surrealist pictures were painted after 1925.  In his search of the unfathomable mystery that surrounds to things and living beings. So starting from daily reality, he follows a distinct route, he best for the logic in the multiple associations and ideas. Being an avid reader of detective stories and a big fan of Edgar Allan Poe, you may understand why his style fits so well defined in this category. He painted isolated fragments of objects set in landscapes in the same vein of De Chirico his most remarkable influence received. And according Scheneede's opinion "If we regard Duchamp as the prototype of the scandalous, Man ray the prototype of the inventive and Max Ernst the prototype of the inspirative artist, Magritte have to be called the prototype of the intellectual artist".  That' s why Magritte developed the symbolism mixing elements of the reality and facing them with itself in such original way supporting in just an unique logic puzzle as anyone else. Dali, in the other hand blended reality with archetypical dreams or reality surrounded by unconscious gaze gifted with a major doses of black humor and cynicism.  The author Jacques Meuris is emeritus Professor of the Superior School of Visual Arts in Brussels and makes an admirable artistic effort with exquisite reproductions of this notable artist: an authentic icon among the Surrealist giants. Specially recommended for any kind of reader who is really interested in knowing the most intimate details about the life and works of R.M.        