 There has never been such vitality , epic breathe , commitment , passion on the screen , before or since Abel Gance . The scope is greatest than Potemkim the only film which you were thinking about Gance's masterpiece to my mind is the greatest technical achievement of the silent film era. In 1921 Gance met D.W. Griffith and revealed to him his dream of making a film about Napoleon . Griffith confessed that he too was thinking on a similar project but he renounced when he watched J'accuse of this young director . This impressive fresco of  Napoleon's life is composed into six separetd films. The first of them has three episodes : The youth of Bonaparte , Bonaparte and the Revolution and The Italian Champaign . The five remaining films would be: from Arcole to Marengo , From 18 Brumaire in Austerlitz, From Austerlitz to the Hundred days , Waterloo and finally Saint Helena . Its cost (approximately $850.000). Albert Dieudome played Napoleon and obviously this was the great role of his career.   The shooting began on January 17 , 1925 at Billancourt , outside of Paris. Napaoleon's home was filmed in Corsica . Gance was very clear when he stated : "To make the spectator become an actor ; to involve him at every level in the unfolding of the action ; to sweep him away in the flow of the pictures" There will not be enough words of acknowledgement to Francis Ford Coppola for having rescued from the shadows and the humidity this picture . If not for him the future generations might be well never watched .It was shown at the Radio City Music Hall on Januaty 23 , 1981. The last curious point to remark about this superb masterpiece is Abel Gance as Sint Just and Patrice Chereau as Saint Just in Danton . Two gifted directors ; the same character . Paris premiere: April 7 , 1927 ; New York Premiere: February 11, 1929 .  Abel Gance was born in Paris October 25 ,1889 and died in Paris November 10, 1981 at the age of 92. To refer any frame of this landmark movie would be less than affront for anyone of my estimated readers .  Acquire this milestone film . And think it over : the cinema is an art in itself but if we actually can not find such level of works , please don `t blame the cinema.  Search other traces!     