 In the authority chain, you may distinguish the clear diference between the apes too. One spacial navy suddenly falls in a hole time and its carried hundred years after. The landing in a unknown planet, carries to these man and it shows them a world ruled by apes who dictate its own rules and have established the official story. The man is under them in the evolutive chain. The men have lost his speaking capacity and they only make gutural sounds. Their state is something less than pitiful. George Taylor is wounded in his throat and thats why he can not articulate even a single word. The dramatic sequences in the same point he pronounces the first word,(Do you remember the miracle worker and the wild child?) creates a true revolution among the ape scientist. This behavior are against the rules. The law is the law.(The island of Dr. Moreau) And so, Taylor is involved in a constant fight for surviving. His friends can not help him anymore , one is dead and the other suffered a lobotomy. The dramatic ideas exchange between Taylor and the master science of the ape comunity include hilarious bits and obviously undeniable conflicts between the science and the faith. Forget all you learned about Darwin and please watch the mirror image. All the concepts are reverted and so the anguish and the poor human condition is less than zero. Finally our hero wins? and he can carry Nova his only possibilitie for sow the next human seed generational, but he will find out the astonishing revelation. Since its release, this film involved just once more the fever for new concepts and ideas. Fahrenheit 451 (1967) and 2001 was released the same year and the world was in a decisive turning point. The man conquers the moon and the screen must be part of this decisive event. So the people turns back over Asimov, Bradbury, Boulle, Stanoslav Lem and will  read over and will find out new universes, bitter nightmares spacials. In a very close state the fifties had a coommon behavior. The ancient films of sci fi were released, and others were remade.We had to expect four years for Solaris directed by Tarkovski in 1972. In this sense, you can not forget the political behavior in many countries in that age. There were many dictators all around the world , and the figure of the ape was a clear methapor of them. Undoubtly, you may be find the film , thirty years after, a little bit aged, but the dramatic implications that a nuclear conflict involves, still feed the imagination of many people. Charlton Heston was a true icon of rthe anti hero in the fifties (with his religious films) and in the sixties (with historical roles), then he would make another war films but keeping always that undeniable majesty for make prevailing the truth, no matter whats the prize you pay. Sensational direction of Franklin Schaffner and arresting sequences, like the human chase and the scape from the jail (or the concentration camps) . Another cult movie and the best of its following entries.     