 Dr. Lecter is a fabulous psychiatrist. But in some moment of his troubled mind, he suffered a turning point ; the taste for the human meat reveals a turning point. The line between insanity and sanity is very thin. Indeed, Dr. Lecter walks in the frontier and decides to live in this risky equilibrium state of life.  Clarice Sterling is a rookie but smart girl who wants to make the grade as FBI agent. The interviews with Dr. Lecter are indeed the highest peak in the movie.  Lecter opens his soul before his female image . There's a rapture and reciprocal admiration among them. He loves Florence , he lives into his memories , he lives in jail but his mind flies to different worlds and in many levels. Sterling keeps for him a blended mix of suggested love-hate, and in the progress of the investigation he plays the role of spiritual father. More than a clear guidance for solving the difficuly case, the emotional lines involve , he keeps a discret distance but he's in love with Clarice, because she represents the alter ego of him. The script goes OK , but when Dr. Lecter leaves the hospital with the Goldberg Variations as musical background ( a smart clue ) and commits murder on these two cops, he film looses force and spreads around common places. Demme holds the attention viewer thanks to a skillful handle camera , but that scene is extremely gore and makes you assume a discret distance about the great realism introduced from the first opening sequences.  When Anthony Hopkins talks with Clarice about the silence the lambs, literally breaks the veil around her intimate soul. That sequence for me it's the highest dramatic point in the film. I mean this film is a fight minds , an archetypical conflict , a chess game between two brilliant minds, egos  and personalities. That's why the film wins, because the dramatic locus turns around this duel.  Foster and Hopkins are in the top and in many ways reminds us to the couple Fletcher- Nicholson in the cuckoo's nest , Colbert -Gable in It happened one night , or Bogart- Bacall in the big sleep. A must in your collection and a classic film.     