 The racism `s argument monopolized the whole attention, specially in the Sixties. To be fair, we should take a glimpse around several essential films in the recent past which depicted with notable crudeness this sensible theme; among the most important we should name Defiant ones and The edge of city in the Fifties.    But undoubtedly, the four most important thematic cycles  had reached its task in the movie industry: The Noir Film, The Science Fiction, The War memories and the lightweight comedies (Wilder, Hawks); an important and relatively recent current had born in the world: The French New Wave and the strong transcendence of the Italian Neo Realism permeated the vision of most of screen writers obligating them to make a true inward gaze in the deepest regions of the American social body. If there would be another weight reason to confirm this statement, examine carefully the work of Alfred Hitchcock from "To catch a thief" until "Marnie". You may realize how every one of the included pictures included these two concern about a dislocated state of mind, and the suspense is generated in the hidden caverns of the unconscious.    In this sense this film had to shock the conscience of many viewers at that moment, when a small town layer assumes the hazardous task to defend a black man accused of rape. The allusive metaphors to nocturnal and spectral visions are eloquent testimonies of the tenseness at the verge of the boiling point.   The bitter taste you experience even several elapsed weeks and months don 't leave any shadow of doubt about the grandness of this bold film that inspired future films in that decade, such as Patch of Blue, To Sir with love, Guess who is coming to dinner, In the heat of the night (it' s not a mere casualty all of them starred by Poitier) and nourished the inspired of another independent filmmakers such as Samuel Fuller with two somber and terrible films (Shock corridor and The naked kiss). Of course, there would be a striking picture as "The chase", but this speech would be out of context.  Go for this little gem that portraits the thundering reality of the early Sixties.                 