 Since some  years ago , Bob , a delinquent in the fifties great amateur to game has been a timeless looser . He meets a teenager just before to fall in prostitution and decides rescue her , he gives some money and receives her in his home . But at once Paulo a orphan and homeless young man will fall in love with her . Very soon he will be inspired for a ambitious plan , and organizes with supreme shyness and coordination every little detail concerned with the master robe but ironically the fate once more makes a raid . the rest runs for your own . This film constitutes the first policiac title of Jean Pierre Melville and stamps the irruption amazingly mature of a style simply unconfoundable. The firmness of its building and the perfection of its calligraphy are factors which convert it in an self determined entity valuable and bty itself, despite of the relayionship that you can establish with other next work. Bob le flambeur attends more the instant than the globality , it is much more a cronicle than a spectacularly dramatized account. The movie seems to be made under the fascination of the american cinema . The film gives out a freeing and liberty , such trust in the expressive power of the image , made in equal parts of rules knowing and instint for ignore them . The raccords and the axis are not at all barriers which imprison the narrative freedom . You will watch a Montmartre flood of heterogeneous night fauna . What Bob experiences in his lucky game was described for Kafka as the most dangerous of the tasks: to remeet and remake oneself in front of a mirror image pierced in a fragment of crystal . The tragedy is variegated with a comedy patine , which turns in a more real perspective with that life tricks , these unknown crossroads set in the road as an army of naked demons. Undoubtly we are in the presence of a immortal work , timeless and deeply revealer of those times . And notice that Rififi was released the same year too .  The candor of the characters depicted and the soft breeze of a nocturnal Paris with its little madness and and caprices make of this film a supreme jewel and one of the pioneers films of the fifties in all the story of the cinema     