 "The cinema implies- according to Antonin Artaud -a total demolition of the values, a complete transformation of the optic, the perspective and the logic. It' s further exciting than the match, it' s even more captivating than love... I ask for phantasmagoric films, poetic films in the dense sense, philosophical of the word; physic films. What it doesn't exclude neither the psychology nor love, as well as the disjoint of any of the feelings of man. I want these films in which it operates a kind of  crushing, fusion, of blending of these things of the heart and spirit, to confer them the cinematographic virtue that all of us must seek." I keep for this movie a very special affection. I have watched so many times that it is has become an unavoidable confident as the sublime art.  The German Expressionism dressed its best clothes with this towering masterpiece pregnant of dark poetry and awesome beauty. Watching this film means to experiment similar feelings respect let' s say around the famous Sonnet 144 of Shakespeare. In Nosferatu,  Murnau'  s vampire the fantastic accompanies us, empowers us  of a perfectly natural way. The beyond grayish grave described by Bram Stocker incorporates in front of us with all the power of a real vision.  Lotte Eisner states:" ... Murnau knew discern in the nature the possibility of getting beauty images. He captures the fragile form of a white cloud floating above the dunes and fixes the filigree that the mass of branches design on a spring sky that invades the twilight. The nature shares in the whole drama..." With the German Expressionism, spouted after the hecatomb that meant the WW1, the cinema disinters the ghosts that inhabited the Romanticism in Germany. Mysticism, magic, nostalgia of the shadows and reflects, delirious love for the fantastic allies with the lineaments of an intellectual rebellion and a cinematographic aesthetic.  In North America a name: Tod Browning will receive all the weight of the horror and the hopeless and will materialize it in "Freaks." Ado Kyrou states those powerful and unbeatable words:"...I greet you, corps born from the imagination, friendly ectoplasms...Cesare (Robert Wiene 's Caligari) , the dolls of the devil and the Golem will murder their masters and Frankenstein, the monster will be more meritorious of our love than his shy creator. The fantastic birds will rend the screen and the final image, definitive in the mobility, free, will be a complete world, without Gods, but with circular doors where our unchained forces will whine the jubilee of the life and love in the wonderful" A majuscule picture, a true masterpiece, a film of films. One million stars.      