 Puerto Rico must have done a big celebration when Jose Ferrer won the Academy Award for this unforgettable and artistic role . Cyrano is one of the most intimate pages of the romantic literature . Jean Rostand , the famous author sharped an emblematic character blending the passionate love surrounded for a rebel spirit. Cyrano was a rebel with cause in the widest sense of the word. Michael Gordon could adapt into screen this novel giving to  film an extremely and carefuly theatrical approach . Think about the glorius mesage of the work . Forget about your physical aspect ; Cyrano (Gordon and Rappenau) , The huntchback of Notre Dame (Jean Delanoy) and curiuosly The beauty and the beast (Jean Cocteau) meant an artistic triumph in the screen and The elephant man (Lynch) in the early eighties signified for the rest of the world the beauty is the sum of little  details and not only a shinning face . Three of these three films were from France and the other one from U.K , but all of them were loaded of the purest romantic spirit of the early XIX Century.   This resource worked out to the sublime perfection in those hard times where the movie was inmersed in a chaos . A crossroad of possibilities were in the environement but it was a clear time of innovation and surviving .  The italian cinema wass emerging from the ashes of the war with Antonioni, Fellini, De Sica and Visconti as the most distinctive ambassadors . UK. with David Lean , Carol Reed , Anthony Asquith and Ronald Neame twisting the fate of the british cinema with ne4w proposals .  However in Japan , Kenji Mizoguchi , Akira Kurosawa , Kon Ichikawa , Yasujiro Ozu and Kinugasa gave to japanese cinema a distinctive face with superb films . But meanwhile when the american cinema found two clever roads as the film noir and the sci fi ; Elia Kazan , Otto Preminger and Stanley Kramer decided to face the social dilema with potent and disturbing films .  In this order of ideas , Gordon had the wonderful but risky inspiration of adapting a literature classic .  Gordon played hard and won fortunately for us ; the timeless cinema lovers . Jose Ferrer made a dazzling and unforgettable performance with Cyrano ; the best role of his magistral career.          