 Kenji Mizoguchi has been associated with Bach, while Kurosawa with Beethoven. Many people consider his artistic stature as the major one in all the story of the Japanese Cinematography.  The most remarkable aspect to underline is the impressive narrative style and elegant and enraptured camera work that has become in a personal sign for him.  Mizoguchi is one of my beloved directors since I was a teenager. His visual descriptions own a mythic flavor, a language that overpasses by far, the common places we are used to watch.  Ugetsu is considered for many as the glorious masterpiece of Mizoguchi. Two couples, strongly struck by the poverty, live at the edge of desperation and hopeless, until one day, one of them decides to materialize a very long desire: to become a samurai. But as you may suppose, to reach such status is nothing easy. It demands from you something more than goodwill and a simple expectation; it's a continous life `s experience and a way of living: it's far to be a simple emotional decision. The other, Genjuro is a workholic, an admirable artisan, who decides to play hard with this work.   There is a fabulous breakthrough inside the story, when they have decided to escape from a very dangerous clan and they undertake a journey through a dreamingly lake; in Mythology the sea represents the like, so in this sense when they decide to leave every one of their wifes in land, they have bet and risked. And every one of them will have to pay the prize derivated from this inicial decision.  The meaning of the story is pregnant of beauty simbolism; if you don' t follow your bliss, the prize to pay is enormous, no matter the nature of your intentions be.  This outstanding film is among the twenty most important and superb films in any age, so if I beg for you to watch is not only a fortunate decision but also, a wise choice in case you acquire it for your personal collection. You will watch it over and over and always, (a typical feature of the masterpieces), there will always something new to admire and recognize in this mythic story, that overpasses its geographic boundaries to become an universal legacy.                  