 The promotional launching of this historic quartet had without doubt, a solid support. In despite of the fact the previous promotion devices to internationalize Elvis Presley throughout films without major importance but that worked out as the initial concept of Video clip in 35 mms, found in the case of Beatles a true cult movie as effectively occurred  in this case. It is important to refresh the social feature at that age. Andy Warhol was a fundamental personage in this sense. The pop art opened a niche in the market. And the possibility to watch for the first time to far audiences who had no chance to assist to their Concerts, increased their status all over the world.   With this song - A hard day' s night -, The Beatles reassumed the role of the ancient jugglers, substituting the lire by the electric guitar, and horses by airplanes. Once more the myth installed in the collective unconscious. They expressed the quotidian penuries of the media class and the aspirations of a new generation who definitively was tired to listen about the War; as natural response or compensation mechanism in the social body.   It's extremely interesting to remark the fact that, from the ashes of the most wounded and bombed country in Europe as England was, the social embryo was creating the nest of the most creative rock. Somehow the social environment in the Fifties jumped ahead respect to American society. In the other hand, while the rock figures in USA were composed by individuals (Little Richard, Jerry Lee and Presley) , in England on the contrary were formed by bands, and that defined a different approach and meaning about the rock in both sides of the Atlantic.  This album was the definitive consolidation and undeniable evidence the Liverpool Quartet was not a simple rock band, but a true pioneer as motivational resistance factor and protest. Jack Keruac and Allan Ginsberg among others responsible of the Beatnik underground movement were relegated to literary encounters; now the sun, bikinis and the movies displayed its enormous influence around the world.  In this sense, this album was the real keystone. So when you buy it you will be acquiring also an important element of live history.  On the other hand the scene was prepared to receive to the Rolling Stones, the other side of the coin, but certainly this is another subject to deal in other review, my appreciated reader.                    