 Rashomon is a masterpiece. This film shows us a hard statement that maybe disagree to many people; the truth doesnt exist. We see always fragments of it no matter how old you are. Aesop in his fables states: in every man always there are three ; that who he thinks he is; what other people think he is and finally that one who really is. In that sense Goethe talked about four levels of the reality; lineal, literal, methaporical and finally the cosmic. In what level are you when you assume the judgement about a fact? Remember his beliefs are always relative; your ethical world depends about a lot of issues; such as your social status; your religion; your birthplace; your culture and even your age; so be careful when you say are in possesion of the absolute true.  And thats what the movie shows us; a terrible murder; five persons state about the fact ; and before you five different versions are given. So, the questions is; who of these persons is lying and who is true? All of us have a sight blind; and because of this you may agree with some of these people; and your close friend or even your couple may be perfectly disagree with you.  The reasonable doubt is a very well konwn device employed by all the lawyers in their cases . Indeed, this term inspired to Sidney Lumet for making his opera prima "Twelve angry men" in 1957.  Back to Rashomon we find to Akira Kurosawa in one of his major achievements. The handle camera is superb; and this is the first film in the story where , by the first time the camera shows us the sun; a brilliant methapor and also a challenging aaproach by this master director. Mesmerizing ; unforgettable ; youll be shocked every time you watch. Remember what the woman says uin a sequence: "The men lie because they are weak". And this point is remarkable, just because the fragile human condition; the human being always will keep his dignity, pride and a set of values above all the odds; and through this process, the truth is always put in a second place, by obvious reasons. Heissenberg established the uncertain principle in 1930 and this review is far to explain about this issue, but what it deserves to call your attention at the time you say ; I found the truth; or even worst; I represent the truth.  This procedure is typical of dictatorial regimes; the state is me and other similar statements reveal a syntom of being out of the life and even the nature, a wise mind always thinks and acts; after rethinks and reacts; but never remains quiet. Kurosawa adapted this film from a novel from the same title  Rashomon from 1927 written by Yabu no Naka. This film is a wonderful exploraton of truth and human weakness. In fact this film is watched and analyzed in Post Grade School of Management, for purposes related with another goals. This film was remade in 1964 as Outrage for Martin Ritt, where Paul Newman plays the role of Toshiro Mifune in the original version. A true landmark. Dont miss it. A superb classic!     