 In this affective triangle , this lowest micro cosmos illustrates the bitter portrait of many families in that age .   The gloomy memories of the WW2  not only sealed the end of the cycle in many marriages . A great amount of widows who must face the real life , but many teenagers in the early forties who lost his father and had to work in search of new plans of life .  From North to South , from West to East or vice versa , the decade 1945-1955 was in general a decade characterized by a profound uncertainness , an unconscious fear by the ghosts of the Cold War and besides an age of  hopeless in every emotional corner .  Many women undertook the same attitude of May Doyle searching for new dreams and hopes of redemption .   May knew the real world and somehow she is always five steps ahead the rest of his two pretenders : the candid Jerry who symbolized the way of thinking of certain social levels and the cynical and rebel guy Earl who defied the Status Quo and besides had a bitter deception in his marriage life .  So we have the dramatis personae : two disturbed  people who failed in their respective previous relationship and a gentile and kindly man who never abandoned his family , able to protect May for ever through the marriage .  In this order , the film will deal about the dense and troubled conceptions of the world and the life . Earl is not a good guy but somehow he has the experience and that is a very good point to May eyes who sees in Joe almost a protector instead a husband and a lover .  Earl means the risk and the adventure , but Jerry represents the security and the emotional equilibrium though without the taste of the risk .  The ambition and the crude vision of the life against the promise of a better tomorrow . She will bet for the last option and again this decision will lead her a decisive ethic crossroad .  Since some evident cuts we can appreciate by the hyper kinetic final the film gets what it planned .  A deep review of how to face with the life . Realize the parallel affective relation  Peggy and Joe who will enter in the marriage circle and the last warning given for Joe : I am not a new dress you decide to leave and search it again . If you decide to marry me it will be for ever . The message can not be more evident .  With a modest scenario but plenty of talent Fritz Lang built a solid and complex melodrama if you decide to watch with the actual patterns of  behaviour , but definitively consider this film as a moral fable and the historical time will be useless because it transcends the anecdote .  Solid performances of all the cast .              