 Charles Foster Kane; welcome to Xanadu the biggest fortress ever built. That opening sequence in which we feel inmediatly the presence of the purest sense of the german expressionism, gives us one of the multiple clues who will give Orson Welles, this legend name in the cinema story. Ths story is told brilliantly for Welles; the way Welles introduces to the world of Kane is through a new who informs us about the death. Warning about this point because Kane will never be telling his life in first person, but through all those knew him in a far or close distance. In this sense Welles, cleverly gives us a huige puzzle that you as viewers must arrange , and thanks to all his countless devices, at the end of the film when you finally discover what Rosebud means , you leave your seat convinced youre a private eye; but rememeber what Welles said once about Rosebud: it just was Freud for one dollar. And this bitter opinion is due the fact that Rosebud means the iodea of something that never reached the complete process of growing up; a flower who never became the best of itself; I mean this point is remarkable because the sense of unfinishness is what Kane means ; nor more either less. In fact Kane is a man who had everything he wanted; except just one thing; his stolen youth and the dreams contained in this unique stage of the life; the world needed just before he reached his twenty years old and made from him a man before the time comes. Thats why you can understand his outrageous character; and thanks to The Inquirer he can expand his biological time and in a certain way to try to live his lost years.  When he meets to Marian in that funny water accident; he confess her another clue; both of them are surrounded and involved by the loneliness even they are so distant in his respective social status. And all his efforts walk in this direction. Remember by instance, the smart answer pronounced by Kane in a very special inflexion point of the story: "Im all what you hate" . Kane loves challenging the world, in every little detail; he plays with it and "no matter if he losses one million dollars each year , because he would lose all his fortune in Sixty years". All his life turns around the sophistication, the greatness and above all to be remembered and loved or hated but never pass away by a sense of indifference. And this is an important issue, because theres a shakesperian mood in this point of view.  How can you translate the shakesperian spirit of glory and trascendence into a raising democatric country and also the new raisng empire of the world. That impplies all his outrageousness; the expensive parties; the employement of the deepness of field which lets you watch the secondary planes just beside the first; remeber that dramatic sequence in which Welles and Cotten walk in the newspaper room. The camera works at the floor level; another clever device of Welles; I think he wants to give us the sensation of being in a theatre hall , and in many ways that resource let add much more dramatism to every take. Greg Tolland made an unfirgettable work behind the camera; because this film demands of you that the images through the travellings , dollies and objective use be another actor in this play. The monumentality all along his achievements is obviously a consequence of his character; that justifies the fact of trying Marian be the greates prima voice female in the Opera ; (however; in the deep of his soul and his mind he knows shell never reach that goal; but once more hes challenging the world) Remember what Oscar Wilde said once:  "The difference between a caprice and a passion who remains all the time of one life; is the caprice remains for a longer time" . This film will be always a must for all the viewers of any age and as well as Bach , Mozart or Beethoven music or the Michelangelo works or Vermeer paintings , due his mythical essence; such its own force for transforming every time you watch them; but the question is Who really transforms: you , the work of both of two? Orson Welles (1915-1985) still continues being a refernce point for many film makers , great or minors ; and to name his contributions would surpass certainly the permitted limit of this review.  A film is really good, when the camera is an eye in the mind of a poet, undoubtly a wise sentence of Orson Welles. Its time for all those people who still hadnt watched this movie that literally is a must to make it. A masterpiece in the widest sense of the word.     