 Four differents characters; rational, roughness, weak and spiritual in a journey along a river ; you know that mythologically speaking, the river means the life.  So all the hazardous challenges and powerful violent sequences are just a methapor of that crude reality that surrounds every day. Those men will experiment an unforgettable ethic crossroad when they face the violence in its own nature. And sooner than later these inner hidden dragons will escape from Pandoras box and they will spread all along the film with unthinkable consequences. This movie became, almost inmediatly after its release in a cult movie. Remember that John Boorman is a very talented director,  ( Excalibur, Point blank and Zardoz) , so the remarkable point  is to state that the life has much more imagination than us; that the reality goes far beyond the edge of fiction; and so this gripping tale will show it; the film is deeply absorbing and challenging; what would you do in their place ; how would you react? what is wrong or what its right when the great question is survive. The sequence in which Lewis Medlock (Burt Reynolds in his best performance ever) throws his arrow ; you feel the ancestral and even genetic presence of our ancient nature. And it lets you thinking about the meaning of the violence; we use the term for pedagogical purposes; but when you are in the edge of the knife, fighting with a no mercy enemy; the violence is just another device, another tool which helps you to survive. Herman Hesse stated once this wise sentence: "Only the lived thought has value". When the movie ends you feel a clear sensation of chatarsis; in the greek mood. And when they turn again to the world; they will never be the same. In this sense I remind the last of the six interviews that Joseph Campbell gave to Bill Moyers in that unvaluable work titled The power of Myth in which Moyers asks to Campbell if he is a man with faith. Campbell, with a suggestive smile gives to Moyers that overwhelming answer: I dont need the faith, because I own the experience. And thats what the film is about. Watch that important issue; more than a film, an unvaluable masterpiece made in 1972. And believe me: no matter if this film lost with The Godfather ; that only increases the legend and its merely anechdotical; due the multiple implications shown in this glorious work surpases its own age.     