 In the middle of the jungle Vick (Clark Gable) will be the central focus of an ungoverned passion of two well different women .  One of them absolutely uninhibited , accustomed to live in great cities , but provided of a wonderful sense of cynicism and defined personality (Ava Gardner) and the other one a pacefully recent and happily married woman who knows nothing about the real world  (Grace Kelly) but who will really have an encounter with Venus when she realizes the strong and macho behaviour of the African stalker .  Both characters will assume the star leading . The written lines for Gable announces him as a very predictable man who acts based on his instincts and has spent his entire life in this hard to live land .  Along the film you will watch a fabulous script and a collection of pleasant sexual allusions . If you consider the wide African backstage with its wonderful locations to the age and magnificent documental works gently exhibited such the long sequence of the gorillas or the journey along the river you will agree the innumerable and adequate such the sunsets and waterfalls to give us an original love affair .  In those ages this film was censored in many places . In a particular European country , the censor authorities decided that Gable and Kelly be brothers what obviously increased the moral temperature instead of tempering it . Ava Gardner gave the best acting of his career with this superb portrait . 	She is delicious and very natural with this performance and that is why she received her only nomination for the Academy Awards as Best Actress (Audrey Hepburn won with A roman holiday) and Grace Kelly was nominated as Best Supporting Actress (Donna Reed won with From here to the eternity) .  The male figures work out as simple ornament ; as dramatic frame . Gable will be the sparkling device to arise the passion and the investigator , the loyal husband of Kelly seems not to realize what's is going on around him due he is very busy with his work.  The masterful direction of John Ford , the smart script and the presence of two of the most talented and beauty Goddess in the Cinema Story avoided this film fell in the forgetfulness            