 Wilhelm Fu?rtwangler was very ill when he decided to record his last version of the Ninth .  Recorded in August 1954 , this version lacks of the wildness and fierce above all in the first movement if we compare for instance, with the famous and superb Ninth of 1942 (My favorite one, by far) . This performance is more illuminated , loaded with more wisdom and spirituality .   To be fair , this conception fits so well to the Ninth. Notice we are talking about the most asimetrical symphony of Beethoven .  The first movement is loaded with cosmical breath. The scherzo is ravishing and the Adagio heavenly. When we are in front of the last movement, we listen the first bars of the First movement, the employement of the human voice and the clear and unusual length based on Schiller (Ode to joy) is problematic . If you love Beethoven spiritual period , you'll love this version . But if you are closer to the the epic approach of Beethoven (think in the Op. 97 as the end of this personal cycle of the composer) may be you have serious doubts about the magnificence of this piece .  In this last period Beethoven composes pieces loaded with human spirituality . He knows the end is close and his works (Think in the Quartets 13, 14 and 15) reveal precisely this aspect . And if you have any doubt go to the last three Piano Sonatas. And specially pay special attention to the somber character of the Thirty one - The memory Sonata - . I named so in a little meeting with my friends when we analyzed these three last sonatas .   Notice in the 32 the clear sense of a farewell when the last notes are floating . You don't have an authoritative ending (as the Appassionata , for instance) . Beethoven has assumed another gaze about the life .  Nevertheless this Symphony must be in your personal repertoire due none of the three cycles of von Karajan even get closer to this one .  More than an ethic question , it means a global conception about the world you look , depends about your inner values and above all, reveals how you are.  Remember Goethe statement : We are what we do !      