 There is a clever phrase of Solaris -1972- that can resume its sense and in general what the life meant for Tarkovsky : "May be we are here just to feel ... the human being as love motive . This reflection includes issues that are fundamental for the filmmaker : the capacity of the man for feeling and loving , to be not indifferent to what it happens with one's self and with the others . The 'protagonists of Solaris are lost in the cosmos and obligated to learn new things , to establish contact with other worlds . It is the scientific knowledge lack of spirituality , a material advance that has not only forgotten , but drowned  the spiritual development and has set the world  in a crisis hard to forget .  "We talk about expect find other planets , civilizations when we are seeking for is a mirror : We talk about to establish contact , when we are not really interested at all . It is the selfish idea , of the incapacity to establish an adequate relation with the outer world. Every one of us loves as he can ; every one of us is so human as he can . Even if Solaris and Stalker have many common issues  ; the zone and the station have similar features built for the man ; an abandoned place close to the desperation edge and disappearing .   The Zona and the Station are spaces that change very often and without rules , exactly such the life is . The human beings of Solaris are the survivors of a world without love that forgot the necessity that the human beings have of other human beings . The isolation has never been a good advisor . When Kelvin returns , he only dreams with his back to home . His attitude is crucially different , of humility and repentance . His home appears in the thinking ocean , becoming real his maxim wish . With perhaps the unforgettable ending of Chaplin City Lights , this ending shot is simply overwhelming . Through the window looks at his father ; with the expression of whom wishes to reach the things he considered lost . The father opens the door and he puts on his knees to embracing him . The camera begins to raise slowly till an unsuspected height ; you see the house , the environment  that surrounds it, the sky , the immensity and in the middle of the ocean in movement , the minuscule house , as small is the man in the middle of the Universe .    One of the supreme jewels of the cinema in any age , one of my twenty best films and for many friends of mine the definitive supreme masterpiece of Tarkovsky . Winner in Cannes and to me the second best work of Tarkovsky after Andre Rubliov .       