 Antal Dorati can boast of being one of the most idiomatic and superb conductor in Stravinsky in any age. His name must figure at the same level that Ansermet, Fricsay, Monteux, Markevitch, Tilson Thomas.  His ability to recreate atmospheres is unique. Let 's admit that to beat Ansermet with Petrouchka is a very hard task but Dorati resolves the score from a different perspective, giving it a turn of page; he gives a major martial emphasis to First Scene and eludes the dreamlike approach of Ansermet to place it an evanescent and elusive atmosphere pregnant of boiling tension and high doses of dissonant chords, cynical environment, a macabre pantomime and percussive accent searching a conception that oscillates between Prokoviev 's acidity and Bartok 's anguish.  The result is brilliant, making Stravinsky works out as the perfect link between the Apollonian expression and the collective unconscious; mercurial and wild; merciless and incisive. I don' t think you can find easily such approach in these modern times. There were a true kaleidoscopic collection of wounds without healing around the world: winners and losers struggled by the hopeless and collective fear found in this music a perfect cathartic  device.   If this Petrouchka version may be considered the second choice after Ansermet, Le Sacre shares honors with the most acclaimed performances ever recorded ever. His approach is fierce, rustic, rude and primitive. Dorati goes directly to the essential mythical root of the score.   But the percussionists of this notable orchestra deserve all the possible acknowledgements, they are superb. Supported by a inspired orchestra in which the winds, metals ands woods reach the peak. It is absolutely impossible to describe the astonishing wholeness of the recording. From the first bars Dorati mesmerizes us and literally plunges the listener in  prehistoric mood. The Orchestra 's tuttis  and  sforzandos are of first rate.  If you are searching for a cryptic, rough and robust reading of this score go for this record as soon as you can.   You will experience a true imaginative journey to our antipodes.      