 Byron Janis was one of  the most prominent American  pianists of his generation, headed by William Kapell, Rosalyn Tureck, Leon Fleisher, John Browning and Lorin Hollander.He possessed tune, technique and temperament, the famous three T required to shine in this difficult activity.  Maybe the favorite repertoire did not fill the future expectations of new audiences after the sixties. The new tendencies of the Sixties shaped new searches: the Russian repertoire had been reassigned to three magnificent pianists from the USSR: Emil Gilels, Sviatoslav Richter and Vladimir Ashkenazy. The impressive number of Piano Festivals all around the world turned out the attention of new audiences, avid to meet the new talents: precisely The Busoni competition allowed to young promises as Marta Argerich to get a place, but also worked out positively for many European artists as Alfred Brendel, Walter Klien, John Lill, John Ogdon, who triumphed in Tchaikovsky Competition. The special interest for the Russian music, decayed in that decade. Mahler, Shostakovich, Nielsen, ascended in the musical taste  and the piano music of Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and Schubert remained for small audiences in Europe, but not in USA . There was a huge interest for the new compositions, so Bartok, Schoenberg, Messiaen, Copland and even Brahms held the attention, but the orchestral sound prevailed over the Hall Concerts. The European invasion and the new names from the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, shadowed many emerging figures.  That's why the new generation of pianists (with the exception of two true icons in the American pianism as Rosalyn Tureck and Earl Wild) as David Dubal, Gerard Robbins, Paul Jacobs, Raymond Lewenthal, Jerome Rose, Adrian Ruiz and Ursula Oppenheimer decided to play Reinecke, Copland, Busoni, Alkan and Liszt. In other words the lack of perception of the new musical tendencies, plus the sudden decay of new directors established the difference and the artistic surviving for many gifted pianists, far beyond the personal disgrace of Fleisher. However this recording will become a true historical reference for the future generations.                                     