 Renoir the unique , the admirable thinker , the great artist, the supreme master, the exquisite director could make an overwhelming tour de force based on the purest tradition of the French comedy . Alfred de Musset ` Les caprices de Marianne (1833) and, Marivaux's The game of love and chance (1730) and Beaumarchais ` s Le marriage de Figaro (1784) were the sources of his inspiration to represent the dramatic situation. "A precise description of the bourgeois of our age. I want to show that for every game , there are rules . If you don't play according to them , you lose" "My ambition was to illustrate this remark: we are dancing on a volcano" . These words come from Renoir in an interview dated 1938. Renoir worked in this movie from February to May 1939 . And in his famous autobiography (Ma vie et mes films -1974- (see my review) reported that during the shooting of this greatly improvised film he was torn between my desire to make a comedy of it and the wish to tell a tragic story . The result of this ambivalence was the film as it is .  The script is an excellent and if I may operatic work . A heroic aviator who lands at Le Bourget after a record transatlantic flight, is acclaimed but he is sad because he expected Christine was there and she did not greet him .  As you well know : hero is the person who makes the things for eros (love) and nothing else . The applauses and world recognition are less than nothing to him .. He will be invited to the castle of the Marquis , Robert de la Chesnaye , Christine `s aristocratic husband ; nothing more and nothing less . Since he decided to accept these rules of the game our beloved hero will be victim of intercrossed events of the destiny; in a complex web of jealous , hypocrisy , double moral and lack of the real meaning of this celebration in his honor . The golden mind and the master hands of this French film maker , son of the famous painter Pierre Renoir made possible to give us a jewel of thousand carats . After a hostile reception and subsequent obstacles , The rules would eventually triumph for the posterity .  Allied bombings destroyed the laboratories where the film's master negative had been stored . And after an never ending odyssey and love for the cinema , three cinephiles , Jean Caborit, Jacques Marchal and Jacques Durand restored the film after discovering thwo hundred boxes of film material recovered from the bombing . The reconstructed film (112 min) was screened at last in 1959 at the Venice Film Festival and reopened in Paris on April 23, 1965. In 1975 Renoir received an honorary Academy award and was described as " agenius who, with grace , responsibility and enviable devotion through silent film , sound film ,feature , documentary , and television , has won the world's admiration".  If I had to take just only ten films to a desert island to prove the greatness of our civilization for the future generations , this would be one of my choices . I must admit I love this film so much that I watch it twice every year since I got it in 1988 . Do you really need another additional proof to acquire this artistic winner and timeless film and make it part of your personal collection?        