 This picture suffers of what once Hitchcock established as the three essential requirements to make a good film; First: a good script; Second a good script and Third: a good script.  The initial sequences are extremely stimulating. A Capitan has been absent along seven long years from his Aerial Activities, since the Gulf War. But the stage is totally different. We are in Serbia and we are in the middle of a blood Civil War, obviously the technology has enhanced but this man simply has not been able to overcome and dominate his inner dragons. He maintains the living flames of the deception and suffers of the famous transfer of guilty. In this case the victim is his old colleague who actually has been ascended to Colonel; that Rank differences is the first of countless insurmountable obstacles that slow but progressively will undermine his actually weak self stem until reaching what Freud remarked as the essential seed of the violence: the vital impulse of a self destruction impulse.  Rutger Hauger made a superb performance as the disturbed mind Captain and Robert Patric (the villain of Terminator II) is the Colonel. In this sense the proposal acquire interesting hues but something happened on the road. There are evident holes in the script that weakens seriously the final result. There are admirable aerial sequences and a dazzling handle of camera, but these grotesque and hard to believe narrative devices transform the fascinating beginning in another pop corned movie.  All serious screenwriter should respect the intelligence of the audience as first premise, unless your target is focused around the newcomer viewers. If that' s the case, please forget my discrepancies and nothing has happened.  This criterion difference may be the visible abyss between the consecrated Istvan Szab, Mike van Diem, Lars von Triers, or Angelopoulus or the promising and distinguished Anthony Minghella or Taylor Hackford respect the fashion directors; the firsts bet for leaving a trace and the others...           