 The passion has a double face ; the film turns around the last twelve hours in the life of Christ. But I emphasize the initial point ; inner passion and outer passion. In this sense the outer passion runs before your eyes and literally catchs you without no mercy . But beware with the inner passion ; isn't equally important to suggest it?  Because if you dont, the balance falls in one extreme and doesnt keep the demanded sense of the passion conceived as a whole process.  The outer passion is brilliant depicted , the overlong cruelty of the  images is absolutely unobjectable ; but there are however five aspects which deserve be mentioned. The apex sequence of the film is about the devolution of the thirty silver coins. The pictorical effect reminded me inmediatly to Rembrandts painting.  The another winner sequence concerns with the journey to the Golgota, the camera looks like shy , filled with sorrow and it becomes in another viewer of the painful fact.  But the picture has several demerits. The opening sequence was filmed with a clear sense of overshocking the viewer  , you dont feel the logical and progressive sense of anguish and unavoidable fate presence ( Watch Dryers Joan of Arc, for instance), it is made melodramatically, trying to imposse you feelings that must derivate from the inside to the outside , and the movie goes in opposite direction. The next point to review is the absence of commitment in Monica Bellucis performance , she looks overacted , and lacks of emotional disturbance sense ; Barbara Hershey in this aspect (The last temptation), overpass her.  And finally the last sequence in which the camera shows the last moments lack of vivid and expecting realism ; it looks effectist and  show a dissapointed sense of tragedy. In this fact, the death of the hero must offer us an extreme sense of universal earthquake, uncomfortable loss of majesty. cosmical sadness, and a great background of failure mythical inmersed in a ravishing sensation, all the universe must scream, and I emphasize this aspect because the tragedy is a fundamental piece of the universe. The effect is not to the dramatic level expected, the heaven teardrop seemed extremely weak in its inner meaning. The death of Christ demands in this final much more.  Gibson made a worthy effort with this movie but he never climbed the high peak of Braveheart.     