 First at all, Im powerful and greatfully surprised by this movie. Its a first rate, by many reasons. The clever script and the golden direction of Lyne. In fact, when you see this film you know since the first fifteen minutes that you are in an unusual film. The narrative style, the accurate telling reminds us to Louis Malle (Damage), Joseph Losey (The messenger) amd Jacques Torneur (Detour). The superb performance of Diana Lane makes me think that this extraordinary talented and not less beuatiful actress (one of the top ten actually) has been neglected for many roles. She has an absolute charisma. She seduces the camera, and has multiple skills, for the drama and the light comedy (Under the sun of Toscane). I still remeber in Cotton Club and it's well known that Coppola has had the Midas touch for young actors. This is a high point for Lane. And remember she still was a teenager. Richard Gere is OK, but Olivier Martinez is outstanding. Happily he gets the perfect balance for Lane. His role is perversely made with a touch of refined style. Both of them steal the show. The film combines the best of the film noir with a deep load of internal anguish in this unhappy couple, for all we know. The shameless weighs all a world in the troubled soul of Gere after the fact, and so Lane is one step below the madness. The final ending is anthological.  I've always shared the idea that in film like this, the ending must be opened. And Adrian Lyne crossed at last! the category of a worth director to become in a talented director of first rate.  Hitchock told once that there were two kinds of directors; those who saw upon their heads and those who saw just the floor. It's a pedestrian but clear view that allows us classify them. And Lyne crossed the edge and went to the rank of creative directors. A vow for Lyne and we expect much more from you. Dont let us down. Dont look at behind. Remember Orson Welles when he was interwiewed in Cannes after his Othello in 1953. Welles said : Othello is a well done film. But the project that Ive in mind. That's just a masterpiece. Its the hunters criterion. Buy this film and soon youll forget Fatal Atraction. I swear you.     