 This film is so caleidoscopic ; charm , innovative , bittersweet, fresh and above all spontaneous . Allen smelt the bitter times and decided to create a gentle and sincere work about the unability of getting the whole happiness . He suggests us the concept so many times repeated : the happiness is just a lovely , funny and poetic vignettes colection , but beware about to reach this utopic state for a long time . We must laugh before being happy ; otherwise we can die without having laughed . Since Woody and Diane are two isolated human beings in that overwhelming city in which you need to have a center in the mythical sense . They meet and feel that invisible chemistry ; plenty of reciprocal armonies and shared glances . New York is once more a monumental and changing background to express the greatness and the unability to vibrate to the same frenetic rhtym this city beats .  Thet decide to live together and slowly as a sugessting adagio they remeet they learn the fugacity of the relationship ; the incompatibility of characters and these little diferences which progressively grow and become a invisible barrier where they acquire a new profile of loneliness due to the limits in their emotional spheres . They love themselves but no more than their independence . Nevertheless Allen knew to avoid to fall in the so well known clich and builds a brilliant ending for both of them .  At last Allen will reveal as a guy filled with new hopes , recognizing his inner weakness and wishing her the best .  But the form in which this romantic drama will develop its own flight is so original and well done that you can not forget it at all and like the good books this cult movie lives with you , and your memories . In particular I must confess I watch it once or twice every year . The other point to remark is the fundamental concerns given for Allen is in the air . And thanks to that premise engaged besides,  to a wider audience like the european where this film is higly loved too , because the drama (if it is real ) exits no matter you live in Tokio , Oslo or Vienna . The places , persons and situations change but how to deal with that question . A timeless artistic winner !        