 This is  probably,  the most controversial Symphony of the cycle, and that? s because this is the most incorporeal of his Orchestral works. It is a score filled of youth ` s reminiscences and I would go further, remarking the imperative requisite to know at least his most important chamber works. To Brahms the Romantic language was never expansive and extroverted  like Schumann for instance. He certainly had another approach respect the Romanticism. Perhaps under the light the echoes of the rampant musical nationalism that invaded practically all the artistic issues in the second half of the Century, accented even more the tendency to make a deep inside journey in search of old memories, ancestral roots. That is why we can feel that enormous cloud of bucolic charm around the whole Symphony. In fact the lavish Hamburg ?s son maintains that reflexive atmosphere in the three First Movements to release all his happy moods in the last movement. It is absolutely true you may find traces of his distant Op. 98 in the Second Movement. If you listen very carefully you will find echoes of the last movement of Mahler ?s First Symphony.   On the other hand if you as director maintains an absolute conceptual rigidity you may froze it the whole work. You must have an absolute domain of the Brahmsian lexicon and try to not fall into a sea of steady calm or additional Romantic touch.  Reiner gave to my mind one of the most expressive performances ever recorded with the New York Philharmonic (March 12, 1960) due Reiner' s expressive austerity fitted as ring to finger for this Symphony, and probably his best achievement in any other of Brahms Symphonies.   In which the Hungarian Dances (recorded in February 1946 with the Pittsburgh Symphonic Orchestra) concern, you will never find another version worthy to compare. These are the most propulsive, virile and fiercest Hungarian Dances that I have ever heard before until this date, they own that incisiveness and enraptured vigor that establish by themselves a fundamental distinction respect the other superficial versions that only focuses  around the gallery `s sensationalism to evoke a tearful mood in the audience.  So for all the hard fans of Reiner it ?s a must-buy and for all those who still consider the Hungarian Dances are simple lullabies to make sigh musical newcomers, go for this album, because you will remain astonished after you listen them. Reiner eliminated all sentimental patina and approached them with unusual energy free of any nationalistic fervor but going to the deepest soul of the score.       