 The symphonic structure given by Tarantino obeys to one of the most ancient traditions of the Italian spirit: the undeniable musicality. This surprising  first Opus of Quentin Tarantino is an admirable testimony the Noir Film is far from dying. The First Movement is the initial dialog around the table; an original device to explore every member of the band; their particular tastes, standpoints and approach. The table is the most important place meeting of the gangsters: the succulent food allows to boast, dream and establish the ideas without restrictions.   They have planed to steal a bank, keeping every little detail, the objective opens to present us in first plane the whole family, in suggestive slow motion: the humor is another ingredient of the key optic in Quentin; the famous song Little green bag alludes and foretells the imminent robe. The second movement is a cynical scherzo: the plans never consider the human factor and that means the twist of fate: after the fabulous and realist shooting the members have to separate: and the third movement appears: one of them is seriously wounded and one cop is made prisoner while Keitel assumes the command. The cop is tied and we as viewers will presence one of the most brutal scenes of sadism in the story of the Cinema.  The jokes have vanished and here you have in this dramatic triangle whose vertices are the law, the death and the opportunity to escape. The rest of the story runs for you: and here is the great match point of Tarantino. The claustrophobic tension in this hidden hangar is feed by multiple factors: the uncertainness, the isolation of the outer world, the natural anguish of the rest of the band, the gradual desperation of the dying delinquent, the struggle between loyalty and opportunity will lead to a ravishing dramatic crescendo: a formidable coda that will lead to the ending climax.       Tarantino made possible to materialize the best American noir film of the Nineties. One of my personal cult movies in any age.      