 Glenn Gould played this Brahms's piano Concerto in the most irreverent possible way. With this approach G.G pretended to prove there' something sick in the heart of the romantic mood. Maybe you remember the celebrated series Civilization's Kenneth Clark concerned with the Romanticism. The camera shows a turbulent sea beating on the rocks in the middle of a tempest with the Pastoral Symphony's Third Movement as musical curtain. And suddenly a picture is seen in a museum's wall showing the scene of a torment but now it's Brahms `s Third Symphony's third Movement the musical support.  In few words, Bernstein makes an important forewarning: He doesn't share the vision of Gould respect to the whole conception of the extremely slow tempos, but he respects Mr. Gould and Bernstein, in a obvious example of tolerance - an magnificent example of democracy in action - accorded to join in this anti climatic and sophisticated performance. This reading will divide the audience in just two: you'll love it or hate it , but there's no space for a neutral position. This approach plays hard with the passionate listener usually accustomed to the tearful faces and the exacerbated melodrama sense of the last half of the Century specifically in this firework concerts - as the famous and well known musical match between Franz Liszt and  Sigismund Thalberg in Paris- or so many and documented cases of overindulgent pages of Romantic dullness. Gould above all wants to unmask the persistent atrophy and lack of sincerity of great portion of the audience who goes to the concert in search other interests absolutely divorced of the authentic reason who joins them, and in the other hand to prove the Romanticism in excess is a sign of lack of force . So consider the attack is not about Brahms specifically due the fact he recorded two CD of this composer years later after this recital, making a special inflexion in the gesture without transcended will. I guess Gould must not have been a passionate reader of  Proust or Victor Hugo. And think about in names such Jules Massenet, Hector Berlioz, Nikolai Medtner,Carl Tausig, Anton Rubinstein, Cesar Frank, Ignaz Moscheles, Sharwenka, Bronsart, D' Albert and Carl Reinecke among the most representative icons of this tradition.      As a fascinating document and a real musical weirdness must be classified this interpretation . To reveal my point of view would be unfortunately I think you should make this decision because never before and perhaps never more you as listener will have the chance to get even another similar reading.  The only thing I can add is to remind you a very clever La Rochefoucauld's statement : "The defects are born due the exaggeration of the virtues".            