 "In times of hypocrisy sincerity associates with cynicism" (Somerset Maugham) The old man Lear decides to divide his kingdom among his three daughters. Confounding the false adulation of the eldest daughters (Goneril and Regan)with authentic filial love and the sincerity of Cordelia with disloyalty, disinherits her and redistributes the accorded portion, consenting half and half. Meanwhile Cordelia decides to get marry with France'King and Count Kent, who infructuously has intended to convince Lear in reason, is exiled. Nevertheless Lear will understand that those we love more than anybody are precisely, who hurt with major intensity.  When Lear renounces to his throne and delegated his authority and responsibility , and pretends being treated as a King, doesn 't seem to realize his redemption act has been the key master that will open the Great Gate toward the greed, ambition and infinite power thirst.  And that' s precisely Lear decides to make a journey to the madness, trying to isolate from the irreversible hell that will come for him to fade.      One of the sublime creations of Shakespeare acquire special shine in this Russian adaptation. Filmed in glorious black  white, with a cold and inhospitable landscape, Kozintsev underlines the irrationality of that fight without scruples for the absolute power.  From the first shots of the film, we' ll see an impressive crane movement to show a miserable and maltreated people. The violent camera movements through the movie are going to accent the struggling character of the text.  Yuri Yarret makes a superb performance of the maddened King. The fidelity's text and age, rigorously rebuilt, made the most exigent Western Shakeperians ( including myself) would applause it without reserves.      Footnote: Maybe it is useless for my English readers a curious semantic detail: Sanity in Spanish means cordura . And now let' s think in Cordelia, his most sincere daughter. The linguistic roots are very similar. Don't you?         