 This film was the greatest work made by the master Stanley Kubrick.  This movie is built like a Symphony in four movements. Introduction: the dawn of man; we watch in the first thirty minutes , two apes society ; with unsaid rules and a certain perception of the landness. When a monolyte suddenly appears, the sparkilng light of the intelligence enlights them. The aspects concerned with violence, sense of possesion, cruelty, and the taste for meat are visible shown; this step ahead in the evolution is one of the most powerful and extraordinary take ever filmed; the use of a bone as a lethal weapon is linked with the Second movement; we are now in XX century and we are witness of the purpose of the mission to Jupiter. The journey would be the third movement; more specifically depicted as the Adagio , think in the Ninth Synphonys Beethoven; and this long sequence of the experience in the planet will carry us to the Fourth and last movement in which the relativity theory appears: this is the real meaning of the calelidoscopic journey beutifully depicted by a wide and dynamical spectral color frequency ; the concepts of time and space are broken and our hero; (after the epic struggle fight with HAL 900)will land in other dimension in a twilight zone; , a simmetry hall watching himself in a bed surrounded by a barroque style,  with the monolyte as silent witness, in which he will reborn in that unforgettable ending sequence. Inmediatly after Dr. Strangelove, Kubrick engaged literal and really with this tale of Arthur Clark, and five years were spent to get that challenging work.  And finally Kubrick shocked the whole world with a movie out of its time ; one legendary cult movie ; a real artistic and cinematographic winner; but the complex lines that support the film easily would surpass the limits of this review. Ive always thought since I watched it in 1968 , that Michael Collins in one of his countless thoughts when he turned around the dark side of the moon; the journey sequence certainly would be a leit motive when he faced this vertigo sensation in front the huge universe and the infiniteness sense he felt. The musical employed were another genius touch; from Ligetti to Kachaturian and from Strauss Johann to Strauss Richard s Zarathustra as a smart link motive between the first and second movement and the end sequence. The special effects are worthy even today. The loneliness in which Dullea is involved when he talks with his family, is suggeted with a dark poetry , visual and musically speaking. You dont have any excuse for not watching this major film. A must in your DVD collection.  This film remained until 1972 as the major scifi achievement, but when Tarkovsky filmed Solaris , this one became in a second place.     