 Despite the elapsed years, the figure of Hans Rosbaud, considered in the past as a dismissed conductor, luckily, has been disappearing. His status has nothing to do with the enigmatic neglect of considerable sector of the great audiences. This CD contains remarkable evidences that support this statement, as we will see. Wolfang Schneiderhan is -undeniably - one of the master violinists in Mozart. His intonation is extremely evocative, his phrasing has that naf touch so lovable in these works. Mozart doesn't demand fierceness but delicacy and slender elegance and finesse. The Fourth Concerto is one the most relevant examples of superb musicality and austere sobriety. Rosbaud makes the accompaniment as he was doing a careful filigree labor. When you listen the Oxford you will remain astonished for a long time. In my opinion we are in front of the Oxford per excellence. There are three memorable versions in the market: scherchen - Vienna Symphony the fifties, Bernstein -Vienna Philharmonic of 1971 in a very hard to get edition celebrating the 150th anniversary of the Orchestra and a fabulous performance of Colin Davis and the Concertgebouw of Amsterdam. This Oxford has flexibility, rapture, musculature and expansiveness. The Berlin Philharmonic in 1957 is in very good shape. Consider the fact Wilhelm Frtwangler just had died here years ago, the Orchestra still conserved the Frtwanglerian sound, because Ferenc Fricsay the legitimate and worthy successor of Wilhelm.Noblesse and poetry; humor and expression; fantasy and nerve; the voices within the supreme orchestra around the world is an overwhelming experience. Rosbaud conferred vigor, dynamism and joyous frenzy. The Final movement is simply perfect, filled with Dionysian inspiration.  The London is admirable, but there are better than one: until now I have not listened a successful performance that even gets close to the legendary version of  Charles Munch with the Boston Symphony in the fifties; Scherchen -Vienna Symphony is a good choice too. Ii insist this is not a bad performance but Munch broke the limits of the excellence, establishing an abysmal handicap respect the others musical readings.               