 Under the actual comments aroused by the recent film of Ang Lee, respect an ambivalent friendship of two cowboys, it would be convenient to make a glimpse around one of the most original and  ambitious Westerns ever made.  No other genre in the cinema has begot and even had such perdurable importance more rigorously codified than this. And  there not too many existential Westerns deepened so prolixity the wide gamut of characters with such ambitious intentions, which delineate with admirable precision some of the most psychological profiles of this narrative genre, that represents like no other else, the particular Mythology of USA.  Its winged originality resides in the detailed exploration of minuscule but remarkable narrative episodes. You should not forget Dmytryk has made a long journey from the Noir genre and bold previous works such as A gentleman 's agreement or Murder my sweet , just to name the most significant ones. Warlock frontier city governed by an inept sheriff and terrorized by Abe McQuown make its citizens decide to hire a shaman gunfighter (Blaisdell), whose bullet proof friendship with Morgan determines one of the dramatic components in the film. Ironically the emblematic of an antihero emerges of the bad guys band (Gannon) crosses the line when disappointed and even tired way of living, assumed the role of attached sheriff; he is considered a traitor by his old colleagues and a newly arrived for the people of the town who (once the irony appears) seems to be interested on Lilly Dollar ( a dissolute woman) who has walked a long affective road with Morgan and Blaisdell, whose happy existence as a happy married was interrupted when Johnson was killed by Blaisell.   There are evident of this weird affection, expressed as an excess of over shelter of Morgan respect Blaisedell since he shots the brother of Johnson who is seeking for revenge for his brother 's death; he is not only his personal and free bodyguard, he maintains the apparently solid personality who can appreciate in the first part of the picture. But when Blaisedell decides to establish a serious compromise and proposes Jessie to marry, Morgan 's attitude denotes a visible jealous behavior and among his terrible disillusion he challenges and loses the game.   There are many interesting secondary arguments beneath this script, that arguably seemed to demystify the pretended Western 's legend and to redefine the schemes under this unusual approach.  The somber and unexpected finale may be considered a true anticlimax and that would complete the whole cycle.                               