 The irony is a sadness that is incapable of laugh ; then , laughs.  Above all this is a post -Allen film . Diane Keaton is superb as the famous and reknown writer but emotionally a loser . Her intellectual height is her principal emotive barrier since she is incapable to get a man who navigates in her waters . She is an Athena woman , gifted with sparkling intelligence , dear prudence and necessary wisdom . But it seems to reach that vertex is not enough . It can not be  . Because Aphrodite is absent .  As you can guess, you have the essential ingredients to develop a dramatic comedy . Keaton seems to emerge from a Woody Allen film .   In the other hand we have Jack Nicholson a successful executive the beloved seducer without any other duties and even complications in his private life . He represents the mirror male image of Aphrodite . He is a refined man and above all a  powerful personality with charm and discretion he conquers all the possible women . The modern version of the Casanova : the yuppie version of Don Giovanni .  In the third corner we have to Amanda Pet an inhibited girl of these times . She is a successful woman and somehow she is the left arm , the aphrodisiac branch visibly missed in her mother .  In the fourth side of this square we have Keanu Reeves in a brilliant performance , he is a mature man despite his youth ,. He hasn't got a stable relationship in his social circle . so he watches in Keaton the blind side of Nicholson . He observes in Keaton the happy blending of the experience and the passion . He idealizes Keaton and in his mind Aphrodite is simply resting , not absent .  The smart device of the suggestive e-mails between these lovers reveal the lone aspect of their souls  and works out as personal therapy which will allow them suggest what the real human presence sometimes avoids it by several reasons .  And the rest runs for you . A very smart script , pleasant dialogues and fine humour with a lovely homage to Casablanca : We will always have Paris .  Curiously Diane Keaton made the whole cycle . She stared in 1972 Play it again , Sam, a very clever stylised rhapsody about Casablanca with Woody Allen and directed by Herbert Ross . She plays the role assigned to Ingrid Bergman while woody Allen is chased by Bogart spectre along the film because he lacks the seducer magnetism of Humphrey and so he advises him.  Impressive acting for the entire cast and undoubtedly the finest American dramatic comedy in this Century .      