 The Manchurian candidate is political fiction at its most forceful on the screen. Laurence Harvey's performance is obsessive fascinating from beginning to end. Frank Sinatra is   top-notch, but Angela Langsbury, as the fanatical communist mother, steals the show. The Manchurian candidate plays fast  and loose with the concept of the brainwashing, with weird angles of shooting as clever device to increase the "dramatis personae" . Many of these camera's positions reminds us several scenes of Citizen Kane (like Senator's murder view from the kitchen's floor). A fluid dolly and truck shots to achieve what is not spoken, let alone explained, as the Gls are put through their paces by an unctuous chinese military psychiatrist. Jarringly powerful, this film is a cold war thriller that typifies the updating and transformations of the film noir. In fact, Manchurian is a contemporary nightmare perpetrated by extremely political thinking. The film uses a great many noir conventions. The atmosphere is corrupt and opressive and even grotesque. The most notable among these correlatives of evil would be Henry Silva as the predatory Chunjin and Angela Langsbury as the aging and ambitious mother. Frankenheimer directed this film with a delicate balance between the physical suspense and an apolinean intelectual puzzle. Eliptical direction and an undercurrent of violence is compounded by the character's overwhelming confussion. But there is still more. The underlying  homage to Hamlet about the troubled relations between  Raymond Shaw and his step father and mother about deciding his future since the first moment he arrives from the war's front, is sealed with the kiss given by Langsbury to his "baby". So the short speech given by Bennet Marco (Frank Sinatra) is a smart device very often used at the theater. This anti-war movie, populated by loosers and con men is replaced by the slick and the pretentious world of politics. Just months after, Dr. Strangelove would crash the screen, and even if both films seems differ conceptually, undoubtly, have common roots. The sixties would produce other renarkable films about related arguments.These were in   crooked  order ; Fail safe (Lumet) , Seven days of May (Frankenheimer again), There comes the russians (Jewison) and the hill (Lumet). And if you order the puzzle with the Bridge over Kwai river (Lean) and then Paths of glory (Kubrick), you'll find once more the archetype cycle of epic, tragedy and comedy. Happily,  there was a film that stopped   (at least by a brief time) all these bitter and dishearten views about the war and renewed the epic sense of the life like Patton was. It's useless to state that Manchurian is the masterpiece  in the notable career of this talented and visionary director. The transfer process on DVD was perfect.     