 The disturbing question around the inquirer Arnold is are you i nvolved or not with the Nazis? . He doesnt understand how you can face the enemie without being outside the country as others did it. Toscanini, Klemperer, Schoenberg or Bruno Walter. Wilhelm Furtwangler holds his reasoning of keeping inside, holding the struggle face to face.  There have always been these two points of view about how deal with that. Is really the politics more important than the art? It depends on you; and how you face the life; the ancient greeks used call idiot to this kind of people who just care about his personal business; forgetting perhaps the meaning of what citizenship means. That's why Furtwangler develops his art of cobducting. The art will always survive far beyond the politics ; due his goals are timeless ; the politics turns around another level , a minor level obviously , because the material needs of the human being concern to a major number of people than the art ; whose purpose is by its own nature more reduced, less popular , more aristocratic. And we are then before a democratic choice ; the art has been always in a less proportion than politics. The Reinassance fact concerned juist about a few minds and men ; and its hard to think about if the achievements made by all this reborn spiritual could have been understood by the whole population. This film show both positions ; the trascendence against the present moment ; the aristos facing the vulgarity . Keitel and Sanksgard sre flamboyant in every role . Szabo with his camera and enlighting are fisrt rate. The issues delaed in this movie are timeless discussion , thts why this picture is an important document about the awful facts after the WW2 about Wilhelm Furtwangler the greatest conductor in any age. Watch this film and please donnt forget that the little K inscribed himself twice with the Nazis. Pitifully Ferenc Fricsay , the conductor designed by Furtwangler as the future conductor would die in 1962 , a fact that allowed to the little K conduct the Berlin Philarmonic till his death in 1986.     