 From Alvin Sargent 's script, this film marks with firm step the first incursion of Robert Redford as director, and the result has been overwhelming.  With such material Redford bet for a so delicate and so hard theme that seems to be inspired in a Bergman film.   A familiar tragedy originates an absolute lack of emotional equilibrium around the members of a middle class family. His elder son has been awfully and touched by this significant loss and suffers serious deviations in his emotive behavior, blaming himself about it. Terrible revelations along the film will involve us from start to end. But there is still more, his mother is a human being unable to inspire love, transmit confidence and elicit human warmth. These emotive scarcities will surround his intimate and outer  world, creating an invisible but very defined frontier of self sufficiency isolating practically of all those who esteem and love her.  From the times of a Long day 's journey into the night, Guess who is coming to dinner, The last picture show and Kramer vs. Kramer we had not watched such kind of potent statement around a visible state of things that carved in relief with such crudeness and realism such familiar portrait. Timothy Hutton got his best achievement in his career. But the honors also go to Mary Tyler Moore featuring the role of this obsessive and emotionally invalid mother; Donald Sutherland made a very vibrant acting as the wounded father who is stood in the middle of the tragedy. He represents the tolerance and the equilibrium trying to deal against the painful circumstances and making the best he can to avoid the unavoidable collapse   Robert Redford will be always remembered by his notable contribution to the enriching of the cinematographic language. He elevated the rank of the drama and made it possible to materialize those little and painful familiar disagreements in the screen with surprising results, and additionally to have thought in Sundance Festival Prize for Independent Directors will ennoble him for ever in the future 's memory.     