 The ancestral myth of blame and redemption appears once more in the middle of the desert when a hero cleans up an isolated town of evil outlaws . After he kills the Four Masters of the desert he can not avoid the feeling of desperation and he decides to kill himself . Eventually he will resurrect on a new person - the redemption - to rectify all the injustices in his previous existence . Obviously the film owns multiple angles and perspectives . It is a western but it is still more than that ; you may argue the Seven Samurais influence and to remind the four Apocalypse riders and conclude it is a religious picture ; wrong choice , you have to find the roots in the heart of the mythology and redefinite the real meaning of the Twelve works of Hercules and understand the significance of the word hero so close in spirit and in building to eros which means love as you know . There is an example that it may be well sound a little exaggeration but in this new stage of a new life , the hero seems to effect a turn to the mysticism you find in the last quartets of Beethoven in which you may conclude the suffering is necessary to reach the last step of the fulfillment demanded by the heroism .  In this stage you would acquire a wisdom and experience innocence to become a child as you beware in the last shot of 2001 .  The redemption to be true is the last stage of the human journey  but definitively not even related with the real hero . The moral and ethics are human creations , the hero knows nothing about these human inflections due he is a nature force and the nature is not good or bad ; it is simply . Beware when a natural event occurs (an earthquake , for instance) the nature is merciless , kids , young and old people are involved in the process with any scruple or negotiation .  The film has a obvious Buuelian breeze . It is deeply introspective it is absorbing and haunting ; it is a feast for your eyes and a remarkable statement . Love it or hate it as you will but one thing is certain . Once you have seen it ... you will never forget it ! This is to me the real masterpiece of Alexander Jodorowsky.       