 Bach is the most ancient of the future's musicians. This clever statement was pronounced once by Pau Casals. And, to be true, these recordings are simply antological. No matter how many times you listen them. You`ll always feel the genius`playing. It`s well known the time spent by Casals to achieve these suites. But the effort was widely worthy.  It seems an irony that Casals and Szerying have been the best performers of the cello suites and violin partitas and sonatas. Casals loved these suites all his life, and he played very often. Naxos made a superb transfer with these musical gems. Its sound is much more clear than the release before. There`s a Laser disc (I ignore if the transfer to DVD has been made) from Japan with Casals playing the suite no. 1 in 1951. I expect all of you have the opportunity to experience to the maestro playing this piece. It`s outstanding. Casals left us other unique musical treasures; the Archiduque, the String quintet`s Schubert op. 163 , his recordings from Prades (8 CD) in two sets, the Dvorak cello concerto and finally the cello sonatas from Ludwig van Beethoven with Rudolf Serkin.(I must confess I haven't heard the same suites with Horszowski, years before.) But back to these suites, when you listen you are transported in just a click to a universe. This ability belongs just to musical genius, artists who are able to penetrate the score and go far beyond it, revealing the essence of the music.  It will be very difficult at least until now, to find another performer who reachs this height. All the glorious adjectives you can imagine will never be enough to describe the level of these recordngs. More than a must it's a commitment you have with yourself. Acquire this record and you'll know once more why Casals was not only the best cellist in any age, but the best gifted musician in all the century XX. This statement would explain why Casals literally elevate the standard interpretations of all his partners. The histamina and enthusiasm generated by Casals was a efluvius who surrounded all the environment around him.     