 The reminded Czech maestro Vaclav Smetacek (30 Sep.1906/ 18 Feb. 1986), was one of the greatest Czech conductors of his time. He was a solo oboist in the Czech Philharmonic (1930-1933) and conducted of the Prague Symphony from 1942 to 1972, when he decided voluntarily to retire himself.  This is one the most neglected Piano concertos ever neglected. Personally I haven' t had the opportunity to watch a live performance. Since those far Fifties, the catalogue included very few versions: Rudolf Firkusny, as a loyal musical Ambassador must have been the pianist who performed by far this work, among the rest of the interpreters.   This page is characterized by a dark semblance and autumnal poetry, illuminated by the fervent flag of the musical Nationalism so in vogue in the second half of the XIX Century. The emotion prevails; don' t try to seek major profundities in his score. The work is literally pregnant of folk tunes and rhapsodic flight. The tonality - in G minor - that I remember can be found in Moscheles Third Comcert  Sviatoslav Richter once more, made a colossal and simultaneously, a humble rendition to this emblematic gem of the Czech folklore. He elevated as any other pianist in the music history the status of this Concert conferring it noblesse, Moravian lyricism, poetry and far beyond a innate sensation of lullaby for his beloved country, something similar to Smetana and his cycle in "My Country" . His interpretation is simply glorious, effervescent, imaginative with admirable rubatos in the First Movement. The Andante Sostenuto finds in Richter his best performer: his thrills and arpeggios are so inspired and enraptured that you will be amazed with such evocative capacity. You can figure out the landscapes, and melancholy throughout his enviable phrasing. Richter conveyed these Moravian Folk tunes and extrapolated them far beyond the Siberian steppes. Believe me, my distinguished reader, I have almost one hundred CD' s of Richter and I would not hesitate just a second to include this performance among his most inspired and successful ever done. But the third movement finds to Richter in a true Dionysiac rapture, altering certain modulations and enriching them at the same time. Smetacek was simply excellent in his accompaniment. This live recording dates from 1966.   This New World is fantastic. Superbly phrased and emotionally stunning. I t has a very strong presence and musculature in the First movement, (What a superb Timpanist!). The Largo is sublime. The Third is frenetic and loaded of violent frenzy and lovable Cantabile. Notice for this unique towering rubato in the Final Code. But respect this emblematic, the best known of Dvorak `s Symphonies has too many good versions.  Personally, I would like to recommend you, not only this sparkling and monumental reading, just four additional versions: a legendary performance of the Forties with Vaclav Talich, the most pyramidal of the almost one hundred versions I have listened : Ferenc Fricsay and Berlin in the early Fifties; an emotional performance and mercurial performance of Arturo Toscanini with NBC and finally Istvan Kertsesz and London Symphony in the late sixties.         