 Dimitri Mitropoulus conducted an extraordinary performance of this millenary Symphony, impregnating it with an exquisite decadent Viennese taste, visibly accented in the First Movement. The supreme virtuosity of this ensemble is worthy to remark, because in the thirties, was not ranked between the most distinguished ones. That is why the figure of Mitropoulus seems to enhance and even expand through the times. His artistic contribution was simply invaluable in the selected host of notable European personalities who arrived to USA in search of creative freedom and full development of his skills. This version is extraordinary idiomatic, rich in tints and loaded of this nostalgic mood that conjugates the vanished dreams of a lost childhood, the enrapture Vienna landscapes, the fatalism, anguish and desperation of this disturbed composer. There have been countless versions around the First but just a few, to be honest have achieved such grade of interpretative freshness, artistic conviction and loyal commitment like this one. Obviously, the personal condition of Dimitri, his inner demons to hide his homosexuality in those times, worked out as additional ingredient (emotional memory) to accent the oppressive and somber character of the Symphony. Mitropoulus portrayed with such elegance, lyric flight, delirious rapture and engaging flair the kaleidoscopic fates of this emblematic work.   I consider this performance remains between the most distinguished ones ever made to date. The others would be the other version of him conducting the New York Philharmonic, the two famous Horenstein `s reading, the reminded version of Bruno Walter with NYP, Kubelik 's Bavarian Symphony, Bernstein 's Vienna, and Maazel . You may name others too but after listening at least fifty different versions of new releases, something seems to have vanished, a certain spelling essential atmosphere that express that crucial point of transition, the breakthrough of the Post Romantic Tradition and the unavoidable fissure of the existential anguish. Many conductors simply do not want to think the untold spirit hidden beneath the bars and tend to confound the ontological loneliness, and religious fears with a gradual unhinging of the senses.   When you listen this historical recording and the fabulous redemption return in the Last Movement, you will understand with major intensity what I mean.  Don' t doubt it just for a second and buy this treasured CD      