 Toscanini -believe it or not- just only conducted this lovable Symphony (to my mind the most pyramidal of Mozart's Symphonies). If you consider this circumstance and the considerably reduced number of Symphonic works, the conclusion seems evident. This was the second performance ( The Maestro was in 73) with the NBC recorded in the claustrophobic Studio 8H, 20 April 1949. The First Movement is visibly taut and played without Majestic warmth. It possesses epic breadth but the Dionysian aspect is vanished. This Mozart is extremely dense, and Fore Beethovenian. Maybe this was his hidden intention.  It seems an undeniable fact to affirm Toscanini didn't enjoy neither Adagios nor Andantes. He eluded them visibly and intended to play as fast as he can. Three examples are extremely revealing: The Adagio in the "New World", the Andante in Mendelssohn's Fifth and particularly in this Andante.    The Second Movement lacks of serenity and contemplative rapture. It' s played very fast, resulting a hasted phrasing. The expected ingenuity of the Third Movement is substituted by harsh attacks. The last Movement is the best, without any doubt. "Nobody knows what it means to walk under the shadow of a giant"; this was Brahms comment, referring to Beethoven, every time he was requested about the continuous demands of close friends and the audience to write a Symphony.  It's not a mere casualty we had to wait till the Op. 48 composed among his 29 and 43 years (fourteen years is not precisely a piece of cake)  As you can guess, the jewel of the crown is this superb performance of Brahms First. The introduction is the key that can guarantee us if the movement will be fortunate or not. There must be a hidden and latent restrained rage -expressed by timpani through its Fifty two beats in throughout the intrinsic character vary of character and intensity-    involved by the  strings. The admirable conviction and admirable phrasing is present along the performance. The Orchestra's tuttis , rubatos, pianissimos and sforzandos are simply sublime. Far from being reluctant fireworks , constitute effective dramatic devices to express a vision.   This living recorded version in Carnegie Hall, 6 May, 1940 is to my mind the most  educated and refined performance made with the members of the NBC. But if you are still seeking for the most epic performance of this work, then go for the incandescent, radiant and expansive First recorded 17 January, 1943 (Music & Arts CD-995). It' simply superb. This is my definitive choice in what NBC register concerns.   My Toscanini Brahms First' s favorite dramatic approach is the electrifying performance with the Philarmonia Orchestra in 1952. It still remains as the unsurpassable, out of NBC circuit.       