 When you watch the run of the arrow of Samuel Fuller, youll know why this a adaptation of that one, but without its force. I didnt have notice of Fullers movie till I read a long interview in 1996 in a Spanish magazine called Nosferatu, in which Mr. Fuller complainted around the special fact that Dances was a light reading of the run of the arrow. But we know what happened with Samuel Fuller.  I think Mr. Costner who undoubtly is very original with the use of the camera, seems to carry by the safe road of a tearful movie, in a clear searching of touching the soul and heart of the viewer. The excess of romanticism about an outlaw who decides to rebel against the rules. Therere too many elemental situations close to clich, the story is too predictable than youll be wondering why this movie won so many Academy awards if you compare with deepest and ambicious films , like The searchers, The naked spur, Ride the high country, Rio bravo, The man of the west, The life and times of judge Roy Bean, Sundance kid, Johnny guitar, The treasure of Sierra Madre, The wild bunch, The ballad of cable Hogue, Once upon a time in the west, or Tombstone (the best western in the last decade) to mention just a few. Dont forget that the western is the mithology of the american cinema. So having this statement in mind, it`s difficult conciliate the anti-hero figure and accept it like political correct. Thanks God that Mr. Costner thought a lot about that point and with his new film Open Range, he inscribed this film as the best western in this new century. Im very glad about that. Because like Robert Refford and Clint Eastwood, Costner will be better remembered as director instead a standard actor And dont surprise if this new film is not so recognized like Dances, because its too hard that another western be prized again by the Academy. It would be a record, considering that the Unforgiven won an Oscar by the best picture in 1992. The fact that four films like Dances with wolves, Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, American beauty,have been rewarding with the Oscar in just  the last decade is a point that deserves an apart mention. But if you turn your attention in films like Patton, Braveheart and Gladiator, (winners too) youll understand that theres something in the air.     