 In the story of the cinema  the only sublime exceptions in which the artistic alliance  between filmmaker and composer worked out so well was in the case of Alfred Hitchcock and Bernard Hermann , Prokoviev Eisenstein , Howard Hawks and Dimitri Tionkin , david Lean and Maurice Jarre  but in the special case Federico Fellinni and Nino Rota , we have the most celebrated of all the previous couples. The fertile and creative imagination of Fellinni seemed to have in Rota the ideal counterpart . Every one of his films is supported for this outstanding idiomatic character ; Rota gave the essential sound who worked out as an invisible actor in the Fellinni films . And the life worked out as the right link among them . Rota was born nine years before (1911) than FeFe . Rota was gifted of a precious musical talent , and his studies in Milan Conservatory  and the Academia of Santa Cecilia augmented by lessons with Scalero and a journey for instruction in conducting from Fritz Reiner . His style was absolutely free of harmonic complexities , his music was delightful, spontaneous and direct . Besides , he was the notable composer of films such The Godfather , The leopard , Riomeo and Juliet , Waterloo and War and Peace among the most remarkable .  You need to have more than inspiration ; you have to be provided of a huge scope and fertile gaze to catch the mood of that idiosyncratic filmmaker . This winner team allowed us to enjoy of unforgettable melodies such La Srada , La Dolce Vita ,Bocaccio 70 , Otto e mezzo , Roma , I clowns , Amarcord (my top choice) , Giulietta degli Spiriti and Prova drchestra The Czech Symphony also deserves a worthy recognizance , in which virtuosism and above all adequate orchestral balance and sense of the nuance and lan . The final words of the same composer will give you a more appropriate idea about this admirable work :  I am ver pleased with the care and respect shown for the music by Derek Wadsworth and the Czech Symphony Orchestra . And in a word of of wildly differing standards of sound quality , it is a great pleasure to listen to this new recording.  But this fact should not surprise us due this orchestra has been always one of the most respected European orchestras , and when you make an account of the top twelve European Orchestras , the Czech is a must in any list even of the most exigent melomaniac. Acquire this work , and you will convince by yourself this was a wise decision .      