 Somehow this film stroke the conscious of how so many people, because of the essential dramatic nucleus is fully inserted in poetical language. Think it very carefully. A group of inmates, will become an Officer "The king of hearts". Beneath this madness process there is a certain doses of "magic realism" , this King would work out as the visionary newcomer, their expected Army salvation.  This Officer has been assigned for a delicate and hazardous mission: to try to find out a born that supposedly can exploit at any moment.   This metaphorical picture is profoundly touching, intriguing, chilling and haunting. This plot will approach you to the fine boundary between sanity and insanity. When you are still breathing the ashes of a bloody War, may you define with absolute accuracy what is right and what is wrong? What does it mean to be sane after Five years in War?   Previously Samuel Fuller had used the acid metaphor in Shock Corridor with chilling results, and then Stanley Kubrick with the delirious unhinged Dr. Strangelove. Mental institutions work out as lucid metaphors for the world outside. If you analyze briefly, if Robert Wiene `s Cabinet of Dr. Caligari was the most remarkable predecessor, there were interesting variants: Metropolis proves that many times, the lucidity may be a question of majorities, having anticipated the 1932 Germany, but then House of Wax confirmed too that the dreams of the reason produce monsters, the literature had given us striking examples, as Dr. Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (superb literary creations product of writers from England the First World Empire at those Ages, irony, febrile precognition or casualty?).    The catatonics, schizoids, Josephines and Napoleons are the sanes, while the outer world would conform the real crazy world. In this sense the process of increasing madness of King Lear would establish the final stage of an initial step when he decided to finish his own bloody World having built his coveted Empire.  Go for this Cult Movie from its immediate release that nourished and inflamed still more the ferocious peaceful conscious of Hippies and 1968 French May (Forbidden to forbid) at that historical moment.      