 Carlo Maria Giulini 's death on June has been possibly the saddest musical absences of this year. I won 't get tired to affirm the musical world lost a wise man in all sense. The happy meeting with the Philharmonia was a successful event, this orchestra is simply magnificent. Woods, strings, metals are extremely powerful and filled with aristocratic profile when you require it. Giulini and this ensemble made important contributions. Go for  instance to his Mozart' s Symphonies 40 and 41 of 1965 (London Label, hard to get it, by the way)   His vision of  Tchaikovsky 's Second Symphony is the most complete and integral I have ever heard previously or even later. There have been fortunate, powerful, sumptuous and perfumed versions: Markevitch and Muti have made striking performances. But anyone of them has been able to equal this unique and eloquent reading. Giulini made a true dissection, an openhearted and systematic interpretation filled with details without losing the apex of the work. He underlined literally all the ingredients that consolidate it as the most Imperial of his three First Symphonies. There is emotion, lyricism, vitality, energy, expressive elegance and visceral approach. There is not any detail you may refuse.   His Sixth Symphony deserves special mention. Absolutely idiomatic, profound and persuasive. Giulini went to the core of the score and extracted all the substance to expose before us one of the most relevant and pyramidal versions in the history of the disc. There is an admirable fact you always should take in mind every time you listen it. Go for the expressive Waltz of the second Movement and then go to the Fourth Movement and realize how the composer reintroduces the same Waltz but in a dark tonality This is the key.    Francesca de Rimini is rich in details, precise and dramatic, although the best rendition of this page comes from Munch and the Boston Symphony.   Romeo and Juliet is a magisterial version, filled of flair and panache; once more the virtuosity of the Orchestra allows us to watch those little details, such as modulation, tempi, and careful sense of expression.      This album deserves without any bit of doubt, to be placed in the coveted list of the best and more successful re mastering records of the Year. Not only due its artistic significance but besides, the sumptuous fidelity and polished sound.   Bravo for the Sound Engineers of EMI. I really hope future feats keep going like this extraordinary event.      A must-buy; it 's my most sincere recommendation.              