 It would be a theme of unfinished duration to place Max Reger in a specific category: Is he the heir of the later expression of the dying Romanticism musical or rather is a pioneer on the threshold of a new renaissance of the musical forms?. It's a difficult matter because precisely, he lived in that transient flow. So, these string quartets constitute possibly the most efficacious evidences of his gradual evolution. Reger adopted undeniable influences of Bach inn his piano and organ compositions, but looked through Beethoven and Brahms in his extended chamber works. His Quartet in D minor without specific Opus (1888) reveals as any other else, his profound admiration by L.v.B. It is a cohesive piece although Max is still far from domain this genre. His Quartet Op. 54 No. 1 is signed by Johannes Brahms with the exception of the Largo mesto. The Quartet Op. 54 No. 2 seems to affiance his musical style. Expansive and serene with enrapturing melodic flights. His Quartet Op 74 is his longest one, composed in the eve of the Century may be considered as music in its purest sense. Reger puts out flashes of a new language, signed by dark poetry -Bcklin- and  elusive abstraction, he returns to Beethoven (specially in the third movement) though the last movement is pregnant of humor. His Op. 109 is a contemplative cosmic gaze not mystical, enrooted deeply in the  intersection's point between the tradition and the innovation. If you listen carefully the first movement you will find suggested traces of the Dies Irae in certain passages.  His last Quartet Op. 12 clearly preannounce in the intimate voices of Schoenberg's Transfigured  Night. It' s undeniable his most complex, dense, ambitious and leafy qprk within this genre. His musical thinking is built on the counterpoint's  basis and traditional forms. His harmonies seem an opaline crystal without definite color. Reger  begins with a certain tonality and comes to it, walking up and down through countless harmonic lateral paths.    The Bern ensemble has been one of best findings in the last two decades. If you think in the raising quartets such Chiringilian, Talich and Berne you may remain calm.     