 Taylor Hackford is one of the most gifted and prominent directors of the American Cinema. He has given us previously authentic film jewels as Dolores Clairburne, Proof of life and The devils's advocate. So all the possible ephitets for this movie somehow weren't strange to me but confirmed once more my first imnpression of Hackford and his artistic talents.  The illumination before all is another hidden actor. Tastefully filmed the secure and masterful direction leads us through three decades. The artistic direction and the set up are impeccable. The film is told in documental stylish and thanks to the multiple flashback, the viewer ellaborates his own readings.  The supporting cast is simply superb. The lense never abuses of the close up. Hackford knows to use it as the good conductor with the "rubato" figure. In the other hand the script reflects to Ray multidimensionally , this a very remarkable aspect: Ray : the man and his whole circunstamce: many directors could have  given us a tearful reading and a soap melodram but you fortunately are before a mature film crudely described.  Jamie Fox,to my mind, makes an impressive acting and I suspect he will be the real winner the next Sunday in the Academy Award. Fox didn't play Ray Charles character. He simply is Ray , he lived the personae. Evcery little gesture, head movement and nervous tics in challenging and dramatic moments. From the first shot entering to that dark stage in the middle of nowhere in such bar, he asimilated the dramatis personae becoming instantaneously in a model not simply an actor in searc of Charles.  If Fox doesn't win this Award this risky prediction won't affect this towering performance at all because he just signed his name in the immortality.  Please go to the movie and acquire this artwork, because the only complaint I have is perhaps a certain lack of surronding atmosphere in the middle of the sixties with the dramatic facts as Martin Luther's King murder for instance and the raising of prominents artists who grew up under his shadow and influence such Stevie Wonder for instance. But this brief comment doesn't mean even an atom of disagree. The movie is a treasure and consider from now an absolute classic film!     