 Who can deny that 1804 was an exceptional year for Beethoven?. You must realize the state of mind in Ludwig van. He had completed his Eroica Symphony and began his Appassionata Sonata and that he began and finished the Waldstein.  Never before, to my mind such notable spirit was immersed in works of such levels. Bonn's genius was in mythological effervescence  and creative rapture.   The supreme musical authority Donald Tovey called the Waldstein the first work to challenge Bach's Goldberg Variations as "the most brilliant piece of sheer instrumental display extant". It's a real interesting to remark the fact this Sonata may be the most symmetric Sonata ever written by him. Think in the tumultuous power of the first movement , gifted with presence, character and energetic vitality, though of brief duration and then realize the long duration of the slow movement. This fact immediately remits us to the Eroica where the Second Movement  is the dramatic nucleus of the work.  The third movement goes far beyond the raise of a new day. It's talking in mythic terms, the expected back to the innocence after the terrible experience: the wisdom innocence and not the ingenious innocence before the experience begins. That's why we feel that redemption state and redefinition of the life.   There have been many powerful readings of this Sonata. My favorite one is a golden treasure recording of the early years of the XX Century in the magic hands of Frau Teresa Carreo, unexplainable not released to commercial level. But after that colossal version, you may consider this performance as one the top five in the market.   Hungerford elaborated a honest approach of this work accenting the dramatic conflict and permeating the slow movement of  sublime noblesse, not theatrical posture and evanescent smooth. The other superb readings would be to my mind. An old Badura Skoda achievement of the Fifties, an Rudolf Serkin performance of the Fifties too, a eighty video of Daniel Barenboim and finally a convincing recording of Murray Perahia in the early eighties too.       