 The script is the spine of a film; I guess there must not be any doubt about it. And this is, precisely the main default: there were too unfinished many details and the cast direction was really terrible.  Let's start with the FBI female agent: simply unbearable; I really couldn't believe it: this role was a fundamental piece in this puzzle script and facing her with Denzel Washington the difference increased exponentially: inexpressive and extremely flat acting without hues.  What happened with Meryl Streep? This character wasn't understood; the perversity, cruelty level and moral depravation shown by Langsbury can not be reduced to a cynical smile and some frenetic raptures. The audience does not know anything about her past; there wasn't a simple flash back about her relationship with her husband; Streep was extremely monochromatic, vapid if you want if you consider her actress status, she seemed to be absolutely absent. I just think in three actresses who perhaps could match with this extremely complex role: Jessica Lange would have been my first choice, Glenn Close (Dangerous liaisons and Fatal Attraction are enough evidences she likes and even handles those border edge roles), or Helen Mirren.  What's up with the implant as dramatic support?, insipid and imprecise.   What about with the wasted talent of Mr. Voight?  his lines seem be written by a personal enemy. The dramatis personae about a crisis of such magnitude were not polished at all.The dialogues do not reflect the real magnitude of what's goin' on.    In the other hand, Denzel saves the game with his undeniable talent but it wasn't enough. Roland Shaw character was OK but Demme doesn't feel comfortable with this political thriller. I just can think in three directors that know this land and domain the multiple involved implications: Phillip Noyce , Wolfang Petersen and Oliver Stone.   Finally the pretentious twist of fate of the original script at the end of the film, was a true anticlimax.  It would not be fair to compare this remake with Frankheimer's original. It would be a sin and besides an insult!       