 In the Fifties the interiorities of the Industry movies was shocked by three remarkable works: everyone of them with its distinctive trademark: All about, Eve, Sunset Boulevard and The bad and the beautiful. This is an unusual film of Vincent Minelli and one of my three personal favorites of him: add Wizard of Oz and Lust for life. Minelli literally showed he unknown and surreptitious passages of this industry alluding to several promising stars in previous and actual ages that you and me know but for obvious reasons must remain in discretional atmosphere.     In the narrative structure of the movie we can visible analogies with Citizen Kane. Around a table we can watch the three characters who involved closer than anyone about the appetencies, emotional behavior, and intimate feature of this mighty personage His unobstructed conviction and unstoppable determination to reach the fame. Every one of them reminds and tells us in glorious flash back about the circumstances, facts and disappointments around him.  Gloria Grahame's  Award has been to my mind the Award with the lesser time acting in the story of the Cinema and I guess this item has its place in Guiness. Her extremely brief appearance deserved her the Best Supporting Actress as playing the role of the devoted wife of this writer, suddenly became a scriptwriter of first range; but the personal effort of Douglas to convince Gloria (Lana Turner) to abandon her alcoholism and the sad memories of his famous father show that beneath the apparently nasty behavior of this human being, remains beneath the surface of the appearances, an obsessed man (as well as Kane with his second wife, remember?) , deeply convinced about her talent against all the odds and negative forecasts.   There have been some discussed awarded performances, and to my view this was one of the most remarkable ones. Gary Cooper won and what happened with this towering acting of Douglas? It seemed that prevailed the idea that being Douglas a young actor, he would be able to win another Prize in the future; so in my humble opinion Cooper `s Prize looks like more a honest acknowledgment  for his triumphal career that the performance by itself. An analog case may be found in 1993 with Al Pacino and  Robert Downey Jr.   Finally we have in this extraordinary epilogue the final result of a passionate life, extremely selfish if you want but promoter of two brilliant careers of two previously low self esteemed people who reached the fame and glory because of him. This is an excellent occasion to remind this Chinese statement: "Everybody reminds the last favor, till it becomes the antepenultimate one"   A must for you in your collection!      