 The Sixth Symphony is the perfect example of a sad song in the middle of nowhere. It 's a horrid lament trying to express the unsaid, that 's why the discarnate solos for woodwinds, the use of the instability and harmonic situations to generate a restlessness, uncertainty  and hopeless, the fuming landscape after the battle, in one word: the bitter silence of Gods. And Mravinsky underlines this aspect as no one. It' s true implosion, an inner catharsis accented by the shadowy tremolos and string pianissimos.   The second Movement is the final result of this restrained tension that disrupts in bitter phrases tempered by the winds that essay a well dissimulated optimism.   The sardonic melodic flight that initiates the Third Movement shake hands with an explosion of sonorous and pretended outburst laughter. There is flame inside the laughs and covered cynicism behind the apparent smile just to please the despot.  Shostakovich smartly, applies to a martial scherzo to mask behind a renewed face the required jauntiness and vulgarity to win the applauses of the gallery, in this pompous circus ending. Recorded in Prague, May 21, 1955.   The twelfth Symphony in Lenin 's homage underlines from the first bars the bloody moments of the October Revolution, you can imagine the bloody corpses, the rain of bullets and struggling environment of a mesmerized and disordered population in search of a long expected revenge of committed vexations. But also reflects the ancient memories of Shostakovich reminding how a boy fell under a blow of the sabre of a Cossack horseman trying to restore the calm in a raged crowd. It is also a tribute to several friends liquidated in the order of Stalin. The first performance took place on 1 October 1961 with Yevegeny Mravisnky conducting the Leningrad Philharmonic. This recording was made in Prague, January 6, 1962.  In what concerns to the performance by itself there are better options. To my taste I have not listened about other that can beat to an impressive performance given by Ogan Durjan and The Gewandhaus of Leizpig, recorded in 1967. That recording is a true milestone recording that overpasses the limits to inscribe itself in unreachable lands.      