 Thanks to the good will patronage of the Vienna Philharmonic, in 1992 with regard to the Wide World Celebration of the 150th  Anniversary the best would yet to come and the countless efforts crystallized a long wait for many music lovers around the world: the edition of  a lot of invaluable recordings which reborn from the forgotten musical files, that reasons apart,  remained out of print.   And due those unexpected and trickery destiny I just walked by Caracas downtown suburbs, when I could realize about a lot of important issues of this special Edition in a very forgotten warehouse of electronic instruments at very low budgets.   So this Double package (out of print and absolutely unavailable at the moment to write this review) maintained a golden and shinning finding: Clemens Kraus conducting one of his best and most reminded musical achievements ever unsurpassed : the famous and legendary  living recording in Wien, Musikverein November 5 1940 of  Beethoven 's  Solemn Mass.  I knew about it since my earliest years about the impact and overwhelming success, but as you must suppose I had lost the hope of having it even in Cassette or vinyl LP . So imagine my surprise and happy finding this unforgettable Saturday evening of 1993.  These are invaluable documents of relevant transcendence for the future musical memory which convey the vitality and the excitement that comes about when an Orchestra of this rank reacts to the personality of a great conductor. Kraus succeed to Frtwangler from 1930 to 1933.  But far from the huge transcendence capitalized by this majuscule musical feat, it is convenient to remark the glorious voices, the Dionysian emphasis, the impeccable domain of the thematic material, the profound conviction, plus the exulted and majestic performance conferred by Kraus.  It is time for you to know this sumptuous, exquisite and enraptured interpretation, whose interpretation level has never been equaled and obviously surpassed.   Check those voices and convince by yourself: Trude Eipperle, Sopran; Luise Willer, Alt/contralt, Julius Patzak, Tenor and Georg Hann. All of them accompanied by the Vienna State Opera Chorus.     