 This work is simply extraordinary. Forget about Dance with wolves!. This film is light years ahead that one. Costner has grown up as film maker and human being : he absorbed the mythological mood and epic spirit , two fundamentals elements of the western mood. He followed the lines of the mythological narrative.  Four men : three generations : one man who still 's a kid . a rescued teenager (Button) from Texas , a middle aged man Charlie (Costner) and finally the boss Boss Spearman (a coincidence in the meaning of his name?) the wise but hard fighter Robert Duvall land in nowhere . They have no comittment with the outer world . They live outdoors and are gipsy cowboys . They are a little family with that charming pet. Suddenly ,  the evil Baxter and his gunfighters will emerge , true villains and obviously a clear pattern western mob . They have a town under his own rules , even the marschall. The spark light that will originate the expected duel will appear : the feeling of revenge will permeate the viewer. In this sense the film is a great tribute to The Seven Samurais , The magnificent seven and Ride the high country .  The film has a superb photography ; the shots are unforgettable , the mountains , the valley , the river are an amazing background where the facts and other little bits will support the dramatis personae. Duvall that cosmical actor is a spiritual guide for Costner , he's his father in the real sense of the word.  They establish a magical rapport in the movie : the inner values about the freedom , the private property and the sense of not being under the orders of no one , will be the starting point for this magnificent western. Duvall is extarordinary expressive. His role is well written , he's bitter and funny with this sense of intelligent cynism. Costner is credible in his role , and the character is a mix of several ancient roles there's some of Elloit Ness : warning by instance the first succesful shot of the duel and plese tell me : Don't you remember the sequence in the untouchables when Elliot Ness pushes from the top of the building to the hated white dressed mob villain ? .  The performance of Anette Bening (Sue) is fabulous . She's an outstanding actress , and gives an extraordinary accent to a demanding role . Her inner mood , the sensuality she raises only with her facial and corporal language are overwhelming. Our kid (Button) wounded , makes the grade as a man in the duel. And finally Percy (Michael Jeter)steals the show as the friendly fellow on the town. The script in its dramatic peak is first rate : it's true that there's a hidden tribute to High Noon , but this one wins in dramatism. Excelent shots , the camera is perfect. Costner has made his masterpiece.  If I could give this movie one thousand stars I would do it! A superb triumph and one of the three best films made in USA in 2003. Do you need another advise to buy this western jewel?     