 In rock all is a question of school , imagination and above all inspiration.  Evil is his immortal trademark. Heavy sound and personality.  In the case of Parchman farm (studio version) we have a high musculature theme with harmonic chorus. Rock & roll in its best. The balance is simply overwhelming, think it in Carmine Apice in the drums and Tim Bogart in the bass: these were Major League musicians, and it was not a mere casuality Beck has called them to record that famous album: Beck, Bogart and Apice.  You can't judge a book by the cover is an interesting piece which plays with blended rhythms and rides between the country folk and the heavy rock. What bass and guitar riffs. Simply amazing. May be you realize this drum play remind you to Grand Funk Railroad in their first stage.  One way or another reflects the obvious influence of Led Zepellin and Jimmy Hendrix Experience with a bit homage to whole lotta' love and far ecoes of Captain Beyond's Can you hear me knocking? Specially in the last motive.   Alaska is a funny country blues piece with admirable joy of living and unbeatable moods.  At last we come to the famous Long tall Sally. high energy and superb musical lesson for any guitar student: listen the perfect balance between the riffs and the bass presence with solid logic without gratuity stridence.  Let me swim is a hard to forget rock & roll piece. Kinetic from the first bar.  Bro. Bill is another expressive country folk theme.  Rock & roll children is a heavy rock piece.  Song for Aries is a slender piece supported by the leader guitar with a set of reminiscent themes you should notice the sincere tribute as a far echo of "In the house of the rising sun".  Restrictions is one the most striking and trademark themes of this glorious band. Very few reflect with so character and dynamism , there is bit of  Cream's Tales of Brave Ulysses . But the song preserves that integrity.  What kind of virtuosi guitar!   Oleo somehow anticipates the heavy metal which reminds us to Mountain in certain passages. Bogart makes a  memorable solo bass Feel so good is a visible homage to Cream.  Rumblin'man is a previously unreleased piece which literally shines by itself. This innovative introduction announces dark presages of later bands such Black Sabbath for instance.   Bad stuff is a theme clearly inspired in Jimmy Hendrix's Foxy lady.   And finally the band repeats with Parchman but in an unforgettable and portentous live recording, showing why this American band was the closest answer to the British cream.  There is not a simple wasted work in this album.  Please run and acquire this legend ensemble.        