 This superb movie has notable edges, a solid script, a talented director, a splendid cast (the four main characters were superb). You should never forget that after that memorable and anthological film: who `s afraid of Virginia Woolf? In 1966, Mike Nichols simply reencountered with himself. He is one the most brilliant and propulsive directors of the last Century, thanks to him Jack Nicholson's career achieved a special peak.  Four defined characters will meet in London. A frustrated male photographer(Julia Roberts), a dare devil writer(Jude Law) who pretends to reach the sudden notoriety through his emotive biographical memories with a girl with serious affective problems and limited self stem who aspires a major status in this society, and finally a bore dermatologist (Clive Owen)who works out as the opposite mirror like image of Law (notice how they exchange high tension dialogues while they are chatting).  These are the defined pieces; and since that dramatic premise there will be an anthological game of wounded wills, emotional double crosses, emotive blackmails, oppression and reinsertion of new patterns of behavior before these serious affective lacks.   Try to pay special attention respect a very brief but emblematic lines in the motel, when Natalie Portman says: "Where is the love?" And she concatenates four verbs in tandem: See me , feel me , touch me , hear me. Does not this sequence sound familiar to you? Well let me refresh the dramatic nucleus of Tommy: the famous Rock Opera. I guess this was a fabulous touch of genius by the screen writer, as well as the prologue and epilogue: can't take my eyes over you, another emblematic homage to that famous song of the late sixties.  One of the most original pictures in that year and a marvelous tour de force, that rejoins us with those golden years where the chamber works of overwhelming theatrical stages became successful films (A streetcar named desire, A long day journey through the night) are by themselves the best evidence.    "Love is the eternal toy that the women pretend to give and the men assume they receive." (Nietzsche)     