 If I had to make the most careful analysis of the impressive career of the freest director in any time, certainly I would not hesitate to select this film among his five top movies. The Fellini' s first attempt in color resulted in a extraordinary account of the unhappy environment of a wealthy woman, who suspicious of his tricky husband. He is a famous public agent, and advertiser and entrepreneur who loves to cheat his wife arguing professional duties for keeping as longer he can far from home.  In her huge mansion, she is visited for all kind of people. She even, decides to invoke the spirits and hire the services of a private eye to know about the love affairs of his husband.  But this script in the hands of FeFe, reaches a special status, loaded with sarcastic and black humor all the way: she will tempted for two men but she will resist the flesh call. Nevertheless, the febrile imagination and unstoppable surrealist breath of Fellini, will lead to the intimate memories, painful fears of her vanished childhood of this woman with that Bambi face. In the road she will meet lovable fatale femmes, exchanging standpoints and allowing herself to visit the fascinating and ludicrous world of some of them. Her childhood memories, her first theater stage, spiritual wounds, disaffects will invade our spirits,souls and mind with such splendid good taste and stylistic elegance as any other related film. In hands of any other director this well known plot would have been another common place, but Fellini makes the admirable journey, employing certainly previous narrative resources  of 8 !/2, and turning in a very personal liberation state what in any other vision could be another personal failure. You will explore the crisis of the mature age, the always present gossip, the discrete and suggestive references to her personal disgrace and the semblance of this strange who recites Garcia Lorca's strophes, specially appropriated for the moment.    Giuletta Masina did it again. Sylvia Koscina is unforgettable in a brief cameo in the first third of the film. One of my treasured films ever!                   