 The Eighth Symphony maybe considered a work with accented resemblance in what spirit concerns, to Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony or Schuman's Renana. Somehow this humble and honest artwork prefigures (specially in the second half of the Adagio) Mahler. It owns manifold and lovable moments. And it keeps a musical solidity supported by a clear chamber work atmosphere; smart device to cram the multiple bucolic atmosphere and in the meantime to underline the peacefulness in the first three movements. Dvorak wish's was and we cite: "To write a work which is different from my other symphonies, with individual ideas worked out in a new way". New way meant the new musical horizons seen by Dvorak. This is one of my beloved symphonies of this Czech composer and if you want to be winner conducting it , you need not only a first class orchestra but a whole gaze about the work. For instance you must avoid the tempting crescendos in the First Movement to allow the work doesn't miss the intimate character. Later, you will have the chance to exhibit the tonal musculature in the passage previous to the Coda. In the visibly reflective second Movement the journey takes a breath and the flute emerges as Wagner's device in Sigfried, representing the role of a bird, the sudden and unexpected second theme must spout organically as the nature by itself.  It's very easy to fall in a cloying approach but that's the clue: to avoid it, specially in that charming Third Movement.   There are to my mind, just only four superb and overwhelming versions that detach far above the others: In first term the prodigious and never equaled to date exuberant performance given by the Alsatian Maestro Charles Munch with the one million carats orchestra: the Boston Symphony in 1960, the memorable reading of Istvan Kertesz and the London Symphony, the impressive reading of Rafael Kubelik with the Berlin Philharmonic dated on 1966. Kubelik was fifty two years old and the Berlin sound was in those ages simply bombastically effective,  and finally a fabulous version of Vaclav Tallich with the Czech Philharmonic in the middle fifties.  In what the Ninth concerns nobody has been able to overpass until now the impressive and splendid performance given by Ferenc Fricsay and the Berlin Philharmonic in the early fifties.            