 The egregious and omnipresent figure of this unequaled dramaturge reached a peak of colossal dimensions. Although the elapsed time, his influence and absolute domain of the drama, his delirious visions about the greed, ambition, and power 's thirst seem to revive the glorious splendor of the unbeatable Greek tragedy.  There has not been any other writer who had retaken with such vigor, intensity and unrestrained realism the core of the tragic spirit. As the great visionaries, he introduces in his works and obligates us to be part of it. You cannot avoid it. Passion, luxury, betrayal, murder are fundamental factors that support the most diverse complexities of the human soul.  The extended range of aroused emotions we experience show us the mastery of his genius. Humor ( The merchant of Venice, Merry wives of Windsor, The comedy of errors) the eloquent passion exhibited in Gerona 's lovers, the sublime exquisiteness of A midsummer night `s dream, the egregious domain of the feminine psychology (The taming of the shrew) and his portentous vision of the last consequences of the power (Richard III, Macbeth, Hamlet,  King Lear) reveal such penetrating knowledge of the human being that may be considered a continuous and always renovated source of analysis and febrile investigation for all those who had decided to get inside this kaleidoscopic universe.   His radiant brightness endures and increases through the times. Reading him we understand  and even anticipate a good part of the past story of the last Century. That is why Albert Camus defined the XX Century as the Fear 's Century, he was thinking and talking in Shakespearean terms.      Perhaps the most distinguished and remarkable aspect to underline resides in the fact his characters are so emblematic by themselves; that frequently defies any logic or defined ideology. They are models in which his kindness, perversity or evilness concern.       Don' t let your life passes over without having been a silent witness of the astonishing, delirious, chilling, fascinating and sublime world of this Giant ` s Literature.      