 I have to make a hazardous statement and I really hope you to think carefully about the fact that somehow, Mike Nichols and Artur Penn were two american film makers powerful influenced by European directors. If you agree with this , I would say that Mike Nichols has had a clear influence in his first stage of his brilliant career of Ingmar Bergman. Think for instance in three excellent future films of Nichols (Four easy pieces , Carnal knowledge and Black widow) This long introduction is necessary for understand the weird presence of a dark and even bitter film like Who's afraid... The film undoubtly has deep roots related with two important films of the swedish director like The silence and The hour of the wolf. This comment doesn't deserve a bit about the great level of this magnificent picture. First at all, watch for the resource economy . The film runs at night hours and with two locations .  Two very different couples, one of them extremely young almost teenagers , and in the other side a midle aged marriage. He's a patetic man , extremely weak character (Richard Burton) and she is the unsatisfied woman , and domains the relationship in every little detail. The meeting with this young couple will allow to Elizabeth Taylor exhibit her monumental skills for acting and give a tour de force performance , that became in her well deserved Second Academy Award. The script is extraordinary. The dialogues are pregnant of crude realism , the horror, the multiple facets of a woman who has kept in silence so many dissapointments , the countless consequences as result of a poor comunication , the anguish of her about knowing and being the axis of the relationship. And this is the ocassion for her to eject her most hidden thoughts ; she exploits like a earthquake , literally without a drop of prudence with all the violence that you can imagine and even more , the past phantoms emerge from the deepest dark shadows of her soul . The hopeless, the loneliness , the sense of going nowhere and however not be able to separate instead the inferno in which she lives. All this micro universe exploits before us and you feel its impact and the tragedy.  That film is a challenge for any director in any age, but Nichols is a master who besides had the presence of these two  giants actors as Taylor and Burton. The house and the garden are the silent background in which this disgraced marriage reveals its intimacies before the young marriage.  You'll be disturbed but plenty of admiration by this splendid work .  A timeless masterpiece .  (With this film Nichols became the first director to reach the one million dollars by this picture.) Excellent transfer to DVD.     