 For all those music lovers who are still teenagers or in his middle twenties, they will have a very enviable chance to assist to Mozart 250th and even 300th commemoration. I guess in Salzburg and Vienna everything must be prepared for the Great day, January 27 / 2006  that many lucky people will have the honor to assist and presence.  This occasion is propitious to try to celebrate it trying to acquire not a big amount of fundamental issues, but selected performances of the vast repertoire of Salzburg 's glory.   The Piano Concerto occupies in my personal taste, a very special place. If it is not exactly the most played and know, it possesses a weird charm and remarked personality that it becomes a particular universe by its own. It is loaded of sparkling lyricism, splendid modulations and solid structure.  Curiously there are not many pianist who have made of this concert a personal achievement. It sounds ironic, but it would seem it has been underrated through the years for the clarity and romanticism of its predecessor or the voluptuous No. 23.       Paul Badura Skoda possesses a well marked affinity for this concert as well as Daniel Barenboim. Edwin Fisher played an unforgettable performance in the last years of his life.  And even though Richter is far from being acknowledged as a renown Mozart interpreter, we should establish a careful clause of caution respect the experienced transformation by Richter every time he joined with Britten to play Mozart. His formidable technical seems to vanish to become a vivid and opened heart pianist invaded by this vitalizing energy and invisible rapport that you can not neither dissimulate nor mask in front the audience.   This musical chemistry was not casual. I have a great musical encounter between him and Britten in Aldeburgh 1964 playing Mozart four hands, and the admiration was mutual. You should not forget the valuable contribution between Britten and Curzon with a set of  Mozart 's Piano Concertos.  That evening Richter played Mozart such a Greek God.      