 Bruckner 's Ninth Symphony is an universe by itself. The wholeness and boundlessness appears with all its magnificence and cosmic intensity. Anton Bruckner looks at the universe and in this sense you can associate him with Bach. It is hard to intend to classify a musical genius without time like Bruckner, the genius always surmounts the labels. And  Wilhelm Frtwangler ` s level of commitment and incandescent passion is overwhelming. His music possesses power to produce relaxation, conviction, profound harmony and mercurial epic that would seem to emerge from the same nature. This superior level of expression overpasses the human concepts of emotion, sentimentality or romanticism to reach thousand and thousand echelons of greatness and cosmic breath and bliss. The great masters have that privileged virtue to detain the time and connect us immediately with the otherness. The form and its mutations follow mythic patterns and a lot of new sensations. Listening Bruckner is to experience a true cathartic experience.      This historic register dates from October 7th 1944 in Beethovensaal Berlin.  The three major composers more contiguous to Frtwangler soul were Bruckner, Beethoven and Wagner. And when you listen this Prelude and Liebstood, you will be experiencing for the first time the whole and profound meaning of this work, without hindrances of any kind. I do not know of any other performance that can remain even close to that one. It is a sum of livings, experiences and conjunction of the mythic significance of this impossible dream. Wilhelm impulses the score to cosmic heights and impress it of sublime grandness, passion and eroticism. Listen it carefully and tell me sincerely if you have ever heard a major and expressive and orgasmic climax in the music  Frtwangler conjugates the human desire and tragic fatalism in accurate proportions, producing an absorbing and indescribable and felt expansiveness. The recording was made 8 and 10 November 1942, Berlin.                                 