 Edward Dmytryk achieved a very respectable status after this unusual and remarkable picture, so distant respect the previous entries and in the meantime so innovative, original, plenty of a lot of brilliant details that conform I sum a glaring vision of the Underworld as you never had experienced it before.   The picture begins with a ravishing ceiling light with accusing voices of presumable murder against Philip Marlowe, who bandaged eyes due unknown reasons. Rom this angle the same beginning shows a clear distortion of the reality, that will constitute a sinister atmosphere along the story. So he decides retell from the beginning the problem in question.     He is hired by Moose Malloy to find his missing girl friend, Velma. Through his first inquirers he will meet an pasty who will beg for his company if he accompanies to a determined place. In that dark night, Marlowe will be knocked.   Since that fact, a chain of chained events will constitute an admirable exercise of precision logic, where the greed, double cross, ambition will nourish this harrowing plot.  The cynical presence of Marlowe anticipated by far the future features given by Bogart in films like The Big Sleep, for instance. But there is still more, the disorienting angles, the nightmarish landscapes and chaotic images preview by far films such Vertigo and Touch of Evil. The sureeal sense of perversion suggested when Marlowe is drugged accent dramatically, the tension and mold still more the environment of corruption and decay that surrounds and maintain the nasty behavior of the rest of the personages.  This Noir Film is a true breakthrough by itself; it explores new dimensions and even amplifies the horizons of this passionate and fundamental genre. This is not only a quintessential picture in the genre, but also influenced many films.  Dick Powell conferred to Marlowe an unpredictable personality and gave him a certain English touch with visible elegance - watch for his impeccable elegance along the film - and a bitter vocabulary and fastness in every answer or observation; sharpness and cynicism; charisma and temperament; are some of the new features of this well know detective who finally knows about a certain happiness inside his blindness.  A personal cult movie and a very special advise for you at the moment you decide as I did it so many years ago a careful and remarkable collection of the supreme films of the Noir genre.      