 This ensamble, whose name is taken from the famous work of Hermann Hesse, (one of my youths writers), was emblematic all along his presence from 1967 to 1975. In just only eight years Steppenwolf could (like a very few to be honest) establish a rapport with a generation wishful of anxiety but also of answers and ideas.  The famous french May, Vietnams war, Robert Kennedys murder, Cassius Clays affair, Woodstock Festival, Easy rider were - among other facts - important events that from one or another way , demanded bands with power but with imagination .  And Steppenwolf , just reached the peak with the album Monster (that in my opinion is the most perfect theme ever composed by them). So however, many people just think that Steppenwolf was only the authors of Born to be wild , Sookie sookie and Magic carpet ride. And thats only a stage in his grow up. Power play is the only theme which doesnt appear among their best, but the point is that the combination of the wildful voice of John Kay, and the perfect balance between the guitars , drums and organ, gave to Steppenwolf a special place in these innovative years which produced so many legends like Cream, Vanilla Fudge, Doors. Traffic, Blind faith, Deep purple, Black Sabbath, Uriah Heep, The who , Can, Amon Dull, Captain beyond,King Crimsom, Pink Floyd and a huge list of names who belong to the satus of legends. In these years, (its necessary srepeat it over and over) that there weren't video clips. The comentary is not superflous, because a band to be recognized, had to win the race just by your ears, and not thanks to a magnificent video.  The trouble with that is that you can buy a record just because the video is superb. So my question is: Are you spending your money by the music or by the video? This reflection comes to me very often when I try to explain to the young generations about the conceptual  difference of enjoying and even make a statement about a musical work, no matter the genre you listen in that moment. Steppenwolf printed a very important style in the music, and for those who had the huge privilege of being in one of their appearances, I envy them (in a bad sense but enthusiastic way).  For those people who are still teenagers, dont be afraid of risking your money. Youll be rewaarded. And if you can ask to your parents or some friend or teacher, may be you find a long speech that I can not make it in this brief review.     