 The genius of Kapell will always be shinning every time you listen him. Mitropoulus and the New York Philarmonic established with Kapell an inmediat rapport and gave one of the most fascinating readings of this inmensely difficult concert .   Kapell once more made a tour de force performance combining his sforzandos , arpegios and pianissimos with absolute musicality, lyricism and magnetism.   The Prokoviev Third Piano Concert has in my persnal opinion four colossal versions . Two of these four belong to Kapell:  Stokowski and the other Kapell - Dorati.  The difference between these two performances is the mature shown by Kapell in this one . Even the first movement has a faster tempo than the first of Dorati , keeps however that dark poetry and fierce intensity demanded for the composer .  The other two versions I recommend are one of Samson Francois and the other is with Horacio Gutirrez, a superb cuban pianist in a live recording given in Caracas in the Alma Mater of the UCV in 1980 . Fortunately I got a copy in cassette and I will make the digital transfer.  I am a hard fan of William Kapell . Believe me: he was gifted with the Midas King touch . All that he played it was pure gold. There is not any fault in any recording you get. And October is particularly a sad month to me due this cause. The deserved glory was just beginning for him. He had plans to make a tour in Europe in 1954 and he thought to play Mozart and Beethoven piano sonatas .  The musical world remained ORPHAN since he left us . If you know about Kapell, it is useless to you describe his dimension , but if you are a new listener or if you have never listened him, please do it because we are talking about another level of pianism absolutely missied in these days.  That is the original headline published that unhappy day October 30th of 1953:   Half Moon Bay October 29th 1953 United Press International.  The known concert pianist born in New York (31) died today when the airplane in which flght from Sidney to San Francisco crashed just three minutes for landing.   Kapell was considered as the best pianist of his generation and the greatest one among those who were born in the United States.  The throne of William Kapell is simply empty .  And the rest is silence!       