 The original treatment given by Richter to the "Pathetique" is worthy to remark. It is absolutely interesting. The opening bars sound marked Beethovenian but in Russian mood; dry and authoritative; that is a good signal because must never sound romantic, but rough. The harmonies must be dissonant. The Adagio is noble and sublime but the last movement is a pleasant surprise: Richter, before the coda makes a fabulous retard, that brief decrease of intensity prepares us for the following arpeggios with magnificent results. The 8 Bagatelles know best interpreters: I dislike this approach. The tempos are too fast and inexpressive. I rather choose Glenn Gould or Wilhelm Kempff, just to name two Greats.   Through the years I have realized that "Appassionata" Sonata is measure by measure the most complete and heroic piano work ever written in the keyboard' s history. This Op. 57 gives us a very close idea about the player 's  temperament and personality of the performer. Richter makes a superb reading about it, and in my personal ist of the great performances about this piece, I would name just five: The First choice is the legendary and unexplainable not released yet on CD of Paul Badura Skoda in 1978 in vinyl, recording that fortunately I converted digitally; this work maintains its own feature that seems to be improving through the years. The second choice goes for a superb version of Rudolf Serkin in a live recording (available in CD) Lugano 1957; my third choice would incline by a recital given in a Castle room by Daniel Barenboim in 1984; fierceness and wildness. My fourth pronouncement goes to this version and the Fifth is William Murdoch a not so well known Australian pianist in the late twenties (available in CD). The Fantasy is terrific. Richter was inflamed by a Dionysian rage and this work needs it. Far from being a contemplative work; this work deserves to be played with more frequency by the most of pianists. Emotive, expressive, energetic and mercurial. A glorious choice in case you decide to acquire it as I did it in 1995.                                      