 This is one the most remarkable films of the last stage of this outstanding director. Mother and daughter faced by the awful past memories. The mother, Ingrid Bergman is a classic pianist who has triumphed all around the world but the happiness, as eveybody knows, is never free. Her daughter (Liv Ullman) is almost an emotional orphan. She has been grown up so distant from her mother and the necessary support and love in special moments of the life simply existed never. The dialogues are merciless; Liv is uncapable to understand and obviously to forget or forgive; there have been so many affective wounds and her behavior's mother has always been the same: the getaway and the double moral. A letter, a postcard a call phone from time to time to check if everything is alright.  You are emotionally invalid! This shocking insult still resounds in my mind from the first time I watched this glorious and intimate portrait.   The last films of the sixties such as Persona, Hour of the wolf The shame, The passion of Anna meant a clear signal, an obvious turning point and if you want a major attention to the intimate and progressive emotive crisis that can be sustained by a long interview given for him in Cannes 1966: "Nowadays the art has lost its force and it seems actually just the first skin of a serpent, but not the serpent."  So under this statement, it seems reasonable the intimate concerns and artistic efforts would walk by the harrowing and disturbing atmosphere of the absence of a real gravity emotive center in the human being. If you add God's silence, the triumph of the Death (The seventh seal) and the lost faith, Bergman was crossing a vast and complex but not least, a fascinating exploration and even a formidable journey to the roots of the human soul.     That's why Ingmar Bergman made a decisive twist of fate in the seventies, and focused his energies in the disturbing emotional human relationship; from Cries and Whispers to Scenes of a marriage Bergman faced the challenge the Strindberg environment and became himself much more intimate and more human if you want, employing all his wisdom and experience, specially toward the female universe, and this was specially a big point to his favor due the female universe is not only more complex than the male one, but besides much more intense, interesting and dramatic in all the word's extension. Go for Fassbinder's filmography and you will check out by yourself this risky comment.   Febrile and painful portrait, supported by a magnificent and splendid photography and superior script.        