 This is one of Allen's  most heavy weight films. He focuses with the avidness of an entomologist in the intimate life of a famous and distinguished doctor who carries an apparent and normal life who makes a tearful speech about the God eyes but that finally the moral lessons learnt in his youth perhaps, were not enough. He presents a double life, a double moral; he is adultery and this adjective doesn't derive precisely of the word adult: he has lived a marriage through twenty years and suddenly meets a furtive, lonely and desperately lone woman Angelica Huston. He brings her back the joy for life but the things seem to be out of his control. She simply does not want to live in this way and additionally he has his hand something dirty with the administration of certain money . In the other hand we have a terrible selfish man who hires to Woody for a special documental where he will expose essentially all the concerns that have beaten Allen through his life. There will be sharp reflections about religion, art, philosophical issues. As always Woody is an irreverent and shy outlaw man who works as a journalist dealing with toxic products; as you can remember Chernobyl affair was still very fresh in the collective memory.   Allen will establish wonderful bits of films that will match exactly with the progressive drama; he twill try to win the love of Mia Farrow deeply fascinated by this hyper selfish : Schubert in Manhattan works out perfectly when Allen walks under a bridge with the camera moving around him and Huston; as you know we are talking about the Death and the Maiden.  These are basically the dramatic nucleus in this interweaved drama; this doctor will be object of blackmail by his mistress and decides to hire a mercenary to solve the disturbing situation. But do not worry, this puzzle is not unique in NYC. We have hundred and thousand similar cases where the public behavior must prevail above the minor issues, and the impunity is just a mere formalism that will be forgotten in the next party perhaps? Lampedusa's echoes still resound even in Manhattan: all must change for getting all keeps equal. My moral must be the same for my reputation and my secure place in this enormous stage, in this multidisciplinary complicity that it must work as a perfect clock mechanism: with the required pulse of a doctor with a laser eliminating a malign tumor: no pain, no complaints and then depending of your private religion there will be always a remote escape, the confession or the Complaint Wall .   As wisely answered Northrop Frye when was asked about his personal opinion about the faith: "The faith proves that the desperation is not the only solution".  One of my top choices Woody 's pictures                 