 Francis Ford Coppola overpassed his legendary and previous sequel of this trilogy . The clever process of meshing past and future intercutting both stories ; the immoral inmigrant , the ambitious greed , and the thirst of power and his son Michaerl who lives up according to his father's expectations turning trhe family crime organization in a simple routine . I personally rather this part far beyond the first one for several reasosns .  This second part isloaded of the ancient memories , the crossovber between the ancient behavior of the mob and the new perspectives of the modern world . How can you survive in this particular status in a world which has changed ?.The complex web of financial , political and social relations , the new market in the prosper island Cuba in the middle of the political explosion and the awesome transition from Batista to Castro are told with shocking eloquence ; the plot is much more sophisticated , Pacino grow up still more as actor . The outstanding presence of Brando who undoubtly was the heart and the soul of the first part was just a memory and obviously was not more a shadow in the rest of the cast . Somehow that fact allowed to the team to show his inner forces with major naturality .  In the other hand Coppola focuses the incisive and terrific breakthrough between Michael Corleone and his wife ; the inner sight to that defiant world in which the blood links (with his brother Sony ) weighs less than the agreements of the family . Th code is the code and nothing else matters . If you cross the line you must dissapear and Michael must order the murderer of his own brother with absolute coldness and geometric feeling of a chess player . The progressive processs of disolution that this commitment with the power means , carry to Michael to a shakesperian situation : a man without ambition is not a man .  The sequence in which we see to Pacino and Keaton in the bedroom after and murder attempt and that brutal dialogue when she decides to visit her daughter in the kitchen and he discovers her is deeply disturbing and extraordinary acted . Why did not Pacino win the Academy Award with this film is a great mistery to me , even thirty years after this unbelievable fact . De Niro grew up too and won more than deserved his prize . Coppola made a clever turning point to the european style of telling the story . He paid a glorious tribute to those all giant ancestors such as Luchino Visconti, Douglas Sirk and Joseph Losey among others, with this skillfully , artistic and superb film . A must for any viewer of any age .        