 This sequel is by far, much more complex, fascinating and terrific than the first one. The engrossing and inevitable between the man and the machine is cynically remarked through apparently simple narrative devices (for instance, the use of Atari -a machine to fake another machine - and get some money; the simulated War games in the Gallery moments before T 1000 makes his appearance; the pleasant moments in which our future hero young boy tries to advise his mentor machine, that not all human being must be exterminated, the hard explanation about what feelings mean, the funny twists of words in search perhaps of his missed future father). The future against the fate! The impressive opening sequence, in which we watch the mechanic foot flattening the brain's skull, (suggesting a clear statement about who is the master) of the bloody Battle between men and machines is visually stunning.  The undeniable and superb employment of EFX , makes of this last device another invisible actor. There are many breathtaking chases, and the double final battle keeps for you a clever message; the machine against the human race, exterminating any possible trace about developing the future technology that will produce the abominable cyber generation. The perspective of the viewer is cleverly twisted , but imagine you change of vision angle and  ignoring all the futuristic dramatis personae to come. They would be a terrorist sect trying to avoid the ineffable progress. On the other hand we have the final confrontation between both machine generations, but the game has ended and the final resolution is a true hair raising battle in the middle (once more the underground irony) of an industrial stage. The elevated temperature of these furnaces permit through the melting process the transformation of solid metal into liquid metal, and that 's another winner premise.  The only way to face and win is reversing the process and make the liquid metal - the support structure of the new generation returns to its origin. Fire extinguishing the fire and both machines will find themselves in that melting cemetery. One of them obviously will die violently while the other will decide as a juggernaut: the mission is done: welcome the future with its virtues and faults. A superb triumph and one of the most original films of he Decade.                       