 The killing is the real op. 1 of this master director . His fluid camerawork is influenced by Max Ophlus , a master of the mobile camera , to whom Kubrick acknowledges a debt.  But not only is the admirable rhythm of each sequence in The Killing but also the narrative pulse and building structure of the entire film is determined by the juxtaposition of the numerous sequences . The Killing might be well told with the sequences arranged chronologically to give the film continuity , but Kubrick decided to follow through a breakthrough in the real time of the story . Beware with Memento and 21 grams for the new viewers ; there is nothing new under the sun with this technique .Kubrick adds a major vitality and suspense to the struggling atmosphere with this clever resource. I mean you are free to express yourself if there is a powerful reason to make it , not only for a mere matter of exhibition by itself . If the Killing seems to come off second best to the Asphalt jungle , please let me remind a brief but bitter opinion of Orson Welles in 1967 when he was requested for that analogy . Welles stated: There is any doubt than Kubrick  is better director than Huston but also he affirmed that brilliant sentence :" When the imitation is superior to the original ; the original does not exist" It is clear than Kubrick pays more attention to the George -Sherry relationship that the one between Johny and Fay . Marie Windsor was one of the top female villains in the fifties low budget films , together with the unforgettable Thelma Ritter of course . Kubrick focuses his attention in this couple because he can better show the association between sexuality, perversion and evil . And you can notice how Sherry seduces her husband to commit the robbery, in a exquisite and hidden tribute to Macbeth's wife .The another important point to remark is the perpetual mobile that Kubrick held with this, a clear domain of the woman in the couple , issue which would be taken to its highest peak in Wide eyes ... forty years later . Sterling Hayden as Johny Clay is splendid in this one and probably his cynical portrait convinced to Kubrick to think about him in Dr. Strangelove as the out of control and sinister officer who decides the Russians are behind of the loss of his inner fluids . The final sequence is one of the bitterest ever done in the cinema story.     