 This Sonata (D.664) remains -behind the D.960- as the most elegant, sumptuous and architecturally built of his Sonatas. A true Gods' morsel. It has everything you request: It's a penetrating sample of lyrical vision, grace, lyricism and charm. As Murray Mac Lahan states: " It can be viewed as an expanded `Moment musical.'  The first movement is architectonically perfect, loaded with supreme calmness and sublime spirit: it's so melodic that it can be considered almost one of the most reminded by the great Schubertians. The undulating D major has some breathtaking and reflexive moments in the pianist literature. The last movement is filled with assertive energy; the spring and the joy of living is expressed admirably: this was the same year of "The trout" composition. In contrast with the previous sonata we have in D. 784 the dramatic turbulence, desolation tragedy and fear, written after a serious illness and completed in 1823. The First emulates a funeral march with accent of trombones in the fortissimos. It may arouse in you parallel visions like the wanderer dreams and his lost love in "Die Winterreise". In the Second Movement Richter employs wonderful tempo rubato, to accent the hopeless atmosphere, the solemn anguish , and led by a sinister charm, Schubert anticipates to my mind the death's call but contrarily to his romantic contemporaneous, this in not neither overindulgent nor tearful song. It owns a superior noblesse and dignity that overpass the vulgarity of the excesses. It is terse and monochromatic in character. In the Finale there is a sharp contrast: it's a robust theme with epic intonations suggesting courage and will no matter what the purposes of the destiny be. The restrained rage can be appreciated through the declamatory arpeggios: once more before the final coda there is an evident change of modulation with childhood reminiscences to conclude in a astonishing accuracy of triplet octave passages. The Impromtus remain above the average but to be honest his performances in Sofia overpass them in intensity and expressiveness.     