 Awful words told by the Stalker when he thinks in loud voice when he goes to the Zone .  This film is superb and unique ; vivid and powerful ; sinister and cerebral ; poetic and captivating ; stark and eerie.  Grinko and Solonitsin are the two sides of the coin ; science against humanism exchange its disagreement points of view when they decide to make the journey to the wasteland : the Zone .  The mysterious goes in crescendo till you will find its powerful meaning .  This movie runs slowly ; very slowly and it demands from you all the possible attention , the images run with dyonisiac and majestic flowness ; the visual metaphors are countless : the water as a freedom symbol runs before your eyes and are wonderful mesmerizing .  Stalker is a simple man ; a faith man who decides to carry all the people really interested to know the Zone . The riddle is a very complex puzzle ; but Tarkovsky gives you the clues , but beware with certain requisites you need .  Think for instance in The divine comedy and go to the hell journey ; that film has too many devices that run parallel to this concept . Remember the intense dialogue in the last circle of the hell when in his exhaustive seeking for Beatriz he is forced to see the face of a monster consuming men ; he will have to face the monster face to face and he will watch a sad face with tears in its eyes .  The Zone is a very special place ; there is a desire room which only will give you your most sincere desire ; and that premise is clearly hazardous ; because it is going to reveal your real nature and for many people who still scare to their inner demons is really better deny this challenging proposal .  The crudeness and the overwhelming message against the political opressing in those ages in the ancient USSR meant to Andrei Tarkovsky was exiled from his beloved country . You know ; the Politburo patient reached the limit and this collosal , giant , intelligent and artistic work crossed the forbidden red line. The art , intelligence and the talent have always been subversive in totalitarian regimes . And this was the last soviet opus of Tarkovsky, who was forced to live in Italy .  So think it about the powerful and brave message this film meant .  This is one of the giant films in any age ; because as any masterpiece its deep significance trascends its own time to inscribe in the highest artistic and cosmic levels.  A real triumph of the art .     