 Who can deny about the originality and underground gaze of this filmmaker? Burton is the true authentic storyteller whose imagination has overcome the standards. From Beetlejuice through Batman I, The sleepy hallow to this trip plenty of visual elegance and arresting and captivating images all along the movie.  Supported by a smart script , it faces the bitter relationship between father and son. The father to my mind represents the same Burton, where imagination and reality are blended, so the limits between what's the official story and what was dreamed is difficult to definite.    His son grows surrounded of legends and half truths and when his father to just one step from dying. He decides to rebuilt all his father's life trying to find and establish the truth from the legend. The fish and the wedding ring is a special life lesson that will be revealed at the end. But the kinetic camera and the ravishing journey behind the great love of his father, the impressive sequence with the huge yellow narcissus carpet will be the mute witness for the materialization of that expected love.  Burton through this extraordinary metaphor, and visibly inspire by the magic realism -Think in Alejo Carpentier and Gabriel Garca Mrquez-, invites us to think and reflect about the love for the little things, to see far beyond the meaning of the things by themselves and the importance of the imagination as the true essence of a better existence. Of course there is a heartfelt homage to Wizard of Oz, in the thirties, Rene Clair's Beauties of the night in the fifties,  Mary Popins in the seventies Fellini' s Amarcord and The clowns, of the seventies, Petersen's Never ending' s story, of the eighties  and Jean Pierre Jeunet's the city of lost children of the nineties.    The cast is impressive Finney steals the show as the dying father, Ewan Mc Gregor as himself in his youth and the fabulous Helena Bonham Carter shines in her secondary lines with her enigmatic beauty and supreme talent. Sumptuousness, and poetic rendition.           