 Latin America may be proud due his most beloved daughters in this order: Teresa Carreo, Rosita Renard, Guiomar Novaes and Martha Argerich . I mean, Venezuela, Chile, Brazil and Argentine.  I had the golden opportunity to chat during fifteen minutes through an unforgettable common friend (who is not among us, pitifully) who introduced me to Claudio Arrau after a Recital in Caracas in those distant seventies. Since I knew the available time was too short I asked to C.A. about the ten greatest pianists he had listened and watched in his life: After thinking briefly, he answered me with absolute security ten names in less than a minute in this rigorous order from one to tenth' s place: Teresa Careo, Ferrucio Busoni, Wilhelm Bachaus, Wilhelm Kempff, Artur Schnabel, Dinu Lipatti, Edwin Fisher, William Kapell Benedetti Michelangeli and Rudolf Serkin.  But the slender expression of his face when I asked about Rosita Renard and Novaes was simply unforgettable. His tearful face literally depicted me the art of both players: Renard was the intellectual but Novaes was more sensitive: her pianissimos: Oh My God!  So any other adjective I can add about the art of this gifted pianist would be redundant. Perhaps to remark she had in little finger much more technique than many pianists with their both hands together.     Many achievements in her brilliant are meritorious to consider: Her Songs without words are nonesuch: you won't believe the transparency and fluency of Gondola Venetian song and the Spinning song Op. 62 No. 6. After Kapell's performance her Nights in Spain gardens are non parallel, his Schumann is extremely effective and her Grieg Piano Concerto still remain among the giants versions.    Novaes died on March 7, 1979 in Sao Paulo. But this sensitive statement written by Harold Schoenberg, have no waste: "The sheer beauty of her playing ,managed to transcend any other considerations; it was its own reward. There may have been more monumental pianists, more intellectual pianists, but it is hard to think of a pianist whose playing gave as much sheer pleasure as that of Guiomar Novaes"         