 This film may be disturbing for many people accustomed to the usual patterns of the Western vision about the meaning of the hero . Hero according the Greek meaning has nothing to do with this special hero.  The difference is overclear. The hero in the West World works out under individual considerations . Even if you may argue the Heracles ' twelve works ,  the hero never acts under a collective sense .  And this is the clue . The Oriental hero will act under a collective criterion :To unify the people and the land . But beware about this point ; the real hero never acts under any ideology because he does not know the rules of the game ; he is a nature force and his actions are out a rational concept . Consider the case of Sigfried in The Ring for instance : He dies precisely when he enters to a conventionalist world with rules and agreements ; those terms are nothing for him. That's is less than understandable for a hero who suddenly resurrected in China . Any other argument is invalid to justify this strange behavior. Every one of the rivals who fight with our hero know they are uncapable to reach the goal because they lack the noblesse and purity of spirit ; as they act under the passion , they know they are not the adequate messengers and obviously they accept involuntarialy he is the only one capable to show the King the hidden desire , the collective voice of that enormous community . The visual splendor illuminates the screen  all along the film .  The highlights sequences of the movie are in the field when the yellow leaves are falling and swept by the wind in the female conflict and the other in the Palace under the green curtains falling . Yimou Zang is actually the most remarkable chinese film maker . Watch this amazing fable and convince by yourself the role of the hero has never been reach the throne ; hero's role goes beyond that goal . He is born to intend to change the world no matter how expensive be the prize . And the death is a fellow partner due it will be very hard for any one of us to find a hero writing his memories . His life is brief , his origins are always unknown and his fate  will never be the same of the common man . That is his bliss!          