 The facts derivated from the story put us before a man who wants to get away his destiny , but (in a mgnificent shakesperian mood), nobody can escape from his past. There is no doubt that this film has multiple virtues. Sean Penn grew up like actor al least two thousands steps. His role is so well made like the sinister lawyer without a drop of scruples, and this is the fate's arm that literally takes to Carlitos Brigante and throws to hell.  In my personal view, I think Sean Penn deserved an Academy award by this role. It is a sinister view about the redemption given by Montana since he leaves the jail. Pacino gives one of his more relevant roles all along his career.  He gives us that crude sensation of walking in the edge of the knife through all the film. Will it be necessary to say that in this film like in others, Pacino is much more than an actor, he is a force of the nature and elevates the standard performance of every one of his partners?. Watch for instance one of my favorite beauties of the cinema: Penelope Ann Miller.  There are several unforgettable sequences in the film. The first of these belongs to that claustrophobic situation in which we find Carlitos, when he decides to rescue the money of his beloved friend. In his honor code, Carlitos can not give a "no" like answer. And that is the road to his perdition. The other anthology scene is that made in the hospital when he visits to the lawyer by last time. The slow camera describes all the movements of the false police who revenges to his father and we can see how the bullets are released by Carlitos just before. The final shots camera in the chase when he has planned everything and runs with the clock dictating its final minutes. The angles of camera and the tension produced in the train station for me is above his tribute to Potemkin in "The untouchables". Carlitos way is a cult movie. But also you can consider like the shakespearian spirit made present in what I would design  together with Road to Perdition , the most original "film noir" movies in the last fifteen years.     