 Immersed in the purest tradition of the disaster films category that literally covered a wide spectrum in the American cinematography of the early seventies (From Airport, The Towering Inferno, Poseidon Adventure and Earthquake among the most representatives) the story maintains certain force due the intriguing of the script. A comet recently discovered will collapse unavoidably with the Earth unless the mankind made something for avoiding it. In this order of ideas, the picture runs for three different movements. The initial drama in which the President of the United States will inform to the citizens and the rest of the world about the imminent fact and the personal ethic conflict of the female journalist. The second Movement concerns with the mission itself, the presentation to the Press and the encountered feelings of the members of the mission with Robert Duvall as the most experienced of them: Excellent cynicism when Duvall answers them: " It's not a video game". Finally the long Third Movement presents in its own a "Theme with Variations" . the breakthrough of the expectations when the mission fails despite all the efforts. Personally I found this sequence something cold in its dramatic resolution: it lacked emotion , the second variation is the reiterate Presidential message announcing the failure and the explanation for this neo Darwinian selection process of the one million human beings considered to live during two years in a modern Noah's Arc in an underground city built in Missouri caverns, the dramatic sequences derived as a natural consequence of the imminent collision will interweave all the secondary lines with absolute veracity.  Additionally you will be invited to presence an admirable cast with Vanessa Redgrave and Maximilian Schell in little roles but so convincing and well portrayed , Tea Leoni is surprising in her role she is nowadays one of the ten most beautiful actress in the world and makes a worthy performance but in the case of Robert Duvall to my mind, was wasted in an insignificant role. Duvall is much more than a great actor; he is a living legend and his stature by itself did not deserve that treatment. Freeman and Cromwell as solvent as always give to this film a particular bright and it will be remembered for the future generations without any shadow of doubt.     