 "The glory is the sun of dead" affirmed corrosively Honorato de Balzac. When Bartok died of leukemia on September 26, 1945 , the man vanished but the legend was born. Five years after there was an extraordinary upsurge of interest about him and forty years after his  string quartets would acquire the same corpus than Beethoven Quartets.     First Quartet : Kodaly sees in this work -written in 1908- a kind of confession of the young composer, marked pessimist. The same Bartok would state years later about this work: "If I had to compose it I would do it totally distinct; it owns many superfluous things; Wagnerian reminiscences, among the." That's not a default if you consider Wagner was a kind of enormous beacon illuminating new expression possibilities. There is a concentrated plaintiveness, loaded with inner quality of being dramatic. You can distinguish listening carefully far echoes of the Concerto for Orchestra in the coda of the last movement. Second quartet: Initiated in 1915 and finished in 1917. Seven years have elapsed and we find Bartok plenty of maturity and dazzling masterdom. In many ways this is the easiest going to listen of his Quartets. It is the most lyrical of all.     Third Quartet: Considered as perfect model of structural equilibrium. There is a lightless atmosphere and tense that shadow painful glissandos. Composed in Budapest in 1927 and dedicated to the musical Fund Society of Philadelphia. Now Bartok composes a keystone work, filled with that nocturnal character so typical of late compositions.  Fourth Quartet: Composed in 1929. It' s violently dissonant. It owns a notable intensity, emotion and unity, written in a language where the shadows and flames seem interplay. It' s extremely grasping. It's one of my most beloved Quartets. It owns a symphonic character and even it can be conceived as immense work for a whole string ensemble. And this work as any other else it allows us to establish the slender difference between Shostakovich and him; while Dimitri reveals telluric fears, Bartok shows us a cosmic anguish, through his unique, bitter and sinister dissonances. The Fifth Quartet was composed in just a month in 1934. We find Bela in the peak of his musical powers. Expressiveness, robustness, and superb domain of the form. The nocturnal Adagio and the superb First Movement among other virtues, make of this the most played of the six.  The Sixth quartet, on the contrary, is a sad work. The death's wings and dark premonitions spies on him, this work is a preamble for his best works yet to come. In sum this is, to my mind the best way to approach to Bartok; certainly not is the easiest, but somehow it will allow you to admire, know and breath the astonishing world of this composer.       And through this version, don't seek anymore.        