 Arnold Toynbee argued once about the enormous backwardness between the undeniable technological advances and our spiritual values which according him, still remained at the same level of the Stone Age.   This brave film deals with a pertinent, usual and brutal injures - at different and several levels - infringed on women who have to deal with a so hard activity as the mining is. In this sense the movie is powerfully ambitious, because not only it limits to tell this dense drama but besides gets inside into the painful, destroyed affective and emotional universe of a very enterpriser woman, rejected by her father, and with two sons of her shoulders.   The formidable script handles with absolute solvency both universes: the exterior, abusive and depressing, and the interior much more exigent. the gradual growing up process of her son and the bitter attitude of her father who has never been able to assimilate her early pregnancy, since her early youth.  It' s not an easy going film; narrated through prodigious narrative ellipsis, explores systematic and zealously the double moral and legal ambiguities that seriously compromise the whole village, because this is the main employment ` s source.  If Jodie Foster won seventeen years ago her First Academy Award with Accused, in a role much more linear and without so much dense psychological profiles, Charlize should win her second Prize. She attains to make us forget her sidereal beauty and engages us through her fabulous performance. But the honors go so far: Frances Mac Dormand shines like a one thousand carats diamond with her towering and awful role, Woody Harrelson as the Defense Attorney is terrific too. The role of the female Attorney is too flat; I would like to see in this role to Jessica Lange for instance, who would have personified the evilness with a major frequency range.  The rest of the cast works out without any macula.  The enrapturing aerial traveling are simply mesmerizing. The revealing sequence in the staircase is unforgettable.  Watch this singular movie inscribed undoubtedly in the renovated author `s cinema.       