 This film is a triumph of the imagination . To think and translate with such incisiveness the ancient myth in the tawdry and effervescent spirit of Brazil was a poetic knack .  The ill fate destiny of two lovers imprisoned by the memory has been in a certain way a  perpetuum mobile in so many tales .    There are two fundamental aspects to remark ; the first one is linked to the otherness ; Jean Cocteau used the mirror as an excellent and smart device to descend to hell in search of her lover ; but the carnival is a real metamorphosis which occurs just in four days every year where the human being is free of certain conventionalisms and is literally far of inhibit , that is why it is so appropriate the location and the place in the world where perhaps the carnival still keeps the strong mythical accent . The vanishing in search of the lost happiness .  In the other hand we have the memory and its fatal consequences . The memory is stretched with the maternal matrix , this comfortable temperature makes you feel so good but beware with this placebo . When you are so associated with the memory you are frozen , so you can not act , just think in those happy days ; this is the real essence of Faust in search of his lost youth, Oedipus is a victim of a celestial nasty trick and his tragedy will be the final consequence of an impossible effort to fight against his fixed destiny  or Sara the wife of Lot in the middle of Sodom . Orpheus acts are ruled by the memory he turns back and wants to change the designs , and that will be his unforgivable sin the real motive to be punished and destroyed.  And beware if you think the story is not related with us : Perhaps the photograph albums and the films are not just technological devices to preserve the actual moment from the unavoidable time pass and its irresistible corruption in our bodies ? Luigi Pirandello stated once the time was just only an army of barefoot demons who spied behind our doors making us every day weaker ? Acquire this sublime and classic film .  The absolute masterpiece of Marcel Camus .     