 Sviatoslav Richter - the Glory of Zhitomir, Ukrania - was possibly the most ambitious pianist ever born in the last Century. And I do not mean the amplitude of his repertoire but the superb expressiveness and notable empathy every time he decided to perform. The affinity with Rachmaninov is so close that you may well think in a similar affinity between Beethoven and Schnabel. The sound he produced was the perfect blend of Romanticism, enrooted with the Russian spirit: a very original approach in which chasteness, contemplation, rapture, lyricism, temperament and introspection molded an inimitable sound hardly achieved by any other pianist. Having born in Russia no one like him could express the sense of the Russian nostalgia like he did; the particular and essential immigrant sadness plus those obligated memories in a new land is easy to understand but hard to feel unless you have not experienced something similar. In this sense I would name to Cziffra for instance playing Liszt and Rudolf Schwarz conducting Mahler, that existential anguish and unbearable tension is not written in the score but sometimes permeates the performing: you have to play the work with Dionysian lenses and not only with Apollonian glasses. Go for this album. Indeed this document record finds to Richter in the peak of his maturity. The first nine tracks are from 1983, (with Richter in his 65) and constitute the autumnal and more introspective vision. The rest of the tracks are if you want more effusive and declamatory with Richter (in his 56).  I have to acknowledge that with the only two glorious exceptions of Simon Barere and William Kapell I had not ever listened such ravishing pieces of the Op. 29.(Listen carefully his phrasing in the Second Prelude in B flat major Op. 29 , tension with expression; in the Fourth we have natural sensibility from the inside to the outside; that's s commitment. And finally the most enraptured and mesmerizing of this Op. the Fifth in G minor played  with robustness and verve with the martial spirit of Chopin 's Polonaise.    A personal triumph for Richter ( March 20 1915-August  1 1997) and for us a true legacy for the rest of us.      