 This idea is extremely interesting . To break your personal memories and to build  an evil game : to built a puzzle with isolated fragments here and there .  The metaphor leads to brilliant reflections. The night task is among other things time to think and evoke . Somehow the night approximates to a natural blindness .   But the aliens creatures -The Strangers- can not resist the sunlight . Like  legitimate descendents of Nosferatu their Empire is possible when you are sleeping . And that clever device : to stop the time just at midnight only five minutes to install new memories reminds us the ancient procedures in ancient and even civilizations .   Perhaps the commemorative tradition of celebrate the New Year doesn ' t  mean  to intend suspend the inscrutable time pace and reinitiate  a new year to mock even for brief instants of the merciless and unavoidable Cronos ? .  Somehow the new promises , illusions and hopes made every Dec 31  are not an unconscious attitude to become in other person ?  Don't you find fascinating the fact the acting be the only profession in which you are capable to live many lives in just one ?  In the other hand who are they , what do they represent? Think it over . Perhaps they mean what the mankind will become in a the future . Our enormous and huge information resources symbolize neither more nor less a memory storage .  Think in the last dialogue when the dying last survivor inquires to our troubled hero and he responds him : you searched in the wrong place . The nature of the human being isn't in the brain ; it' s not so simple. Because the memory by itself it's not enough . It's an excellent placebo but do not ask it for more .  The stunning special effects are first rate as well as William Hurt acting , though the story deserved , to my mind , a major and best treatment . With special emphasis in what the time and memory affects us through a dialogue which would have overcome the anecdote .     The sinister surrounding environment reminds us to Blade Runner , Batman I ,  but also invites us to read again the Cave Tale in Plato `s Republic : the uncertain line which divides the sanity from the insanity ; the illusion and the reality ; that's what, among other issues , the film deals about.   The time is the body and place of the history ; the memory is the human shape of the time .                 