 This film will be a timeless winner , due its own nature . It represents above all a glorious triumph  and mirror homage from Hollywood to Hollywood . The enjoyable script allows to Donen to insert the most original musical numbers . The film looks so fresh as it was fifty two years later . It is the most uplifting of films ; but it is a splendid ode to joy , to the living joy .  How can you watch Cyd Charise without avoid falling in love with her? Her splendid figure and her sideral legs have nothing to envy to Marlene Dietrich in the Blue Angel  . Donen made an exquisite blending in camera movement , edtion, lighting , special effects , soun and color . Watch for example in the countless and future homages this film has had . the first and most known was used for Kubrick in the famous rape sequence of The clockwork orange and the other was in Under siege -1992 - in whcih we watch Eriak Eleniak emerging from a cake , in the same way of Kathy (Debbie Reynolds) in the party of Don and Lina . The film just begins with the appearance of the sound in the cinema with The jazz singer (1927) and that will be the pretext to tell a film which overflows with wit , energy , arresting inspiration , gaiety , majesty and class . Watch the highlights sequences ; the classic Singin in the rain number in which Gene Kelly sings and dances with "a smile on my face" ; the number with Cyd Chraise in which we see the atletic feet and high kicking dancing with that delicious elegance and unique refinement ; the Moses number with O'Connor and Kelly jumping and dancing between the chairs ; or Kathy , Cosmo and Don dancing Good mornin', and finally the overwheelming dance Brasway melody ballet . Jean Hagen is a standout in the role of a silent film star with a pecch problem. And this you know so well that this problem was a serious issue for many stars in the mude era who simply could not win the challenge to the sound era . To many film makers , some well known friends and many critics have always considered this film  among the ten great top films in any time . Do not ever doubt just for a minute and acquire this one twenty four carats film .       