 Respect the egregious significance of Vladimir Horowitz for the great Western audiences, I really should notice that Europe had lived a Century and a half of reluctant Romanticism, while North America was in another historical process; the recent musical history began to write with two important composers: Edward Mac Dowell, a beloved and admired friend of Frau Carreno and Louis Moreau Gotschalk, who accustomed to make those Gargantuan recitals such as that famous Concert with more than one hundred pianists on stage. Indeed, this was an imported costume of those Ages, where the concept of listening music had lessened the value; the visible decay of the music in the second half of the XIX Century is more than obvious. The ominous presence of composers of the artistic height of Richard Wagner, Johannes Brahms, Gustav Mahler and Anton Bruckner were concentrated in Germany and Austria; Frank in Belgium and Max Reger in Swiss, but if you take a look around the musical triviality lived in the rest of Europe (with counted and isolated exceptions)where the fireworks of Liszt, Thalberg, and Alkan filled the Concert Halls in Paris, with the elusive music of Lalo or Jules Massenet and the arriving of the new Midas King of the great Halls, Strauss dynasty, included Waldteufel captivated the audiences.   The emotion for watching a piano virtuosi simply had not prize. You should remind the famous tour undertaken by Anton Rubinstein in the last years of the XIX Century. Horowitz contributed conscious or unconsciously to perpetuate the legend. Effectively, he marked  a`personal style at the piano; if not let me refresh you these names: William Kapell, John Browning, Gary Graffman. Lori Hollander, Byron Janis, Van Cliburn and Leon Fleisher, were notably influenced with this style. And please tell me who in a sensate state of mind, would be able to send to Europe his promising son or daughter where the flaming wrecks of the WW1 were in the air and the expected fears of a next confrontation was still to come.   Schnabel was a particular exception, since he was hired as Docent in USA, but its influence was relatively small. We should wait to the early Fifties to appreciate other styles and approaches; Gilels, Richter from USRR, Badura Skoda, Demus and Gulda from Austria, but still remained confined for dilettantes the renowned figures such as Edwin Fisher, Michelangeli, Myra Hess and Wilhelm Kempff.  His playing caused true furor during almost four decades. Horowitz now belongs to the legend.       