 The clear clue of this film , based in Joseph Conrad novel Heart of the darkness attempts to guarantee the essential fundamental spirit of the mythical journey meaning . The expedition through the river in which Captain Willard will begin to feel the real state of the anguish expressed masterly when a group of the army is making surf under Robert Duvall command is depicted with such tragic cynicism level that you watch this unforgettable sequence over and over and you can find the precise and fundamental physical wounds in which the breakthrough with the reality has never shown with such dementia anguish . They simply broke the lines with the real world and literally decided to navigate in the great madness universe and nothing else seems concern . The helicopter attack over the population is simply merciless and the level of inhumanity simply has gone a long time ago due they crossed the barrier between the common sense and the laws of war : to exterminate the enemy , no matter how ; and this orders have become in their live stylish , the time and the moral considerations have been relegated to a  second priority , it's just a game an imitation of a cat and mouse game . Duvall has never been best  in any previous or next role like this one .  Willard nevertheless must to follow the orders ; try to find Wurtz in the middle of the jungle or the hell . You have to realize the river and the sea according the mythical language  mean the life . And the life has in itself much more imagination than all of all us . This clever device was previously use for Herzog in Aguirre the wart of God and next in Fitzcarraldo (see my reviews about both films)  In this sense all the events we will watch through the river are not more than the shadows and the fortuity that the life present us . In this sense the journey is very close related to the Dante's hell in the Divine Comedy , where you know the suffering also cries . The loneliness , the anguish, desperation and hopeless dictate their rules and once you have crossed the line if you are not a centered man in what the essential values concern , you have switched another bottom and decided to build another world . The final dialogue with Kurtz in middle of a excellent shadow light game lights is made with the supreme perfection . You have to live with the horror and befriend with it are tone the lines in Wurtz speech , the borderline has been surpassed and what other considerations still remain  in its real dimension .  Wurtz supported for the horror existential made his own rules and in the middle of the jungle only the strong survives , so the law concerns more with the surviving concepts than any other law . This confession leaves no other choice , he knows that a possible trail out of this hell has no sense and Kurtz must die in his new world. The conclusion is evident : the job has been done but what about the insanity concerns you have left in the middle of the soul and the mind of these men whose mental illness are still worst than all the murdered made by Kurtz      Marlon Brando made one of his top performances in his career. Hopper as the photographer is superb too , but I have certain discrepancies with his character . I 'd rather a stronger character to face and answer to Brando the other side of the dilemma and I think in three options which would have worked out as perfect counter balance : Clift Robertson , Jon Voight or Maximilian Schell . Coppola is perfect with this anthological and emblematic movie . He made the most powerful film about the poetic meaning of what Vietnam became  . And I underline the adjective poetic , and not prose , due the fact the poetry and the myth are twins . And the prose is even vulgar to describe the real dimensions about the multiple complexities of this special war . Please try to acquire the uncut version and you will make the entire round to this sublime masterpiece. Otherwise the film will look like with too many holes to build the puzzle . A sublime masterpiece!      