 If you think that all the theorems about the final aspects of the violence had been expossed before, watch this movie.  In the best tradition of the greatest films  that explored this same object, let`s name the obligated references Shock corridor (Fuller),The chase (Artur Penn) , Straw dogs (Sam Peckinpah), Even dwarfs started small (Werner Herzog )The clockwise orange (Kubrick) , Cuckoo`s nest(Foreman) , The brutalization of Franz Blum (Reinhard Hauff) , Do the right thing (Spike Lee), Trainspotting  (Danny Boyle), and The believer (Henry Bean),the insight landscape  made by this work is really absorbing . The camera work is exceptional. The performances and thge script are superb. With special mention to both of the meaning roles. The concept of authority, and the fact of owning altough fifteen days , and how this circunstance slowly permeates the shadow places of the soul, showing how the human being can become in a true animal, just for that little amonut of power who seems to design a God`s messenger, or any religion. In many aspects the film is a true collage of many relevant facts that the use of the violence and the resistence to it, can affect the psiquis , the behavior and the ethics of any human being in similar conditions, the horror (do you remember the last Brando`s speech in Apocalyse now?), the supreme efforts to surviving above all the troubles, the great support of the memory in circunstances beyond the edge conditions.  After watching the film you must remember Hobbes , and Orwell`s nightmares (Animal`s farm), because the message in this sense goes beyond the anechdotical story. Don`t think it just a simple horror film .  Gaston Bothoul, in his fundamental work "The war phenomen" (from the early seventies), tells us among other interesting items the long interval of peace in the world has been only two hundred years, so when you listen again about someone who dares call Aquiles like the cities`destructor, you should set this observation under a several analysis. I don`t think you stay indifferent after watching it. It`s a devastating movie. And not for all tastes. But if you really face the hidden facets of the human being, his transformation under special circunstances, don`t miss it. And either think about the film like a peace`s aphology. And above all what it shows the film at its end it`s the powerful message that nobody`s innocent, in the wider sense of the word.     