 Tragic drama around a noblewoman who sacrifices her marriage when she loves a handsome but cowardly young officer. Lavishly produced and superbly photographed.    When many people expected Visconti continued his variants about the Neo Realist tendency (La terra trema, Bellisima) the director withdrew deliberately to face a work epoch, placed in the War between Italy and Austrian, with the Venetian territory in dispute(1866). The three points of support for Senso will be then, the Great Italian Opera, the historic novel(in the same line of Parma ` s Nun `s Stendhal) and a visible intention of social critic, clearly Marxist. The intrigue is centered around three well definite characters: The Italian and idealist patriot Usoni (Massimo Giroti), the cynic Austrian officer Franz Mahler (Farley Grainger) and the Italian Countess Livia (Alida Valli), who finally betrays her cause, falling in love with Franz and becomes humiliated.  The multiple problems Visconti had to face embraced twenty years. Initially he wanted to Ingrid Bergman and Marlon Brando as central couple. In the middle of the filming the photograph died in an accident and was substituted by Robert Krasker, because he needed an expert in Technicolor. The planed title was Custozza, that alludes to a lost battle by Italians (Jun 24 1866) but this idea was immediately rejected by the Producer Empress, the Italian Government and the censure. The final was changed , when Mahler is declared deserter instead of shot, as well the cut of a sequence in which a drunk soldier cries: "Long live to Austria."  After having been presented in Venice Festival the film suffered other additional cuts. Finally the film was exhibited in 1968 in new York with a running time of 125 min.  Alida Valli as you know has been the greatest actress Italian has produced ever, and in spite of the close similitude with its Russian homologue, Anna Karenina, the picture is provided with a dignity at the same level that his director.  Do not miss this jewel of the Italian Cinema.       