 In Greece, the birth of the religion sinks in the prehistory and precedes by far, in many centuries to philosophy's appearance. So it looks so weird to us in the actual times to understand wholly the concepts of epiphany, cosmogony or primordial conscious. When Plato talks about Lethes designing it the forgetfulness' river, he appeals to a visual metaphor, because somehow the innate capacity to incorporate the cosmogonist concepts simply are missed. The religion is conceived as the first pattern of the philosophy and not as a syncretism' product and the final crossroads of so many thinking mainstreams.  This fact is extremely important because far from enriching the religious principles, weakens them and denotes with all the inhospitable nakedness, the linguistic roots of religion: re-link and that presupposes the ineludible evidence that something missed along the journey. I mean the mythic breath is the most powerful bound of the men to the cosmos. And God is not an isolated and far concept, beyond the human understanding, but it possesses human form according Blake's idea.  You can realize how Zeus's meaning is progressively increasing in power and supreme deity at the same speed that the Greeks get close to the Golden Age, the reason's moment and those epic achievements are confined to vibrant storytellers that evoke as Homer the ancient feats, unforgettable triumphs and monumental achievements as final designs of the inner will, conceived as the outer projection of the intimate Greek Gods desires, but never considered as inscrutable or imposed orders. The man emulates the Gods and consequently improves himself . In fact you can realize that in the beginning the men and Gods had a same origin. And beware you are just original if you go to the origin ; that' s  an interesting concept and not merely a pretty game of words. The last meaning of energy, enthusiasm, the invisible force that makes to guard the weapon to Achilles, the fame according to Hesiod, the essential significance of the enthusiasm or the rapture state of the artist; in which the ecstasy is omnipresent:  writing a poem, composing a musical score or painting on the top of the Sistine Chapel. That explains the fact the river, the mountain, the wind or the tree are not unanimated things: they are living beings, animated by a mysterious spirit. The animism is universal in the Greeks' vital vision. According Hesiod the Gods have the same temperament, virtues and defects than the mortals, they only differentiate from the human beings in the fact they are Immortals. In this sense I conceive the existence of the man in the Earth, still he knew his presence is brief and temporal in the world, he must overpass himself, leaving a trace and betting to improve himself day after day . It' s the Greek meaning of the term "Moira" , a destiny prefixed by the own will of every one of us and not imposed by an Ex Machine divinity.  The Greek Gods - in their most- vaguely intervened  in the world but did not rule it.  That' s why the religion imposes through the years , the sense of the tragedy vanishes: the religious paradigm and the rationalism simply have flattened it. The cathartic experience has dead. Long live to the cathartic experience.!       