  Carandiru is now an inexistent symbol and the prize for its demolition was extremely high. It required 111 human beings, a cipher if you want minuscule compared with a front of War, but not less important if you think about a prison with seven thousand and a half recluses, living under infrahuman conditions. Hector Babenco, the same responsible for Pixote, decide to bet for a  documental approach, this long introduction allow the viewer to know the minimum insights of that prison, told by every prisoner without restrictions in the two thirds parts of the picture. The human sensitivity, the singleness of the prisoners, his deviations, different levels of blame, had in common that crude word so easy to say and so hard to repeat: lack of affection in their childhood.  The favelas (humble homes of Rio) are undeniably, the huge seed that will produce hundred and even thousand of unknown stories so far from us, but so easy to imagine. In those no man land, these children will suffer the worst calamities and unexpected humiliations and abuses of any nature.  This cyclic state of things can be perceived in a great portion of South America. The growing population, the common denominator social: families without the father presence, the eternal condition of promiscuity from the early ages establishes by itself a style of life that is seen as normal in that social status. The childhood losses its charm and the imagination is replaced by the surviving game no matter how the prize be. Live or die in the unspoken consign, and the death, drugs, sexual deformations, and the loss of the real love feeling plus any kind of subterfuge that allows you to live until the next day is valid. No rules, no pain, no hopes. Live for the present and nothing else matters. In this sense underdevelopment can be defined as the unablity to transformation. This valiant and impressive picture requires from you all the required attention. The facts will lead to the violence; I mean, the violence is not by itself the initial spark, the spectacle circus  to tell the story but the life itself, that as many of us know has a more vivid and fertile imagination than the best fiction writer or social journalist can presage. A merciless and extremely mature film based in real incidents. Not recommended for squeamish tastes.         