 In the middle of the fascist Italy every people has to live or apparent it. Many of them are devoted admirers of  Benito: fervent followers of his charisma and incandescent speeches. In this state of things you don't realize about those little details such be kind with your wife or to be worried by your son : they are minor issues when the Big Brother invites you to another spelling encounter, the mighty crowd will become the combustible for the solemn ego, the silence and the fear simply disappear when he talks: the collective flattening the individual will. That's the way.  But fortunately not everybody likes this totalitarian proposal: a solitaire and unsatisfied woman decides not  to assist to the great occasion. She is simply an outsider, far from the statistics.  In the other hand a refined man, neglected by his sexual condition renounces also to be part of the absurd mass spectacle. The stage is propitious for the unavoidable encounter: two human beings linked by few common aspects but really important: every one of them values each other. She is a housewife a simple woman who suffers in silence the weight of the indifference, who cares about less than nothing the outdoors politics  while her life is a real hell of ingratitude and respect; she is simply an object.   These are the basic premises employed admirably by Ettore Scola  to make a colossal film plenty of little details: the fine dialogue, the  discrete eye camera  searching for the intimacy, the inner conflict of both, furtive and unhappy. But they will build though brief instants, the life's magic: to feel loved without worrying by tomorrow.  This poetic film is loaded with expressive pulse and superb distinction, maintaining its status and its multiple virtues that seemed to revalue it through the years. Superb tour de force acting for one of the most famous couples in the screen: Sophia Loren as the unhappy woman and Marcello as the outsider. a sensitive and repudiated human being but filled of details to give and share.  Watch this golden film. This is the supreme masterpiece of Ettore Scola!                   