 Michael Wadleigh was the director of that hidden cult movie -Wolfen - in the early eighties , but in this documental film , he got an artistic triumph because he literally broke the walls with a challenge work , which meant to take and preserve in the screen the original emotion , the astonishing histamina and the essential spirit and frenetic state of a generation tired of waiting . For the first time you were capable of watching a seventy two hour show with colossal figures and authentic rock legends . The absence of technological support worked out better as an advantage than a weakness , because the real spirit was transfered without distortions , you will watch special lights effects but the music emerged such as a force of nature . Hendrix was simply a God guitar . Fortunately the new generations have been capable to enjoy this recording through that admirable CD : Hendrix live in Woodstock. Santana performance with Chepito Areas in the percusion playing Soul Sacrifice was one of the peak highlights . How can you forget the legendary Joe Cocker performance singing With a little help from my friends? But what about the Who and his outstanding piece: See me , Feel me , touch me from Tommy . Alvin Lee the faster guitar in the world in those ages playing I'm goin' home , or that ravishing performance of Crosby Stills Nash and Young playing Judy blue eyes . Richie Havens with his dark voice playing Freedom and Sly and the Stone Family , The Butterfield Blues band , Canned Heat , Jefferson Airplane and Mountain made of that mythical encounter an unique mass phenomen due precisely that spontaneity , that rebel rage , those wildful rhythms and those illusions belonged not only to my emotional memory but a countless young people at that time loaded with a special commitment that hardly you will be able to forget . Can you imagine that Woodstock Festival with Led Zepellin ,  Cream, Steppenwolf, Al Kooper, Deep Purple and Traffic ? It would have meant the supreme dream .      