 The superb quartet composed by Robert De Niro , Sean Connery, Kevin Costner and Andy Garca gave this film a wide sense of the scope . Kevin Costner as Elliot Ness needed the moral support and finally discovers it in a old but experienced cop who functions as a spiritual advisor . He knows the rules but also how to ignore them according the circumstamces . His methods are not elegant at all but are efficient and that is the way you have to play against the mob . A civilizated form to follow the old statement : Eye for eye ... The plot is really kinetic . And since the first brutal murder of the child product of coward murderer for a bomb (recreating clearly the painful and merciless conflicts around all the terrorism forces in the eighties as you well know). In the other hand we see to Elliot Ness making a team to play hard against Alfonso Capone. He needs desperately to play a game not necesarily with all the cards upon the table . So he will requesdt the service of a mercenaire gunfighter who works with cold blood (Andy Garca) a real surgeon book keeper with powerful imagination and finally Connery who will work out as an essential and insoiring character through the film . The brutal murderer of Connery will prepare us to the second part when all the pieces are being ordered . The long arm of the law will catch Capone . The famous scene in the Station is a colossal and well deserved to Potemkim the great film of Eisenstein . The camera in slow motion will give the viewer a truly lesson to all the future film makers . The camera positions and the shooting are simply breathtaking . Meanwhile we watch to Capone making his rules , the brutal codes must be preserved and it will be used all the efforts for keeping the union in his organization above any other possible behavior . The brutal scene with the bat still keeps in our memory as one of the wildest sequences in the screen.  Finally the revenge will emerge from Ness in the top of the building when Billy Drago told him : It screamed as an Iris pig! the last words of Drago . Costner made the best acting of his career in this role . Nitty as Billy Drago steals the show in the last action sequence. His nasty character is played with realism and credibility . Superb edition and glorious artistic direction .  A timeless cult movie of the eighties .     