 During many times the spirit of "the wonderful real" (a coined term by Alejo Carpentier) nestled in the mind of Latin American artists. If I hat to remind the first reference in this sense I would name Cortazar  Rayuela , a famous novel in which the narrative is fractured and according author 's wishes, expanded or reduced, and imagining a entangled labyrinth of new derived situations acquires importance for then vanishing or eventually to become in the real importance thread of the story. Miguel Otero Silva a famous Venezuelan writer wrote "When I want to weep, I don' t"  where we find in the same beginning of the play three families who coincide in a cemetery. Each one of them cries the death of his victim  "curiously" named Victorino, born and dead the same day. One of them is high class, the other media class and the last one of humble extraction.  The high peak in the Literature was reached by Gabriel Garca Mrquez, (Literature Nobel Prize 1984) with his famous "Cien aos de soledad" , the most acclaimed Latin American novel of the sixties.  In this state of things you could say there was a true eruptive state in many filmmakers but that by different reasons never crystallized until the conjunction of such talents to produce the materialization of a long expected wish. Regarded with objective serenity, Mexico has been land of brilliant writers and poets Octavio, Paz, Carlos Fuentes and the great Alfonso Reyes, that' s why there is nothing surprising to know this film was filmed in that location.  Three different social levels immersed in their own business will meet in a brutal crash, and from this horrid encounter the film will turn through wonderful flash backs to tell every little story with their triumphs and defeats, with their vices and virtues. The dogs are the common denominator in each one of these portraits.  A diminished marriage where the sum of disaffections overpass the ancient love promises, the minor tragedies of the low depths, reminding us unavoidable to Luis Buuel ' Los Olvidados" every one of them have a serious ethical deficit of minor or major intensity. And the ancient concept of the Greek tragedy spies on with new dresses to revitalize a concept so many times lived and so many times forgotten, due the well know concept: the vanity of the post modernism.  But the fate' s hand will appear to change the life and times of those human beings. Special attention deserves the most complex dramatic nude; two brothers who hate one each other, metaphorically expressed as the evilness of the contraries. One of them will hire a mercenary to murder his brother, and this human being has an important card to play. He does not  t follow necessarily the dictated instructions and will become an unexpected focus of tension, due his unpredictability.   Irony, tragedy, magic realism, poetic violence, wonderful narrative ellipsis, exceptional camera work, amusing script, solid dialogues, mythic punishment and a great doses of this artistic current (Lo real maravilloso) conform a extraordinary mosaic inside this fundamental masterpiece of the Latin American Cinema and one of the best Mexican movies ever made.                      