 From all standpoits, this picture means a complex and deep sociological approach about the human behavior.  A prison represents the background ; the vehicle for developing a fine story filled with many narrative devices and secondary readings. Lets start with the character of Percy. Obviously Percy represents the nazi spirit ; a characteristic smell in that age.But notice than much more than a political movement the nazism works out here as a living style.  Watch the way he acts ; her cut hair and his manners ; he seems to be a hard beat man and behind of this invisible wall ; you feel a man with serious emotional and affective lacks. The proofs are very clear ; he is a man without a bit of humanity a beast would be a term appropiate if not that issue may offend the animal species.The punishment for him its excellent ; he will live in his memory over and over the horror: the Shakespeares memory . The sin hurts much more in the memory than in the flesh. We have in the prison characters who trascend his personal values through the green mile . The silent agreement : "All what it happens in the green mile , it keeps in the green mile" will be a statement that wont be too long after the redemption caused for Coffey. The mouse gag is a very ingenious clue. A prisioner will experiment a twist of fate with this pet. The main character John Coffey is framed to die in the electric chair ; acussed by a murder . Slowly the curtains will reveal the awful truth and you as viewer will be reflected in the moral jury who observes the execution. Notice by moments the film reminds us to a great picture of the same age (1935) , casually titled "Fury" of Fritz Lang . In many ways it doesnt sound speculation to state the rendezvous for that shocking film. The extrordinary picture Top Hat in which we watch to Fred Astaire dancing with Ginger Rogers is a touch of genius device that let introduce us and links the last will of Coffey ; Heaven ; Im in heaven. And you can not avoid thinking in Cinema Pardiso ending. The script was a hit. Frank Dubont made a very well done work with the camera , art direction , photography, cast and enlightment. When the film concludes you remain in your chair thinking the multiple lines around the story . The sense of revenge , vested as justice ; the ugliness who lives in the soul of that people will watch the last minutes of Coffey beats in your face, your solu and your heart.  The smart ending is filled with sweetness ; its very clever and it works out as relief for the viewer , who may forget the real intention of the film . You may assume the most comfortable position and consider the film as a beautiful redemption story : good choice for you , but the bitter message goes far beyond ; the racism ; the intolerance and the pain for the narrator who should live thinking about his silent shame , and to make nothing for avoid it. To know and not to do is still not knowing said once the japanese writer Mishima. This film and the wisperers horse were the finest achievements in 1998 ; good signals that reveal the awakening of new proposals and ideas for the american cinema. A winner movie!     