 The Beatles will be always a succesful ensemble because kept the best and the worst about several generations requesting for an answer , and they represented like no other band the pattern for reaching the peak expanding the irrevernce and shaping the beat generation , where voices as Alain Gringsberg were heard and carried to the popular level .   They employed the top of the available technique in that age . And it is not any pure casuality the fact they have been born just in England the nest of the irreverence in the world in the sixties decade . The moral decadence and the several scandles of different issues in a certain way shaped the ancestral codes of indiscipline and caustic dissobey to the Status Q .    The Beatles in every album they made knew to establish a social rapport with every class of the social pyramid . From It has been A hard day ' s night , passing through Help , Taxman , I want to hold your hand , If i fell in love with you , The magical mysterious tour , Penny Lane , Yesterday , We can it working it out , Hey Jude, Roll over Beethoven (remake), Eleanor Rigby , lovely Rita , Can't buy me a love among the most remarkables and above all they understood the sudden change the world experienced since 1966 for example and they turned his style , creating pages as Here comes the sun , I am the walrus , The fool on the hill , Hello goodbye , Lucy in the sky with diamonds , Revolution (May 1968?), Martha my dear , Happiness is a warm gun , Let it be or Dear prudence. With this wide spectre of tonal melodies and ravishing protest themes they engaged every frame of generation . His last works were a clear demonstration of growing up with charming songs as Something or The long long winding road engaged even old generation .   Mc Cartney was the lyrical mood , Harrison incarnated the eastern inspiration, Lennon represented the rebelness and Ringo Star was the bad guy, the irreverent style . I mean , here you have a real portrait , an emblem about the real status social and different visions of new world.   This album is an excellent sample of his most famous themes , and if not resummes the whole spirit about this band meant for that generation sixties , it represents an unvaluable legacy of an age tired of waiting.      