 Altogether with the supreme rendition of Mahler`s second , I`ve always thought that this version of Schumann`s second is probably the most pefect achievement of Bernstein throgh all his life , perfect , deep , radiant, exhilarating and yet overwheelming, with such kind of fire passion and flamboyant poetry which makes a reference`s standard at the time you dare to compare other interpretations in the market. Bernstein seemed  a special rapport with tragical works. Remember by example the superb  Nielsen`s third , or Ives`question without answer . I don`t pretend minimize his approach to others definitive statements like Haydn`s 97 or Copland`s rodeo to name a couple , but when the Maestro went to Europe at the seventies, and decided establish an engagement with the Vienna Philarmnnic and some works with the BBC symphony , the conductor became in a wise man. His readings of the Beethoven`s symphonies , the Mahler`s cycle or Elgar`s Pomp and circunstance and Enigma Variations were deeper than any period of his career. There was an spiritual`s atmosphere inside of every musical work. Consider for example his version of Ravel`s piano concert with the Vienna in 1971. Probably no other pianist with the exception of Samson Francois could run with such honesty and  interpretative conviction. And the Schumann`s second is played with such commitment and expresiveness that surprises me every time I listen it. And this conception of wise insight seems to anticipate in this reading the Bernstein of the secventies. And with a very few exceptions this level of interpretations are the rule`s exception. Don`t forget that Bernstein was a an exception witeness. To have the chance of admire the craft of Mitropoulus, De Sabata, Munch, Stokowski, Cantelli , Rodzinski, Koussevitski and Toscanini in these two huge decades of forties and fifties was a sparkling key in the curse of his brilliant career , apart his inteligence and exceptional talent . When Bernstein left the New York Philarmonic and decided to live in Europe, a cycle was made. Bernstein grew still more , but the New York Philarmonic never sounded the same. Therefore if you really want to know the essential facets of Schumann, don`t think it twice. Not only by Schumann but the sound of the New York Philarmonic , an orchestra that in my personal view, was the best Orchestra of United States, behind the Boston Symphomy and one step ahead from the Philadelpha Orchestra.     