 The Fourth Symphony is by far the most mahlerian symphony of this notable composer. Ormandy in this sense walked through the musical forest with splendid approach giving the essential insights demanded for this crucial and challenging work to play.  Listening the powerful strings of the Philadelphia in their golden years, you can consider this reading as unbeatable in any front you wish .   To Shostakovich the relationship of the composer in the Western World to his national community is haphazard and unpredictable. To those who feel their freedom , in the Western sense , the status of Shostakovich is that of a kept nightingale. Does a relationship cease to be free when it becomes legalized ?  The relationship of the artist to the Soviet state might be compared to that a child to an authoritarian parent within strict limits. The Shostakovich tenth is a macabre Symphony because the fate and the oppression in such state of things in which the Stalinist cage worked out as horror way of living . That is why it is not sufficiently melodius ; some others glorified in being compared to the etchings of Goya , the symphonies of Tchaikovsky and the canvasses of Delacroix . The Russian soul lived ten centuries under the Zarist Domain . It says easy but please and stop and think just a moment . Ten centuries perhaps are not enough to build a special mood and even behavior patterns? And , without pause came the Red Governement , and now in the name of the people you killed all those who are not with the Supreme voice : the enormous eye capable to go through the world and murder in Mexico to Leon Trostky ; so beware of terror means in these conditions , specially in the case of Shostakovich to whom his best friends were executed as a synchronized mechanism of intimidation . To reconciliate the intolerance for the tragic in Soviet art , its guiding lights have invented a new form - optimistic tragedy - wherein the individual does indeed suffer a tragic end but it is seen somehow to be for the good of all . Beware the difference with the purest expression of the Western World ; in which the individuality prevails above any ideology or natural principle . That is why it is difficult for you to find the term hero in the Western World sense - I insist - in the Russian history. The essential facets given in this case for Ormandy are fundamental . He caught this existential anguish and knew paint it in tonal pulsations  and melodic accents. The only recording which matchs with this one is the famous Mitropoulus - New York Philarmonic from the fifties.  Try to listen the tenth after you have walked for the previous symphonies , if not it will be very difficult for you to engage adequately with the real intentions of this work.  Excellent choice and best buy!  The quality sound is A-1       