 "In just one thing the hate is more intelligent than love, because when the love is unable to distinguish the defects of the loved person, the hate is able to distinguish the virtues of the hated person". This clever statement of Luigi Pirandello fits perfectly in this movie.  The mysterious but charming and refined Charlie Oakley arrives in Santa Rosa, accompanied by an ominous cloud of black smoke giving the impression that "the devil was coming to town."  But in despite of the fact he is a killer with a dark past and some murders of wealthy widows and eluding two investigators, his crazed eye fixed on a vision of the lost time tells his beloved niece these clue words. "Everybody was sweet and pretty, the whole world-not like today."    Like many of Hitchcock's films , this one focuses on the character of a psychopath. Guilt and redemption face one each other when he feels the lovable affect of his lovely niece; as you know the innocence can beat you stronger than the best of the punishments. He makes them know than the first thing he'll do is to open an account current with forty thousand $ which it sounds almost a slap in the dignity of this humble middle class family, moreover keep in mind we are in the middle of the WW2 and that penury accents still more the ethic abyss.  His niece works out for him as the other side of his troubled and evil human side and that must hurt. She tells him: We're sort of  like twins";  and she tells her: "The same blood runs in our veins."  Right and wrong; Ying and Yang ; systole and diastole ; light and shadows.  But she gradually suspects and begins to doubt about his unmeasured goodness and spontaneous blitheness. She will convince by herself something is rotten and not precisely in Denmark.  Finally, the crude and ugly reality will give her the last and unforgettable proof about he wont' t build for her a stairway to heaven and she will understand the bitter Oscar Wilde `s statement : many times we tend to kill the beings whom love."   Hitchcock affirmed more than once this was his best achievement artistic.      