 The nineties Decade aroused the greatest interest all over the world. The American Cinema fortunately, decided to bet for risky and innovative themes: Consider this brief list of the most remarkable and original films since 1990: Schindler's list, Reservoir dogs, Pulp fiction, Brave heart, Silence of the lambs,  Seven, American beauty, Goodfellas, Twelve monkeys, The Green Mile,  Matrix, Devil's advocate, The man who was not there, Madison bridges, Leaving Las Vegas, Crossing Miller, As good as it gets, Thelma and Louise, The Truman Show, In search of Richard III, State of grace, Short cuts and this one are undeniable a convincing evidence that a new generation is fighting hard to establish new codes. Magnolia was somehow, a work that clearly anticipated related films (The butterfly effect, Memento) and became a mainstream within the ambit of a new approach narrative as well a true rearrangement of the classical structure, kinetic frenzy, ellipsis and aggressive camera angles, but mainly a real concern for expressing, exploring that confirm that old statement of Orson Welles: "The cinema is a ribbon of dreams" . For some reason or other, you feel there is an evident close to the literary genre. The film is extremely ambitious: to face the challenge to tell twelve stories, linking them and focus about the little triumphs and failures, of the merits and miseries of the common people. The hidden side of the soul of apparently top personalities of the big show (Tom Cruise's character), the bitter critic of the TV show and the breakthrough of a genius child, as well as the not planned evolution of irrelevant facts will constitute in a real tour de force for the viewer. I mean this is film you must watch free of problems, and far to consider it a simple entertainment. It is mature movie without special effects. And far beyond the fact of being nominated for the Academy Awards, the picture will show you the importance of the crossed incidents that may cause the interruption of a successful life, or the turning point of an peaceful existence.  Dazzling edition work and brilliant performances of Julianne Moore, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Tom Cruise.                