 This album is incredible , amazing . It doesn't happen very often one recording reachs so cosmic heights . You may consider a simple account about this statement. Think in I love Paris (Michel Legrand)(see my review) . In this case Davis is present in the recording session , and we are just talking about the supreme jewel of the instrumental music in any time . I mean , if I love Paris (made in 1954) reached this status (years before A kind of blue) , you must agree with me that Miles Davis owned the magic playing , moreover, the poetic level (and when I talk about poetry , I mean the greek sense of the term , which is creation ). Specifically , Davis was a very illustrated man , with a strong introspective approach . The notes are there , but the scope is the difference , the velvet touch , the exact expressiveness and the precise instant in what the note must sound vibrato or languish . Davis played music as he would be making a film, writing a book  or painting , his trumpet was a brush , a pen or a script according the case . Notice for instance the Davis sound . I mean Davis was original because he goes to the origin , and transforms the notes , making them "sing" . There are other examples in jazz such as Stan Getz in the saxophone , Wes Montgomery in the guitar or Bill Evans in the piano . In Davis there was a deep sense of the expression and the wholeness meaning about jazz represents : this sense of freedom , and also a wide spectre of changing sensations , loneliness , happiness , sadness , anguish , desperation or seduction . This gradual sense of the tonal color about every note he played , you may find in the classical music giants , like Casals in the cello playing the Bach suites , Sandor Vegh conducting Mozart or Furtwangler conducting Beethoven or Bruckner , or Lipatti playing Chopin waltz . The sense of the expression and the real presence of commitment to achieve one specific sound and no other one. A Kind of Blue will be a reference standard not only for many years but also centuries .  I have not any kind of doubt about that.     