 Titus Andronicus was always a powerful challenge for any director. Even, literally , this work has been often missunderstood. The young Shakespeare, still in his twenties , was just developing in this play, the future. But what it's worth to state is the glorius stage the employement of a outstanding color effects to introduces us into the film. The opening sequence in what we watch a child playing with toys a simple game like the war and the violence in a domestic and secure kitchen , inside a home placed surely in a protected neighborhood, and suddenly this child , like everybody of us are sent to the Roman Coliseum in just a second, since now it belongs to the story of the cinema. The dazzling marche of the roman soldiers is spelling. And Titus emerging from the shadows with his twenty four died son, plus Hopkins giving that amazing speech make that film (with the wonderful exception of Touch of Evil (Orson Welles))be the overwheelming introduction fifteen minutes in many years in any other film of any genre. I know this statement may be surprise to many people, but I think Anthony Hopkins has never been so comfortable in any  past role. He is surrounded by his natural environment, like the shakeperian universe. And maybe Hopkins has never been so extraordinary well in any of his performing and powerful roles.I mean, we are talking about one of the three best world actors. From the opening to the end Hopkins and Jessica Lange go ahead all the rest of the cast. And this is the primal strength and perhaps his its only sign of weakness. Who can deny the no restiction violence in this play? And what's the trouble with it?  That's precisely what the greek wanted when you went to a teatral play. Its what it has benn called the cathartic state. And believe or not, Julie Taymor could make it. That's his the most relevant aspect to remark. All along the film you are in the presence of the most incredible feelings of revenge, cruelty, greed, ambition, betrayal, hunger of power and murder. If you are able to say yes to the Shakespeare mood , come in to the movie. But if you still want to see just violence as simple entertaining , forget that film.  This work has another great virtue: Taymor made an adaptation which links brilliantly, past and present, because the clue is just to make us see that that story is not a horror tale in the perverse mind of a famous genius. We clearly can identify many characters and traslating without too much effort to the actual age. This film is a ravishing gaze to the sordid but real facts that the human being, under certain circunstances may reach. Don't miss this picture. Forget all the negative reviews you may listen or read. Experience by yourself this tragedy. Not only youll be able to identify in Lavina a famous femenine character in his future works, but also another. And consider it from now a classical movie.     