 This CD dedicated to Stokowski 's memory is invaluable seen under any perspective. His affinity for Zoltan Kodaly will surprise to many of you. Leopold conjugates that nave fierceness and frenetic passion demanded by Kodaly, who may be considered as a Symphonic miniaturist but with memorable results. Harry Janos's suite even does not match with Antal Dorati, possesses conviction and flamed energy. Te Deum is a work that should deserve to be played with major frequency in the actual Concert programs; it owns this secular and characteristic atmosphere so typical of Hungary immersed in the great tradition of his musical ancestors.   And finally we arrive to the jewel of the crown: Nights in the gardens of Spain with William Kapell as soloist. I have never listened any other performance loaded with such histamine, fervent rapture, mercurial inspiration and domain of the Spanish mood. Kapell plays the piano as he was flourished a guitar specially in the Second Movement, gifted with admirable lyricism and flamboyant fingering. From the first bars, the Iberian atmosphere comes to our minds and literally carries us in the wings of his superb pianism to another interpretation levels.   Kapell, more than play music, plighted with it; as a giant artist he was, always searched beneath the score and always found the core and soul of the work. So every time we listen him, we just are enjoying this indefatigable and silent process; a distilled work that seems to enhance under his talent.  Today we remind his departure that fatidic date: October 29th 1953 when Kapell left us. We tend to think linearly about his departure; and we forget that when a genius leaves us the whole world shrinks, turning back more reduced artistic and spiritually. They just lose nothing, simply vanish; we are who remain unimproved and desolated.  For all of you we knew about him, admired his grandness and feel his departure with genuine conviction, this is a sad day. And Amazon 's  kindness will allow us to preserve his memory for the new generations to come.  Maybe these words of Aaron Copland serve to illuminate even more the terrible loss his absence has meant for the artistic universe: "The singleness of his passion for the art we both loved was almost frightening, even to a composer like myself."  Half Moon Bay California, October 29th 1953.                                     