 In the whole cinema's story, there have bee just a very few directors who have made his last Opus that can be considered one of his sublime artworks. The unavoidable slope of the decay seems to be almost a syndrome in the most of cases. Think in the final works of Hitchcock, Lang, Frankenheimer, Truffaut, Kurosawa, Renoir, Elia Kazan, Andrei Tarkovsky, Billy Wilder, Fassbinder or Sam Peckinpah that illustrate this painful creative decrease. However, there are to my mind just four honorable exceptions: Douglas Sirk, Max Ophlus, Luis Buuel and Ingmar Bergman. When a genius of the artistic height and profound approach decided to make Fanny , he certainly wanted to present what we could call a kind of Great Anthology of his life. There is a true need to resume a whole and enriching life with the wisdom of the experience. This picture constitutes the most lineal, intimate and sincere personal portrait. The familiar atmosphere is drawn through the religious fears, the imposing severity of his father and the lovely complicity of these two brothers who will feel the childhood existential anguish, but also the joy of living through the art in its different manifestations. The camera is a Peeping Tom, an implacable eye that scrutinizes, explores and focuses every little corner of this home and works out as an invisible actor who reveals us thanks to those majestic dollies and traveling the minima insights and little secrets of the adults.  This personal vision of clear autobiographic accent, nevertheless never permeated the admirable, overwhelming and extraordinary poetic mood. Bergman builT an equilibrate film that bets for the slowness spilled by those funny childhood and adults gags that confers the necessary breath to maintain the interest and introspective gaze along the film. A work that shines with own brightness since it was released in the early eighties and seems to reevaluate itself through the years; even it is good to remark Bergman made a TV artwork in the nineties of limited availability: "In presence of a clown."      Unforgettable and fundamental issue in your personal collection.  Highly recommended.          