 First at all, this book is not an additional well intentioned book in search of the promised land. It is rather, a kind conversation between a friendly group, where Tom Peters one of the most respectable authorities in the Management, makes an incisive analysis around a set of enrooted paradigms and fixed mental maps. Peters illuminates and allows himself to remark certain half truths we usually assume as holy word. The Managers are manacled by politicians who hinder them to display the take of decision process. On the other hand there is an exacerbated and almost blind faith in what strict and Apollonian planning, that somehow restricts the adequate flexibility in order to react to a competitive environment. There is a hidden fear for bet in favor of the innovation and experimentation. In this sense, this text was one the pioneers in what reengineering and systemic thinking would propose ten years after.   The author makes an impressive tour de force, meandering by the intersection points of several disciplines, which we tend to underrate. This reduced vision does not permit an effective response deriving in lack of competitiveness. Those were very hard years for many industries in expansion; the Japanese avalanche began to show.   This excess of trust permeated the muscular and nervous system of the American Industry and Europe learned the lesson and reacted faster, through a set of legal restrictions and imposing measures to try to reduce the silent invasion.  Of very special interest is the chapter related with the rational model. This mental rigidity plus the multiple bureaucratic gap generated since the very recent rise of prizes in 1973, froze in some way the innovative potentialities in many areas. The politic reaction worked out as a true waterfall in subsequent levels and bridled many brilliants projects.  This book is an admirable synthesis of very important age in the recent past but it maintains a prodigious modernity in despite the fact the elapsed time.  I recommend sincerely its acquiring. Fundamental reading to explore many issues in the complexity and interweaved bounds of  beating actuality.               