 Only the genius of John Ford and the merciless pen of Steinbeck could build such powerful movie . In these hard times when the WW2 covered the whole environment and the people went to movies to get fun , Ford showed this dark nightmare about the desillusion of a crowd of hopeless people literally exiled when they are ejected from their original lands and persuaded to live in California where best times are yet to come .  This realist portrait ,  sober and  moderate adaptation of the novel of John Steinbeck presents a sinister chronology of misery so painful and bitter as any other one in the American cinema . The landscape is behind of all these afflictions of the Joad and Ford carries the dusty highways and the unlimited horizons of such intensity that the loaded truck appears as a Noah Ark which takes to one or two of each generation far from a desert beated by the wind . The darkness brings uncertainity and fear . But with this premise Ford will turn the destiny and will provide of optimist hope for the new and promised land . Without any doubt , this film is one of the merciless and powerful films which deals with such theme .  Far from North America , the echoes of the new ideologies shocked the world ; the utopic projects inflamed the imagination of famous writers and Steinbeck was one of them , infected for those old fashioned moods . In the Eastern World Shostakovich and Boris Pasternak ; in Europe Bertold Brecht and Kurt Weill , and in America John Dos Passos and Sinclair Lewis who had shocked the literary world with his unforgettable work : Babbit . Those were hard days , and the shadows of the war foretold dark large threatening clouds. The Manhattan Project was in full development and Walt Disney handseled Fantasy.   John Ford made a curious twist in his filmography ; specially when he had thrown The stagecoach , a mythical film about the emblematic mythology of the American cinema as the Western meant. Nevertheless this picture was awarded with all the possible honors and somehow was the initial jump for a young actor as Henry Fonda who would become in one the antihero archetype along two decades in films such The Ox bow incident , 12 angry men , The wrong man . Fundamental issue in the early forties . Magistral transfer on DVD .     