 There is a mistaken conception around the full significance of the romanticism. Many people consider it simply as sickly anima state. That is not true at all. The romanticism goes far beyond.   In the particular case of Rachmaninov many performers with previous prejudices tend to play him with an excessive doses of self indulgence. To play him with fruition demands to understand totally the profile and very special character of the Russian people. The religious aspect, the incommensurable landscapes, the perpetual clouds, the water in its three states are a constant in the soul of this nation. A major approach can be done reading Gogol and Dostoievsky, reviewing the history we will get some clues that indicates with major clarity a lot of accepted issues for us that not necessarily mean the same in his lexicon.   Sviatoslav Richter knew extract the artistic vein of both concerts, remarking the nostalgia, the nuance and Russian character with absolute domain of the musical form. The fevered phrasing harmonizes with an exultant playing where passion and a special humor coexist without losing character and temperament.  This is an amazing CD that brings us a portrait of Richter in his early forties (1955 and 1959) respectively. The profound admiration and transcendence aroused by Richter join to the craft of the distinguished conductor. Kurt Sanderling (who recorded, by the way, a magnificent version of  Rachmaninov ' s Second Symphony.)  To my mind this version of the Second Concerto remains to date the best achievement made in any age about it. William Kapell in his two commercial recordings is very close in spirit, nerve, intensity and passion but Richter was enraptured this night of February 18 1959.  The First Concert is above the average but there are better options. Thanks to the infinite kindness of friend of mine, could obtain a non commercial register of Kapell under the conduction of Thomas Schippers and New York Philharmonic that I value it as a real musical treasure.   The Four Etudes tableaux are fabulous with special emphasis in the three last ones from the Op. 39, No. 3, 4 and 9, recorded 3 March 1966.     