 Max Ophlus' s masterpiece is a true straight forward step in the cinematographic language, daring and betting against all the odds, in this extraordinary, genial and unrepeatable film that belongs to the Pantheon of the greatest movies ever filmed in the Cinema Story.   When Wagner established the concept of Total Art, he proposed to integrate all the artistic disciplines. Ophlus in minor measure did the same with this admirable portrait, though the ravishing illumination, the amazing edition work, overwhelming locations subordinated to pay tribute to that strong female character, who broke the laws and bet hard with the conventionalism of those times. She lived intensely, and lived several lives in just one.   And she, despite of having been the most scandalous woman  in the world, makes her last appearance in a dangerous act, which is by itself an ironic device; if you think it over the Circus' charm resides precisely it is a like a matrix, that brings up back to our childhood. Lola Montes represents the  love and liberty without hindrance, epitomizing free willed, free spirited and brave woman who stands in defiance of social rules; a  passionate and hot lover, but also a very smart and sensitive human being.  Like all of Ophlus' women, Lola exists in a world of impermanence, or transition. You must be thinking in George Sand, her audacious behavior and constant scandals. "For me the life is movement", and that is why Ophlus's camera is in constant motion, simply following accurately her way of life and uncertainties in her existence.   Max Ophlus is not only considered as the cinema master of the mobile camera, but also the screen's ornamentalist placing his women. And his previous films such La Ronde, Le plaisir, and the Earings of Madame de.. are a must for any true cinema lover.  Just to name some notable directors influenced by the spell of this unequal master we could remark Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Douglas Sirk and Eric Rohmer. Three genius of three different countries who understood the huge importance and transcendence of this colossus artist.  Max Ophlus died in 1957, two years after the European release of Lola. And I have not any drop of fear stating I have seen this film at least a dozen times.  A true giant masterpiece!     