 In the middle of the Swedish summer, four persons: Harriet Anderson -who suffers of severe schzophrenia at very advanced level-, his brother, husband and father the gradual but progressive increase of the inner tensions will ascend to reach the final eruption. Harriet is constntly attacked by awful visions (and we have once more the superb artistic power of Ingmar Bergman) in which she swears she is capable to see God and being the witeness of the fatal warnings. This ancient coinflct around the faith, the silence of God and the complex and sometimes almost imposible communication process between the human beings is explored with merciless realism. So in this state of things the lineal vision seems to suggest us she is in the last frontier of the insanity; in this XX Century it looks less tha ridiculous to be possesed and being capable to experiment revelations from the outer world. But Bergman discretely -through a glass darkly- woul seem to reflect in silent voice: and what about the others? Joan of Arc for instance. The final solution will be shown at the end of the movie but meanwhile, we have a scalpelian gaze of the human nature: his abominable, obsessed and selfish father, who lived a similar hell with the same illness of his wife years before. He writes that being irreversible the progressive disintegration of his daughter he will watching her behavior till the last breath of life comes to her. He will be faced by his son on law overseas and required and even censured by his incapacity to establish a sane relationship. His muse as frustrated writer seems to be the principal obstacle according him. But the hard agreement in the last dialogue with his own son about God's existence, trying to establish the love as God or a prrof about the existence, or the final consequence, is admirably expressed with the visible desperation. In the other hand the awful nightmares that invade the mind of Harriet are shown with eloquent brightness several times along the picture. This is a complex, superb, disturbing but rewarding movie.  One of my favorite films of Ingmar Bergman that won a deserved AcademyAward as Best Foreign Film.               