 The whole meaning of garcia Berlanga is so important and decisive in the Spanish Filmography that hardly I have been surprised by the almost inexistent and practcally unknown release of his most remarkable works. In those awful deaced of Franqusim where the censored authorities opressed and sent to jails and death so many artists, headed of course by the unique and unforgatteble Garcia Lorca, there were many voices who defied the regime. Garcia Berlanga, with his unique and incisive style decided to make some formidable works spilted with black and bitter humor, carving in relief the putrefaction, madness and stupidity of the militar government through surrealistic portraits. If I could resume in these brief lines the principal works he made, I would underline four works: Welcome Mr. mrschall a beloved satyre in the middle of nowhere when the authorities decide to announce the arrival of mr. marschall in those fifties to rebuild the wrecks of so many spanish cities and villages. The people decide to make a warm welcome and convert his town in a town of the far West; from the sheriff to the lovely women who will make of improvised can can dancers to the most abominable and the most inimaginable needs of the whole population: From Marylin Monroe through bycicles and electric devices and stop to count. De Tamao natural is a sinister portrait of a man who decides to fall in love with a puppet because according this weird charcater is the only way he has found to be obeyed by a woman. El verdugo may be well considered as the glorious masterpiece. The daughter of the verdugo (The executioner) falls in love with the diggerman (The perfect couple) but our verdugo is a very old man, and decides to jubilee. He decides to design his beloed son in law as his succesor and so he will teach every little detail the multiple insights of his job. The irony will load the screen and your laughs may be due the most chilling expression of irony so few times expressed in the cinema story. And finally one of the funniest and sublime portraits ever made in the Civil Spanish War: The liitle cow: In the middle of one confrontation, one of the enemies forces is informed the other band has a cow and with the hunger they have they establish a sinister plan: to steal the cow and avoid the enemy can eat it.  This book presnets a very important compilation of his complete filmography and the sharp intelligence of this notable creator will astonish you from the first pages. If you are interested in this important stage of the Franquist Spain, you will obtain a real surprise about what the human being is able to make still in the most oprseeive conditions. Berlanga died but his legacy will remain as a vital proof of the dissobey, the raw material of the children, heros and artists.       