 April 4 1954. The Carnegie Hall is specially proud and honored for the presence of the great Aruro Toscanini. The NBC Orchestra will perform a whole program dedicated in Wagner 's memory.   The whole stage is disposed for such monumental occasion. The Italian master has arrived to the 87th anniversary. Three generations of listeners have known about him. The Hall was full crowded.   This day is to many people, perhaps the first experience to watch the mythic conductor; but no one knows the special transcendence and unforgettable evening that will be hard to forget.   The memory; that enviable faculty that distinguishes us of the rest of the species the fabulous mechanism that allows us to recreate the most vivid and past experiences in real time, this astonishing gift of Gods, this impeccable electric neuronal flow is at the verge of the collapse, in the fecund mind and outstanding of Toscanini.   This abominable memory 's fail will appear without previous announcement, a true unexpected guest in that musical session. At that fatidic moment, everybody has suspended the breathing, a gelid air has invaded even the most apathetic o the listeners. Toscanini has suspended suddenly the magic flight of his genial baton. Something terrible has happened; the members of the orchestra simply do not know what to do A silence of ice and a vague sensation of anguish empowers of all the people in the Hall.  For all of us, who did not live certainly the historic moment and were too far and even were not born, the sorrowful experience still awe us. Toscanini is living the worst moment of his brilliant career.  This musical document contains this unpleasant fact. For the young and new generations to come, it must be an absolute must to acquire this treasured episode. Many of us who appreciate the craft of Toscanini, who vibrated and lived his intense and mercurial temperament along so many registers, simply can not do without of this recording.  The Italian Master would never conduct again, and we agreed with him. This would be his last public appearance.                                