 If you are one of those people who still doubts the movie is far from being an artistic ecpression; come to Cocteu's world and please convince by yourself about the veracity of this affirmation.  Cocteau adapted the classic Orpheus's myth to the present times, but keeping the essential basis of the myth and its veil's mystery. The poetry literally loads the picture all along the way.  Blood of a poet constitutes undoubtedly, the first reference step you must ascend to higher peaks. The surrealist airs are present with all the frenzy of the First Opus; rapture images and seductive illusion, irreverence and disobey; a real captive journey through the Fourth Wall where the dreams and love live.  In Orpheus,we will assist to the dramatic premise: Orpheus is obsessed with his wife's death. Heuterbise and Cegeste will his fellows friends and his lamentations and complaints are at last satisfied when he will get the opportunity to get through the frontier between the life and death. She will visit to his beloved wife in clear reference to Dante and Beatrice but he will sign a pact with the underworld's Jury: he will return with his beloved wife with jus one condition: he won't be able to watch her under any pretext or reason.   To look behind: this is the most important reflection that feeds not only this fabulous myth but even an apparent far distant work as Faust: to look behind means to be frozen in the time's shadows; and Faust through the decision of becoming to the dead youth will establish his own agreement with Satan. But you have more: When Lot's wife in the Christian mythology looks behind becomes in salt's statue. The memories constitue a real matrix: it's seductive, the enviroment temperature is so warm and seductive that you can be engaged through your entire life. Narcisus comes to our mind when the human being, once has reached the experience's stage, pretendes, mistakenly, to get back to the ancestral origin: the naive innocence. If you decide to get back, you are committed to pay a prize, that's why Orpheus will be murdered in the Hades.  Finally in Orpheus' testament we assist to the last farewell of the poet. Inquired by the Great Jury Cocteau answers: "A film is the petrified image of the mind which resurrects the dead acts". He will be punished to live in his final days till the time will come for him to fade. The final encounter with Oediphus literally will invade you of perplexity and cosmic anguish; to be so close and unable to meet one each other.  Consider this film not only one of the twenty giants films one any age ever made but one of the ten top French films and perhaps one the three most admired and perfect film in the whole cinema's story. The other two to my mind would be: Carne 's Children of the paradise and Robert Bresson 's A man escapes.  When a rose vanishes, the poetry will wait for it and the cycle will start over and over!           