 I still remember that clever Montesquieu `s statement: "Those are capable to see everything, abbreviate it in this way" . And that reminds me to the smart intellectual exercise of Goethe in which he talks about the four realities. Lineal, metaphoric, poetic and the last one: the anagogic, in which you are able to observe the reality far away the classic distinctions that obey the common sense: up and down, right and left and being capable to watch all the reality from different perspectives, surrounding it and exploring it from any possible angle.  That's precisely what distinguishes to this admirable, prodigious, emeritus, overwhelming and brilliant mind: Stephen Hawking.  Through his remarkable synthesis capacity and profound erudition, he leads us to the most difficult and inextricable passages of the Quanta mechanic,  the famous Heissenberg's  uncertainty Principle, and so a countless numbers of terms, definitions and ideas with such eloquence level and simplicity that you finish this book you will find closer from the common place of the most of people are. He makes the most complicated Principle comes to you , supported by an admirable of clear Graphics and diagrams that will feed your imagination and allow to understand the marvelous universe of the Physics.    There is not any single doubt, you will experience a true journey by the knowledge roads, and names as Planck, Lorenz, Maxwell, Curie will be closer to you and will become simple memorable human beings that belong to the selected dynasty of Nobel Prizes understood just only for a few.   The wisdom and sincere wish displayed by Hawking to get involved us, is the final result of that genetic enthusiasm of him if I may. His contribution and effort represent a perpetual life lesson. His powerful and admirable handle of the most elemental considerations, gets far from that arrogant attitude of lesser scientists who in his infinite petulance assume this field must not be invaded by other disciplines. Wrong choice: you have in this case the most extraordinary mind after Einstein proving us precisely all the opposite.       Recommended for all the Pre Grade and University students and all those who have that elemental Greek Principle: Sophia: love for the knowledge.                        