 This film is undeniable the most notable adaptation of any work of William Shakespeare to the movie. The insights in every detail, the superb cast, the overwheelming photography, the cameras handle makes us inevitably to remind that happy sentence of Orson Welles who said once: "One film is really extraordinary , when the camera is an eye in the mind of a poet". Casually this film is made in 1985, the same year of Wellesdeath. Kurosawa was a truly master. Once upon a time a critical compared to Kenji Mizoguchi with Bach. If this methaphor is assumed valid, then Kurosawa would have his musical image in Ludwig van Beethoven. The amazing scene of the castle in flames, with a remarkable red that invites us to reflect about the human condition, his hunger for power, the horror generated by that unthirsty ambition. The multiple readings that concern with the violence and the passion carrying the devasting facts that appear all along this film. The opening sequences in which the three brothers are together with their father is filmed with such kind of perfection that I wouldnt wonder to know that this an obligated reference for all those students of direction. In this sense, this multiple exchange of points of view reveal us without affections of any kind,the essencial nature of the human being inmersed in the purest spirit shakesperian.  Kurosawa, like the great giants of th cinema handles the camera like Gods, includes the color and the natures elements like adittional actors (Dreams). Just remember that Akira was the first filma maker who dared film against the sun in that glorius film Rashoman from 1950. His achievements all along his brilliant career are too many and certainly, would be beyond the reach of this shorts analysis.  This is one of these gems that you must see over and over, just when you admire this eternal masterpiece.  To be true the others Shakespeares versions that deseve to be carried to the desert island would be in my opinion Titus 2000 (Julie Taymor), Othelo 1953 (Welles) , Richard III 1955 (Olivier), and Throne of blood 1957(Kurosawa). But this movie is just several steps ahead all the titles above mentioned.     