 Seen under the most objective perspective, this was a transient album. With this premise in the analysis, this second album finds a band that still has not developed a personal style. Faster than the speed of life, the opening track is a prelude, a thundering theme that works out as stimulating vehicle to put us in mood. Don' ts step on the grass, Sam is a Country song with visible influence of the blues. Obviously the resonant voice of John Kay was an additional instrument in the band.   Ironically, Magic carpet ride has been the most commercial piece for the great audiences: it possesses originality and highly expressive character; the organ is the basic support instrument  and that was by itself a very remarkable idea. I must insist in an aspect many times forgotten: in those ages you had to engage the exigent auduiences through the rhthym: The Video Clip was an inexistent term, and to get the total acknowldedge of so many people with such golden bands in action for that moment, was a  task nothing easy to reach.  Somehow the excessive popularity gotten by the band with this single, obligated them to rethink their original target and purpose: Magic Carpet ride was in the opposite side of the street respect to Born to be wild their everlasting hymn.  If you are a hard fan of Steppenwolf or simply a minutely searcher or collector of the greatest bands of the bands, this album is fundamental for you, because it's an important piece in the wide gamut of musical forms that came derivating from pioneer bands such as Vanilla Fudge, Deep Purple or the Doors for instance, both bands were supported by the organ too, so it is easy to foolow the traces of the first experiences with the Moog Synthetizer, that would reach a sum peak with Yes and Emerson Lake and Palmer.  Go for this record because even Steppenwolf has not acquired their definitive musical personality, you can realize some changes are going on, and so make the link with Monster (their most solid and mature album), just before to initiate their gradual decay with later albums.   This is an album that delineates his raising profile, I mean the epic journey.                        