 This film seems so universally popular and is so highly regarded that I don't dare utter a word of criticism (I have enough negative votes already!) The story is simple and well known; Laura Jesson (Celia Johnson), a happily married woman, meets Doctor Alec Harvey  (Trevor Howard), a happily married man, in a railway station refreshment-room when he extracts a piece of grit from her eye  ("Trust me. I'm a doctor."). They arrange to meet the following Thursday and for several Thursdays after that, during which time they fall in love - though without getting as far as the bedroom. However, this being Britain in the early forties when codes of conduct really meant something, both are unwilling to break-up their lives and hurt their partners, and so, he having been offered a job in Africa, they agree to part and never see each other again. Their last few precious moments together in the tea-room are made more heart-rending by the intrusion of a silly, garrulous friend of her's who makes it impossible for him to speak another private word to her. When, therefore, the dreaded moment comes and his train arrives his only way of saying a final good-bye is by a clasp of his hand on her shoulder. This will bring tears to your eyes. For her it feels like the end of the world, and, almost suicidally depressed, she goes home to her kind but unexciting husband and her two children to suffer the pain of his loss for the rest of her life - or so she thinks. In fact the pain will lessen and his memory will become dream-like as all our painful memories do. The tale is cleverly told in that we are shown the end of the film at the beginning and then have the rest of it filled in in flash-back with a superbly scripted voice-over by Laura telling her story and expressing her feelings and sense of guilt. There is also a comical sub-plot involving the pretentious tea-room barmaid  with a "posh" voice (Joyce Carey), and her aspiring lover, the Station-Master (Stanley Holloway).  The  haunting third movement of Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 adds immensely to the emotional content of the film and is at least partially responsible for its enduring popularity (indeed where would the film be without it?); you cannot at any time listen to the concerto without thinking of the film. With its fine script and good acting and its nostalgic black and white photography of a time gone by, it delivers a unique experience and is a film to be treasured. And, along with so many other old films, it also brings with it another thought; the fact that these two vibrant lovers in the prime of life are both now dead makes you ponder on the sadness and transience of life and encourages you to make the most of life whilst you still have it - for "the flower that once has bloomed forever dies".     