 This is a story about Antoine, played by Jean Rochefort, who because of a pleasureable experience with a local woman hairdresser at the age of twelve, becomes obsessed with the idea of one day marrying a hairdresser. So when one day many years later he walks into a hairdressing salon and finds there a beautiful woman with a lovely smile and a charming manner, he asks her to  marry him and she agrees. Just like that. Now if you like poetic, romantic fantasy, then you'll love this. But, on the other hand, if, like me, you prefer a slice of real life with real characters you can believe in, doing things that make sense, then you'll find that this film leaves a lot to be desired. We are asked to believe that a beautiful lone woman hairdresser, played by Anna Galiena, is so desperate to get married that she is willing to accept an offer of marriage from an unprepossessing older man, a man she knows nothing about and with whom she has exchanged no more than a couple of words! A likely story. It might have rung more true if he had been George Clooney, but as it is, it seemed to me preposterous. Men would have been flocking in from miles around to  have their hair cut by such as charmer. She would have been spoilt for choice. But the unreality doesn't stop there. They live together in a state of supreme bliss for ten years in a kind of time-capsule without apparently having any friends or relations and without the salon changing one iota. And then at the end of that time she commits suicide - not because she is unhappy but because she is too happy and is fearful of a time arriving when he will stop loving her and she will no longer be happy. Does that make sense to you? Even so, as in  most French films the ending tugs at your heart-strings. Throughout nearly the whole course of the film  we have watched her moving about her salon and going to the pay-desk. The whole place, with her bright presence in it, has become very familiar. Now  suddenly she is not there anymore. He is sitting alone. And we experience her loss almost as much as he does.     