 This is a heartbreakingly tragic film centred around Betty, (Beatrice Dalle) a beautiful but unstable young woman, whose  instability - or madness - becomes progressively worse throughout the film. In the beginning we think she is just an admirablely  rebellious and fiery person who is over-sensitive to slight and imagined insult. Later she is engulfed by these irrational and self-destructive bouts of hysteria for no perceptible reason. But this happens only occasionally;  between times she behaves like a perfectly normal and happy person, as she has every reason to be. It is easy to  become impatient with her. She keeps saying she has nothing to live for, that nothing she has ever done has worked out right, but how can this be  when she is so much better off than so many millions of others,  with beauty, two good friends and a good man who loves her to distraction despite everything? And she loves him in return. Zorg (Jean-Hughes Anglalde) is an aspiring novelist  with a novel in manuscript he has  given up all hope of ever seeing published. But she believes in him and, using only two fingers, types  out the manuscript with painful slowness, and, with an heroic persistence, continues sending it out to the publishers despite  receiving a steady stream of rejection slips. And here-in lies the  tragedy ; at the end of the film, when she is dead to the world and past caring, her efforts bear fruit and the manuscript is accepted. How happy knowing this would have made her. But too late. We leave him alone in his kitchen about to start a new novel, a novel that she will never see, leading to  a success and prosperity she will have no share in. My God  isn't that sad? "What might have been." the saddest words in the English language. The pain lies in imagining the long and happy life they might have had together, but for this thing that mad people have, whatever it is, gnawing away inside her mind.  No explanation is attempted of why she was the way she was, no revelation of some childhood trauma or of some past bitter experience. We are left to assume   that she had some brain or genetic defect. Nor are we given any psychiatric diagnoses. It is mentioned at one point that she is neurotic, but then aren't we all?  She mentions hearing voices in her head which is  the classic symptom of Schizophrenia, but her other behaviour doesn't fit the pattern. Nor does her behaviour fit the pattern of the Manic-depressive. who, surely, is subject only to mood-swings not to sudden and violently wild outburst of behaviour. So we are left to ponder the nature of madness. It makes you think and it's all interesting stuff. This is a long film, but with a wealth of interest and by no means  depressing; there are many happy sequences and  funny moments, and the acting is uniformly excellent.     