 I bought this video in a sale for only .... And because it had received, as far as I know, very little publicity, I wasn't expecting much. But my word how it surprised me! Two young women, Lottie Wilkins (Josie Lawrence), and Rose Arbuthnot (Miranda Richardson), bored with their unappealing husbands and feeling trapped in a dreary, smoky1920's London, in which it never seems to stop raining, decide to get away from it all to a castle on the Mediterranean - the very castle in fact in which the original novel on which the film is based was written. Advertising for two others to go with them in order to defray expenses, they find themselves having to settle for Mrs Fisher (Joan Plowright), an irascible old woman who claims to have been the friend of many distinguished writers all now dead ("Did you know Keats?" asks the rather simple-minded Lotti while Rose cringes in the background. "No! I didn't." shouts Mrs Fisher. "I didn't know Shakespeare or Chaucer either" ), and Lady Caroline Dester, a glamourous socialite who sick and tired of men and their grabbing attentions, just wants, like Garbo, to be alone. On the first morning when Lottie opens her bedroom shutters, the incredible beauty of the place with its sun, ocean, fresh-air and flowers, bursts upon her and instantly begins to work its therapeutic magic, not only on her but on all of them. From arriving dull, depressed and querulous, they become within hours, hopeful, optimistic and far more loving. Lottie startles and pleasantly surprises Mrs Fisher by actually kissing her, and even begins to remember what it was about her husband that she loved. She decides to send for him and persuades Rose to do the same. Lottie's husband comes - though not in answer to her letter but to see Lady Dester, he being one of the men she is trying to get away from. Finding his wife there comes as a complete surprise.  However, both husbands respond to their wives' now happy, loving natures and, as a consequence, again become lovable themselves. The owner of the castle  George Briggs, (Michael Kitchen) pays a visit and falling for Rose, is disappointed when her husband turns up. But he is not miserable for long. The magic of the place has also cast its spell on Lady Dester and seeing George's distress she seeks him out to offer sympathy - with predictable results. I am giving nothing away when I say that all are paired off at the end - except for lonely, irascible Mrs Fisher who now of course is lonely and irascible no longer. Everything about this film seems to me perfect. I can think of nothing to carp about. There is much humour in the dialogue and everyone acts supremely well although I was most impressed by Josie Lawrence and Michael Kitchen. So subtle are the changing expressions that move across the face of Lawrence that you can almost read her thoughts. This is indeed a little gem of a film. It is certainly the best ... I have ever spent.     