 Many people boast about having no regrets; some even sing about it. These are almost always successful people, people who have been given a large slice of luck (in the form of, above average intelligence, talent, presented opportunities, parental support and encouragement, and nurturing early experiences.) and have made the right decisions in early life. Of course, if asked to account for their success they will almost invariably say, "Hard work." Part of the answer no doubt, but far from the whole. To have regrets seems to many people to be faint-hearted and self-pitying; it means looking back from an unhappy present and thinking, "What might have been, if only I had done such and such instead of...... Marion. (Gena Rowlands), the protagonist of this film, an outwardly successful and well respected University Professor, has reached the age of fifty without having any self-doubt; she is proud of her achievements and her life-style - or so she has convinced herself. Until one day, in a room she has rented in which to write a book, she hears a woman's voice coming through the ventilator shaft from the psychiatrist's surgery next door. This voice awakens her to her present condition and causes her to question her life. She comes to realise that some decisions she had made in the past, and some of her actions, have brought misery on herself and others. She drove her first husband to suicide by refusing to give him the child he desperately wanted - the child she wishes she now had; she stole her present husband away from his first wife; she alienated by her behaviour both her best friend and her brother; and, worst of all, she refused the offer of love and marriage from a good, warm-hearted, generous man, Larry (Gene Hackman), in order to remain faithful to her cold unresponsive husband Ken (Ian Holm), who she later discovers is unfaithful to her. ("How can you do this?" she says to Larry, "He's your friend." "Yes." replies Larry, "He is my friend and I love him. But he's a prig and he's cold and stuffy." Can such a person be loved?) She now regrets all of this - but too late. She must now live with the consequences - with the unhappiness she has brought on herself and others. She realises that a successful career and the respect of colleagues is not enough, that her bad choices in life have made her into a sad and disappointed woman. Woody Allen was determined to make a deeply serious film without a hint of humour. And he has succeeded. The whole complex film is quietly depressing and is told in such a way, with flash-backs, dream-sequences, and voice-overs, that you have to keep your wits about you to follow the densely plotted story-line and grasp the meaning of it all - or maybe I'm just stupid. It is quite amazing the detail he manages to pack in to 87 minutes. There are some very dramatic moments; when for instance her husband's ex-wife Kathy (Betty Buckley), invades her anniversary celebrations and denounces her; and when on meeting an old friend Claire (Sandy Dennis), with her current partner, she arouses a storm of anger by repeating the same error that drove her friend away in the first place; so engrossing the attention of the man she is talking to that he becomes oblivious to Claire and everyone else.  For people who like films that are serious, philosophic and have a message, films that give you something to think and talk about, this is the film for you.     