 This is another study in realism from Cedric Klapisch, so real that it is impossible to say where the script ends and the fly-on-the-wall documentary takes over.The film traces a few days in the life of Chloe, a timorous,  lonely, gawky young woman  with soulful eyes, as she searches for her lost  cat. The cat means a lot to her; it is the only thing in her life she has  to love; whilst, at the same time, like all girls, she is yearning  for  something more; the love of a good man.  Chloe is played by Garance  Clabel who gives a very endearing performance; you feel for her; you want  to love and protect her. Are all those men out there so blind that they  cannot see what a treasure she is? One does, and follows her around and  will do anything for her, almost to the point of sacrificing his life for  her. But he is only a poor brain-damaged young man and not able to inspire  love in the heart of any woman. Chloe likes him and is kind to him but that  is all. She, after many experiences along the way, eventually finds love  and her cat, but he, poor man, will end his life alone. As he says at the  end, when he witnesses Chloe's new found happiness; "Life is not fair." You  can say that again. This is a film about loneliness; loneliness in the  poor  inner-cities, where there is no sense of community and everyone is  forced to live their lives in isolation, cut of from others and without any  real friends. This is why so many people in the neighbourhood, hitherto  complete strangers, are so willing to come together to search for Chloe's  cat - because they are lonely and long for the company of others. And there  are specific illustrations; the old woman who phones Chloe ostensibly to  give her news about her cat, but who has no news; she just wants to talk to  someone, to hear the sound of a human voice. And the lesbian barmaid who,  when she makes a pass at Chloe  and is rejected, walks off into the night  with  bowed head. And Chloe, who, in her desperation and misery, tries to  seduce her homosexual flat-mate and fails.  It is a sad film but,  thankfully, with a happy ending - for Chloe anyway. The French always have  good endings to their films. In this case  we see Chloe running  joyfully,  elated and full of energy,  the whole length of the street. And she is  still running when the film ends.     