 Louis (Jean-Louis Trintigant)is a philandering intellectual with several affairs behind him. But when late in life he becomes a convert to Catholicism, he decides to turn his back on his past and settle down to married life with a nice Catholic girl - preferably a blond. He finds Francoise (Marie-Christine Barrault), the perfect candidate, in a  Catholic church - where else? -  pursues her and makes a date, but before he can keep the date he meets Vidal (Antoine Vitez ), an old school friend who he hasn't seen for fourteen years. Vidal  takes him to the home of Maud, a highly intelligent and lovely to look at young woman. For several hours they have  a lively conversation about the philosophy of Pascal and freedom of choice - which is ironic in view of what happens later -  until Vidal leaves. After which the conversation becomes more intimate and confiding as they build up a strong rapport. Surely you think he cannot still be intending to keep his date with the blond, when he has  this new so  much more promising relationship developing. But there is only one problem; she is not a Catholic. She tries to seduce him and though she manages to persuade him to stay the night he refuses to get into bed with her preferring to lie on the top of the bed wrapped in a blanket - with her lying naked under the bed clothes alongside him. This takes  some suspension of disbelief from the viewer. Towards morning she makes a more overt attempt to seduce him but again fails - his newly found Catholic conscience will not allow him to succumb. Being a Catholic, you see, now debars him from doing what he has done so often in his previous life; sleeping with a woman outside marriage. And so because he allows himself to be governed by these new strictures, he loses his ideal woman, the intellectual equal who would have made him happy, and goes off to keep his date and marry the blond.  Though he may have seemed to choose the blond in preference to Maude, in reality he made no such choice; his choice was determined for him by the strictures of the Catholic Church. If he had met Maude a year earlier, before his conversion to Catholicism, he would have been able to make a free unrestricted choice and would no doubt have chosen Maude. It emerges that the blond was Maude's ex-husband's mistress  - a piece of information introduced presumably to show that she is not the devout, pure -minded virgin he originally assumed her to be. He meets Maude one last time five years later on the sand dunes at some sea side resort - he with his wife and child, she alone. They talk in a desultory way; she tells him that she is unhappily married again and asks why he never phoned her as he had promised, and then she walks out of his life for ever. This I think is the best of Eric Rohmer's Six Moral Tales, if only because the usual long conversations have more substance.     