 This thourghly entertaining film set the vogue for the many screw-ball comedies of the thirties and forties. It was the first of it's kind and possibly the best. And much of it's success was due I think to the performance of Clark Gable, playing a alcoholic reporter with an eye for a good story. How I wish he had done more light-comedy instead of allowing himself to be steered into the tough, macho, Rhett Butler type roles. This very enjoyable film gets off to a good start with it's opening scene in which we are shown Gable, as Peter Warne, standing in a phone-booth, drunk, arguing with his belligerent editor who has just sacked him, while outside wait a gang of his admiring cronies. When the exasperated editor rings off, Gable unwilling to admit defeat, continues an imaginary conversation which he brings to an apparently triumphant conclusion. This so delights his cronies that they carry him away shoulder-high chanting, "Make way for the king." thus, presumably, originating his tag as "The King of Hollywood." This too must have been the first "Road" film. He meets on a crowded bus,  Ellie Andrews, beautifully played by Claudet Colbert, a recalcitrant, snobbish and spoilt wealthy heiress who is on the run from her domineering father who has sent two detectives in pursuit and put out a reward for her "recapture". She is suspicious of everyone and initially treats Peter Warne with disdain. But through a whole series of misadventures during which he consistently demonstrates he is on her side, he eventually wins her over and she agrees to give him the story he needs. But will she give him anything more? To find out we are kept in suspense until the very last minute. There are many memorable scenes in this film and here are a few of my favourites: his sublimely ridiculous altercation with a monosyllabic bus-driver, played by Ward Bond, who's repartee seems limited to two words, "Oh yeah?": the entertaining rendition by all the bus passengers of "The Man on the Flying Trapeze." with individuals poping up to do their own thing: the ride they hitch from a boisterous and deceptively friendly car-driver, played by Alan Hale: and the scene in which when two of her dad's detectives knock on the door of their chalet in an "Auto-Park" they instantly transform themselves into a long-time married couple who are not getting on too well - she a cowed and miserable wife and he a loud-mouthed and bullying husband. Marvellous stuff.     