 A young woman, Anne, is persuaded by her close friend and surrogate mother, Lady Russell, to reject a young sea-man's offer of marriage because he is poor and without prospects. Eight years later, now a prosperous  ship's captain, he comes home and is looking for a wife. This must be the  definitive adaption of Jane Austen's novel Persuasion. I cannot imagine any  future adaption surpassing it. Every actor is the very embodiment  of his  or her character. Jane Austen, I think, would have recognised them all.  Amanda Root is particularly good as Anne with her large expressive eyes.  She is exactly the way I imagined her to be. And Fiona Shaw as Mrs Coft and  Susan fleetwood  as Lady Russell are both excellent. However, I have some  slight doubt about Ciaran Hinds who played Captain Wentworth. He certainly  looked the part, though why they allowed him to appear in his first scene,  when he should have been at his most impressive, wearing a  filthy looking  top-coat and a scruffy cravat I've no idea. But, as a ship's captain,  Wentworth should have been portrayed as a strong man  with  an easy,  confident manner and Ciaran Hinds it seems to me was a little lacking in  that respect. At the dinner table when he was flirting with the Musgrove  sisters, Louisa and Henrietta, and should have been at his most charming,  he seemed to have some slight awkwardness and impediment in his  speech. And the scene at the recital when he storms off in a jealous rage  was a bit over the top. A good man, even in a jealous rage, would never  treat the woman he loves so unfeelingly, particularly after she has shown  she cares by abandoning the other man and chasing after him. It was  childish behaviour and heroic ship's captains are not normally prone to  childish behaviour. But this scene is false to the novel and falsifies both  the character of Wentworth and Anne. In the novel she does not chase after  him; no woman at that time would have dreamt of doing such a thing in a  public place. It would have been unthinkable. He comes to talk to her and  it in only when  Mr Elliot approaches to urge her  to return to her seat  that he allows his jealous feelings to show and, saying goodbye, leaves  abruptly. But not in anger. More in sorrow than anger. The novel of  course is much richer than the dramatisation could ever be in its allotted  time span. In the scene where Wentworth hands Anne into the carriage  alongside Admiral Croft and his wife, we are left to infer Anne's feelings.  In the novel, Jane Austen devotes nearly a whole page to expressing those  feelings. The film has a very moving ending. It made me cry. But then I  cry whilst reading any of  Jane Austen's novels or indeed whilst watching  any good adaption. The very best, the unbeatable dramatisation, of course,  is the BBC production of Pride and Prejudice - though even that is not  without its flaws.     