 This film takes place against the backdrop of central Paris, always a plus  in my book. Michel Serrault plays Pierre Arnaud, a charming older man, a  retired judge, who  is well beyond his prime. At a pavement cafe, he is  introduced,  by a mutual friend, to Nelly, (Emmanuelle Beart) a lovely  young woman, and is immediately attracted to her, as any man of any age  would be. Within minutes she is confiding in him and he is offering her  money to pay off her three month's rent arrears. He then offers to employ  her to assist him in writing his memoirs . She accepts both, and in no time  they have set up a close working relationship, which becomes, as time goes  by,  increasingly pleasurable for both of them. However, he becomes  tormented by his love for her whilst finding himself, because of the  discrepancy in  their ages, unable to do anything about it.  She  is out of  reach and he can't bear it. In the mean time, she has divorced her  husband and has started dating Pierre's  young publisher. But her heart is  still with Pierre and when the publisher suggests that they live together  and she turns him down, he will have nothing more to do with her. She is  alone again. At this point, Pierre hears from his ex-wife that her second  husband has died and she is coming to Paris to see him. Then things  happen  quickly. One morning, two days later, Nelly arrives for work to be told  that Pierre and his ex-wife are leaving that morning  for an extended round  the world trip that will take several  months. Nelly is  stunned by this  news, suddenly realising how much Pierre means to her. Pierre, empathising  with her and now fully aware of the  enormity of what  he is about to do,  passionately embraces her for the first and last time as he says goodbye.  Both now accept that their love is doomed to remain unconsummated. At the  airport, whilst his ex-wife is  getting the tickets, he stands in a reverie  thinking longingly of Nelly. At that same moment we see her, having  finished her  work for the day, walking home with her head held high and  then  disappearing into the crowd. We are left wishing her well and  desperately wanting to know  what the future  holds for her. It is an  inconclusive, poignant ending	typical of  so many French films. If  you like the intimacy and  subtlety of French films then you will like this  one. But it is a film to like and not rave about. It is a very gentle film  - perhaps too much so. As  some other reviewer has said, Emmanuelle Beart  is very passive; she certainly lacks vivacity. But that is probably a trait  that some will like. I do.     