 Tracy Samantha Lord (Katherine Hepburn), a High Society millionairess, is about to be married to George Kittridge (John Howard) a self-made mining executive, when, unannounced, her first husband, C.K. Dexter-Haven (Cary Grant), who she hasnt seen for two years, appears on the scene. He has brought with him a scandal sheet reporter, Macauley Conner (James Stewart), and his photographer-cum-girl friend Elizabeth Imbrie (Ruth Hussey), who want to do a insider, expose piece on the family. Under duress he explains that he was forced into bringing them a long by the magazines editor who had threatened, if he refused  to comply, to publish a scandalous story about her fathers liaison with a Parisian dancer. Outraged, Tracy and her young sister Dinah (a very funny performance from Virginia Weidler) put on a show and present themselves as deranged eccentrics, leaving Conner and friend baffled and bemused. Later, he comes across Tracy in the local library reading a book of his short stories and they both see each other in an entirely fresh light. We are given an insight into the character of George Kittridge at the beginning of the film when he comes along immaculately dressed in jodhpurs looking like a tailors dummy. Tracy, repelled, immediately pushes him over into the dirt just to make him look more human. And then his blundering attempts to get astride a horse are hilarious. He is handsome and well-spoken and by normal standards attractive, but with Dexter and Macauley in the vicinity he appears stolid, self-important and humourless. We just know that Tracy will not marry  him. Its ironic that Grant, here as ever playing the sophisticate, should himself have come from a poor, lower-middle-class family and been poorly educated. Yet, he still managed to create for himself this marvellous screen persona. And in this film we have the quintessential Grant. He was here at his peak; suave, smooth, unruffled, in control, always amused and amusing and with a repertoire of gently mocking facial expressions. And he made it seem so easy - too easy, which is probably why Stewart beat him to the Oscar. Hepburn got a nomination and so did Hussey and yet neither were more deserving than Grant. Hepburn as always gives a great performance, although it seems to me remarkable that starting out with such physical disadvantages she was able to   achieve star status. Her character is cruelly criticised in the film for thinking of herself as a Goddess and behaving like one; cold distant and hardly human. But, physically, with her thin face and slight figure, she is a long way from being anyones idea of a Goddess. Nor, until you get used to it, is her hard, high-pitched voice easy on the ear. Little wonder then that up to this point she was thought to be box-office poison. There are a few other occasions in the film when I had difficulty suspending disbelief and when the film seemed to take itself too seriously resulting in stagy artificial dialogue, but on the whole it is an enjoyable film, well acted, well scripted and well worth seeing. Up to the last minute we are made to wonder  who will marry whom. But all our expectations and wishes come true with a nicely satisfying happy ending - despite Macauleys bit of cruelty. To tell someone you love them when someone else who loves you is standing at your elbow is surely cruel is it not?     