 This is a film about three  promiscuous  people looking for  every  opportunity to have sex, without any qualms of conscience or fear of Aids. It makes you quite envious. Marie, who is living with and supporting Alexandra, doesn't complain about and senses no danger in these peripheral affairs; she has a firm believe in the soundness of their core relationship. As Alexandra  is walking past a cafe one day constantly on the look-out, he catches the eye of Veronika and decides that she will be his next adventure. Without a moments hesitation he chases after her as she leaves the cafe and says, "I haven't time to go for a drink at the moment but will you give me your telephone number?" She does, and from that moment Marie finds herself with some serious competition. At first she is so sure of Alexandria's love that she is even willing to allow Veronika to share their bed! Only later does she have misgivings and pangs of jealousy. Veronika is far from being your wholesome girl-next door,  she too is addicted  to sex and offhandedly mentions that she has been with a great many men in the five years since her 20th birthday. Being a nurse she says makes it easy for her. Alexandra is an idle,  narcissistic,  garrulous intellectual who will spout his ideas to anyone willing to listen. He has that much in common with Veronika; both have long scenes in which they talk in close-up directly to the camera. Because of this and because there are so many of these scenes and the film is so long, you have a real sense of getting to know the characters. There is one long scene in which nothing happens at all but which didn't bore me for a moment. Marie, alone, puts on a long-playing record and then lies on the mattress on the floor in her sparsely furnished shambles of a bed-sit and we listen with her to the whole of one long track of music. Apart from lifting her hand to her face at one point she does nothing and yet we feel sympathy for her and feel we know her better at the end of it. Such uneventful scenes are a characteristic of French films and are what make them seem so realistic and  true to life. They seem realistic because in real life we do listen for long periods to others talking, and we do listen to music with others in silence, and because we are with these people as we are with friends in real-life. Thus the length of the film is a positive advantage. I recommend it.     