 Cleo, a singer, played by Corinne Marchand, has stomach pains and is awaiting the results of hospital tests for which she has a seven o'clock appointment. When, at five o'clock  she is told by a fortune-teller that she has only a short time left to live, it seems like a confirmation of her worst fears; that she must have cancer. Fully convinced she has received a death sentence, she spends the next two hours in a cloud of fear and depression. But, as Dostoevsky said when he too faced a death sentence; the imminence of death concentrates the mind wonderfully. A quite amazing amount of incident is packed into the next two hours. We stay with her through every minute in real time as, with a heightened sense of awareness, she visits friends, walks and drives around the bustling streets of Paris, and sits in some of the famous left-bank cafes listening to fragments of  conversation about painting, politics and philosophy to which at any other time she would have paid no attention. Everything reminds her of the short time she may have left to live. And to add to her woes she has an uncaring lover she can't confide in. "I listen to his troubles." she says, "but he won't listen to mine. If I died tomorrow he'd be surprised but he wouldn't care. He's an egotist." The way she discards her ridiculous wig and changes into an elegant black dress before walking out for the first time alone, is intended to convey a change of attitude and persona brought on by her fear that death is near. Up  to that point she had been just another frivolous pop-star without a serious thought in her head and under the dominion of her minder/manager. Now she is transformed into a confident, independent woman able to see the world through her own eyes.  While walking in the park with only twenty minutes to go, she gets into conversation with Antoine, a soldier on leave, played by Antoine Bourseiller. He is funny, sensitive and articulate and they quickly build up a rapport. He is a great comfort to her.  When she unburdens herself to him, he says that as they are both going in the same direction he will go with her to the hospital.   The film is extremely realistic. I'm sure no extras were employed. All the conversations she overhears in the crowded cafes were, I think, real conversations between real people, unaware that they were being filmed. The same seems true of the outdoor scenes, though I must say I was made to wonder about the extraordinarily handsome bus conductor - possibly the only unrealistic touch in the whole film.     