 Nov 2003 I wrote the 1st review on this camera.  Finally, June-July 2004, there is a Firmware upgrade to Ver 2.13 which NOW solves the problem relating to brightness control.  Now, the DSN service isn't working for me.  Still a bunch of fun, and neighbors love to watch their houses.  mikebairdcam.com  I like this product a lot, despite some problems. The brand new Linksys WVC11B Wireless-B Internet Video Camera is an amazing little product.  The reputation of Linksys (now owned by Cisco) is number one in my book.  Every component in my home network is Linksys -- cable modem, router, switches, print servers, etc., including the new Linksys WAP54G Wireless-G Access Point purchased in part just to accommodate this camera... so it was natural that I'd wait for Linksys to produce and purchase a "Webcam" that was wireless and contained its own web server.  The 802.11x protocol is 'b,' but I wish they had used the more modern 'g' standard.   The camera installed without major problems, although I did download and burn in newer firmware (to V2.05, then to V2.10) to see if things might improve.  I also had to update the firmware on my two-year old "wired" Linksys BEFSR41 Router in order to get the menus necessary to poke a port open to the outside world.... easily done.    The biggest almost fatal problem is that the picture it too bright when the camera is pointed outside.  I tried setting the image brightness to manual, and had to turn it all the way down to 0 on a scale of 0-64, and even then I taped a pair of sunglasses over the lens to make the picture more visible.  The automatic brightness feature is useless outdoors.  This is the biggest fault of this unit. Inside the house, the camera seems to work fine. I'm hoping future firmware upgrades will correct this flaw... as of 12-03 there have been no firmware upgrades above V2.10.  My final solution has been to tape two sunglass polaroid lenses over the lens, and flip either one or both down depending on how sunny the day is - argh! The Linksys/Cisco Sololink service to manage a domain for users with dynamic IP addresses at home works well.  I liked the included free 90 day trial well enough after the first day to purchase a two-year subscription for about $40.   I wanted to mount the unit on a tripod so I could easily aim the camera at different points, but there is no camera mount.  You can either place the camera in a little stand (included) that sits on any flat surface, or you can hang the unit anywhere you are willing to nail in two nails (like a picture hanger).   For the price (sub $200) this unit can't be beat.  As expected, at this price range, you sacrifice remote-controlled pan and tilt, and the lens is of fixed-focal length, so there is not even any manual zoom.  If you are like me, you will be pleased that you bought this unit, in that, for a low cost, you can experiment with a wireless video camera with its own built-in web server.  You may soon be frustrated, however, that your camera can't "see" outside.  To be fair, Linksys says that the camera is not to be USED outside, but why can't it even look throught the window at an outside scene?   Buying this unit is like buying your first inexpensive digital camera.  At first you are amazed at what it can do, especially for the price... but, after you have some more experience, you begin thinking about how nice it would be to have higher-end features and better image quality.     