 I really love this movie -- for its cinematic effects, its terrific acting, even the editing which has sometimes been called too slow.  I love it that India is recognizable in the movie, even seen through an Anglicized lens.  And I'm also partial to the portrait of the Mahatma that Attenborough painted (and Ben Kingsley brought so inimitably to life).  One can hardly escape being deeply moved by the story.  In short, it's a masterpiece.   But the reviewers who claim this movie is a history lesson would maybe do well to read a little Indian history: this movie, beloved as it is, is a cartoon.  Gandhi comes across as much more appealingly ecumenical here than he was in real life; it's obviously a movie made by and primarily for Christians, who might have felt alienated having to learn about the complicated Hindu principles of self-discipline and virtue that Gandhi's politics were built on.  Jinnah is rendered as a vampire (which, depending on the viewer's politics, may well be a plausible caricature -- I found it thrilling, and unusual given the British & American alliance with Pakistan against India for most of the duration of the Cold War (and the enduring Western eagerness to buy Jinnah's contradictory argument, both in the Subcontinent and elsewhere, that minorities must be provided with states in which they are majorities if their rights are to be protected under democratic regimes)).  Nearly all the British characters are extreme archetypes, not at all whole believable people (even Mountbatten, who might have been so interesting, here comes across as a dashing diplomatic cypher); and the Mahatma's enemies are all really deliciously evil and ugly.  Any sane person can hardly escape feeling at the end that Gandhi was a saint, and while this is a really pleasant feeling to nurture I'm not sure it's entirely historically fair. Still -- I give it 5 stars.  How could I not? I recommend the DVD over the VHS version, too, for the benefit of the intermission music, which one loses in the two-tape VHS format.  The chapter headings are a little weird, but this is minor.     