 ...,I don't why I just kept repeating, day and night: "Yougot to breathe, man, breathe". You know what? I think I know why:because the song ROCKS! Not only the song rocks, but also the whole concert. This is the most amazing live performance I've ever heard. I think that reading long paragraphs makes one bored, so I'll put my review in points: Pros: *Jaymz' voice sounded better than ever. Usually his vocals in concerts sound worn out, but this time, they can't get any better. *The mix (heavy metal and orchestra) not only was not weird, but very beautiful, most of the time. *Kirk changed some of his solos, to the better. For instance, his "Of Wolf And Man" solo is much better than the original. So are other ones, like "Sad But True"'s and "Wherever I May Roam"'s. *Almost all of the band's great songs were featured. *The two new songs, "No Leaf Clover" and "-Human"(Minus Human), are amazing. *Jaymz' devilish laughs, like in "The Thing That Should Not Be" and "Master of Puppets", add more intensity and spirit to the songs. *This album marked the best versions of some songs. They were just so astonishing, that I am totally speechless. The most phenomenal: "Master of Puppets", "Of Wolf And Man", "Sad But True", "One", "Wherever I May Roam", "Nothing Else Matters", "For Whom The Bell Tolls", "The Memory Remains", "Hero of The Day", and my personal favorite of the concert, "Fuel". Cons: *The orchestra could be annoying sometimes. *This bugs me the most: some of the band's greatest songs were not featured, namely the following: -"King Nothing" -"Creeping Death" -"The Unforgiven" -"Sanitarium" -"Holier Than Thou" -Most importantly, "Through The Never". Bottomline: this is one album any metallica fan can't be without. Even if you aren't a Metallica fan, give this gem a try. Miscellaneous: Best orchestra/metal mix: "Wherever I May Roam", "Nothing Else Matters", "The Memory Remains","The Thing That Should Not Be" and "Sad But True". Memorable moments:  *When James said: "I stripped" in "Wherever I May Roam".  *Kirk's second "Sad But True" solo, combined with Jason's background vocals and Jaymz' "ha ha! Hey hey!" *Jason's bass in "For Whom The Bell Tolls". And those are just a few.     