 Usually when I review a product, I name the inaccurate or bad parts in it separately. This book is so full of lies that I don't know where to start. That's why I will redirect you to A.Alothman's excellent review (below).  Since every review here is talking about and excerpting from the book, I  think I have to comment on some extremely misinformed and biased  reviews: First, The reviewer from Independent Publisher (not  surprisingly, he didn't publish his name) childishly bought every single  letter in this pile of lies without even thinking of easily going to a  search engine, typing "Islam" and then hitting  "Search". That's almost all it is to it. But no, why do that when  you hate Islam?  People, you don't have to believe me: look at his review  and look how instead of focusing on the contents of the book, he took the  main lies in it and started expanding upon them. His credibility as a  reviewer needs no comment here at all. You judge. He says that the book is  "...well researched and clearly organized...". Clearly organized?  Yes. Well researched? I won't say anything here, but I just have one simple  little request from this "honest" reviewer: click on my name to get my  Email address, Email me, we'll have a debate, and then we'll see how much  you know about Islam to judge if such nonsense is  "well-researched", ok? I'll be waiting. Second, to the regular  reviewers: Have you researched and seen if Islam and Muhammad (peace be  upon him) are like what the liars (they don't deserve the title  "authors", though technically they do) characterized or not? About  the Malaysian woman, she says:"...All the time I over heard pious  muslim men talking about great the pleasure of having sex with underage  virgin girls and condemning about how sexually tasteless a non virgin girls  to have sex with...". This shows you her bias and that she's here just  to offend Islam. Mam, do you have any idea how cheap it is to take a scene  from your community and then label it Islamic? And ok, what if they said  so? Men do prefer virgins, whether you like it or not  As for the reader  from Europe (no wonder he didn't post his name either),he  said:"...Whereas an unmarried muslim male can have as much premarital  sex as he likes, a muslim woman is strictly obliged to preserve her  virginity to "keep the honor of the family". If she does not do  so, she must expect to be killed by her own family (in order to re-install  the "honor of the family")" Uhhh, but how do we know if  that's true or not, sir?"...those are facts proven by evidence..."  Really? Oh, I'm convinced now with this "evidence".(no need to  tell you that this review is another bull-faced lie. Just to let you know  how much of a liar this guys is, Qur'an 24:2 says that an  adulterer(pre-marital one)must be striped 100 times in public). Finally,  about the reader from USA (don't you notice a pattern here with the word  "reader"? I sure do), he says:" who undertakes to explore Muhammad's  marriage to a 9-year-old girl..." Muhammad wasn't the only one. It was a  common thing in Arabia, and it was an excellent way to prevent men and  women from having premarital affairs ,and those were considered perverse by  the majority(using your US standards, a girl must have sex with at least  one boyfriend before marriage, right?).Continuing the "review":"... his  copulation with her in a room filled with her dolls,". Can you tell us more  about the copulation? (I also never knew that they had dolls at that  time)You also have to come up with an explanation to why Muhammad(peace be  upon him) married only one virgin in his life, and why were all of his  other wives non-virgins, and why he married a woman who exceeded menopause,  and a lot of other things. Going on:"... his marriage to at least 11 (and  possibly as many 20...". Let me get this straight: you think it's a shame  when someone has a clean and pure relationship with a woman (embodied in  marriage), but it's totally ok for him or her to do the same without  marriage? Oh, ok. Finally:"... It's astounding, yet accurate...". It's  accurate, huh? Ok. From what we've seen of your unsurpassed knowledge of  Islam and striking honesty and unbiased nature, it's ok to take our  knowledge of Islam from you. Totally ok. And it goes on and on, ladies  and gentlemen. To all non-Muslims: if you take your info about Islam from  lying anti-Muslims, then what's the point? You yourself could do the same  thing! Just fabricate anything, and then attribute it to Islam, and  voilah! Look: if you want to know about Islam, look at its scriptures.  Look for true Islamic websites and examine what they say. Ignore the lies  presented by the liars of the book and know Islam directly.    To  Amazon.com's people: I have modified the contents of the review. If you are  not going to publish it, then Email me and tell me why. Otherwise, I will  consider it discrimination,since other people said worse things.     