 What is it about this album? The fans that deserted Metallica when they changed their style(i.e. the so-called "hardcore fans") consider this the greatest album of Metallica's career. While this album certainly stands out and blows away anything that bands like Motley Crue ever did and could ever do, it definitely isn't Metallica's best. Pros: * Very versatile and deep album. * The A-side is just amazingly good. * Quick takes: -"Battery": Cool thrasher. Is it just me or does its overall structure sound just like "Fight Fire With Fire"? A little acoustic at the beginning and then, boom, Heavy Metal madness! Listen to S&M for a better version. I give this version a 5. -"Master of Puppets": one of rock's all-time greatest sons, a super-popular favorite among the fans, and an amazing epic. Just listen to the fans when it's played. The best version of this song is in S&M, although you might find the symphony a little annoying at the beginning of the song. I give this a 9. -"The Thing That Should Not Be": Wow! How innovative could you get? What is it with songs that are inspired by novels? One of Nirvana's best songs ("Scentless Apprentice") is inspired by a novel, and this one is no different. I give it a 7,but the S&M version is ten times better in every possible way. -"Sanitarium": Metallica's best pre-Black Album ballad, and it's absolutely amazing. Heartbreaking and well-written song, this is probably the first song you'll like. I give it a 7. -"Disposable Heroes": It starts strong, and then gets a little annoying. If you want a better war song, try "For Whom the Bell Tolls". I give it a 2. -"Leper Messiah": While it spreads a noble message (apparently, attacking people who say something and act otherwise), it gets repetitive after a short while. I give it a 3. -"Orion": This instrumental piece is late bassist Cliff Burton's favorite, and I am not surprised by that, since he was pretty active in it. However, it isn't better than "The Call of Ktulu". I give it a 3. -"Damage Inc.": this thrasher's got a pretty cool name. I don't think it's that good though. I give it a 2. I know that the last 4 ratings will upset a lot of people, but hey, it's just my opinion. You're not obliged to take it. Cons: * As you might have guessed, the B-side isn't as good as the A-side. Bottom Line: a satisfying choice for metalheads, but other than them, I don't think you'll like it that much, except for "Sanitarium".     