 In my humble opinion, this is Metallica's greatest pre-Black Album album. A lot of people say it's Master of Puppets, but I personally think this one is better. Here are the pros and cons(and takes): Pros: * This album shows the versatility of Metallica, when they were 22-23-year-old! Anti-war epics, ballads and instrumental work aren't something you hear a lot from young rockers. * Contains an excellent set of songs. Here are some quick takes: -"Fight Fire with Fire": the albums opening track is definitely Metallica's fastest song, and probably the fastest song of all time (mainly the rhythm guitar). James plays Rhythm guitar with his usual good taste and flawless accuracy, but this time, it's way faster. Whoever thought that he could outdo any song on "Kill'em All"? Like, did anyone think that, say, "Metal Militia" or "Whiplash" could've been beaten? Not me, and I was proven to be a million miles away from being correct. Folks: you have to hear the songs yourselves to know what I'm talking about. And believe it or not, as if the awesome speed of the song wasn't enough, Jaymz plays even faster at the chorus! Wow! Totally awesome thrasher.I give this an 7 out of 10. -"Ride the Lightning": the album's title track is an anti-Capital punishment epic. A lot of people say the song ain't that much, I disagree a little. While the melody of the vocals was inconsistent at times, over all, the song featured some amazing instrumental work. For instance, listen to James' guitar after the second chorus, and you can't help but admire the amazing speed. The intro is excellent, and it gets much better after several seconds. I give it a 4. -"For Whom the Bell Tolls": well well well! Here, the REAL Metallica starts to shine! If this song isn't great, then I don't know what to call it. Let's take'em one by one: the lyrics show staggeringly beautiful poetry and balance, which makes it one of Metallica's best lyrics to date. The rhythm guitar(played by vocalist/songwriter James Allan Hetfield, for those who don't know) features one of Metallica's most powerful riffs(if you count Metallica's powerful riffs, you will never finish), and its tune is awesome and REALLY memorable. As for Hammett, while he didn't do one of his usual right-after-the-second-chorus-solos, he did participate with a memorable riff at the beginning and between choruses. As for the bass, well! Let me just say that the bass is THE most memorable part and definitely Metallica's greatest bass work so far(here it's done by ex-bassist Cliff Burton who died later, but the bass is done later much better by Jason Newsted, the current headbanging bassist). As for Lars, what could I say about this drum legend? Everything Lars does is absolutely amazing. I've yet to hear someone who drums better than him. His use of drums and percussions in this particular song is extremely powerful and very well-timed. Any music fan will love this song. Take my word on that. I give it an easy 10. -"Fade to Black": Metallica's first ballad. Not bad. Good Hammett solo. Some fast rhythm riffs by James. Fine lyrics. The first 20 or so seconds are my favorite part of the song, where they show mingling of the two guitars. However, if you want Metallica's best pre-Black album ballad, listen to the album "Master of Puppets'" "Sanitarium". For Metallica's finest ballad, listen to "Nothing Else Matters" on the Black Album. I give this a 5. -"Trapped Under Ice" and "Escape": to me, they sound like fillers. -"Creeping Death": do I really need to say anything about this particular song? I bet you've heard it or at least heard about it endlessly. It's one of Metallica's all time greatest songs, featuring what I consider guitarist Kirk Hammett's finest solo to date. The lyrics are just so cool, and James' rhythm guitar riffs are totally delicious. Lars, as always, shines, with his flawless timing, very powerful drums(definitely the heaviest drums and percussion I've had the pleasure to experience) and spectacular use of percussion. This song is one of the fans'(and definitely the band's) favorite songs in concerts. It features one of the greatest moments in heavy metal history: the part of the song right after Hammett's solo(starts there, and ends with the last "killing firsborn man"). This part is mind-blowingly powerful and amazingly enjoyable. If you are a regular music fan, you will feel sheer joy listening to that specific part. If you are a heavy metal fan, you will get what I call a musical orgasm. You don't have to believe me; just listen to the song and wait for the solo, then when the solo ends, pay attention. Cliff's bass at the end adds more depth and life to the song. It's kinda sad. I don't know why, but the bass just sounds sad. It sounds like a part that would be played when someone dies. It's very beautiful though. It gets a 10. -"The Call of Ktulu": Metallica's first instrumental(lets not count "Kill'em All"'s "Pulling Teeth (Anesthesia)", since it was mainly bass) is a musical masterpiece that shocked me. What shocked me is how could a young rock band have so much depth? I could understand it if they did it now, but way early?  Anyway, this stunning piece of art has only one flaw: it's a little too long. I give it a 6. Bottom Line:  -For regular music fans, you might like "For Whom the Bell Tolls" and "Fade to Black". The other songs are a little too heavy to be enjoyed by non-heavy metal fans. -For heavy metal fans, I highly recommend this album. -As for Metallica fans, they don't need what I have to say,because they already have this album.     