 The direction is simply stunning.The director of Metallica's Cunning Stunts stretches more direction muscle here.The editing is also excellent. Pros: *It's a Metallica greatest hits concert! *The San  Fransisco Symphony were amazing.I've never seen an orchestra play so  fast. *The lights,editing,direction,effects and the whole setting in  general were brilliant. *Jaymz' voice was so terrific.Sometimes deep(most  of the time),sometimes touching(Nothing Else Matters,No Leaf Clover) and  sometimes powerful(The Thing That Should Not Be,Master of  Puppets,-Human). Cons: *Why couldn't we see a lot of Jason in the  beginning of "For Whom The Bell Tolls"? *"Of Wolf And  Man" shouldn't have been changed.It's the perfect Metallica  song. *James still hasn't perfected the part "sleep with one eye  open,gripping your pillow tight---exit:light,enter:night".It's not the  same as the original.In the original,the word "light" seems to be  extended,like this :"Eeeeexit liiiiight!". About the S&M  documentary,it's outstanding.The pre-show and post-show doc's have always  been so much fun. My advice: watch the documentary first and then the  concert. I regret watching the concert first. Don't make my mistake. And  about the memorable moments in my review of the S&M audio CD,I forgot  to add to them Lars' staggeringly fast rolls in "Fuel",  "Master of Puppets", "For Whom the Bell Tolls", and a  lot others. By the way, was it just me, or was James having a blast  performing "The Thing That Should Not Be"? I like it when he  jumps. Also, add to the phenomenal songs, "Battery".  "Devil's Dance" and "Enter Sandman" were also very  cool. By the way,I changed my mind:I think that Hammett's original  "Of Wolf And Man" solo was better than S&M's.(I said the  opposite in my cd review) If you ask me what's THE most memorable moment  of the concert,it's definitely that part of "Of Wolf And Man"  where James says "...so seek the wolf in thyseeeeeeeeeeeelf!"  with the symphony building up.And the best part in this part is Jason's  background scream.What a rush! Bottom line:this is one unbelievable  epic.I can't recommend it higher.     