 What can I say?All I can say is:It's a Van Halen concert!  How do they do it?Is it because everyone of them is an ultimate proffessional is what he does?Is it because they settle for no less than perfection?Or what is it?To  me(and every die-hard Van Halen fan),the answer is simple:it's Van Halen!  And that's enough for us! This might prove to you that Sammy is incredibly  gifted.I think he's much better than Roth. Pros: *The  direction(especially lights and cameras) is to die for.It's one of the  reasons why you could watch this concert a hundred times and not get  bored.Fine job,Mitchell. You too Daniel. *A Sammy Hagar pre-Van Halen  song. *An Alex Van Halen drum solo(with a cute surprise at its end! But I  won't spoil it). *A smashing Michael Athony bass solo! You will never  look at a bass guitar the same way again once you see this part! *AN  EDDIE VAN HALEN SOLO!  This would be enough in itself,and  when you add the other hot solos and songs,you get a masterpiece worth  every cent you'll spend on it.You might never look at a TV screen the same  way again once you see Eddie's breath-taking solo. *It's a "For  Unlawful Carnal Knowledge" tour.That album had some of the best songs  Van Halen ever did(including Man on a Mission,Judgement Day,Poundcake,and  hey,IN 'N' OUT!) *The crowd was really cool and added even more life to  the concert. *Brief interviews with some members of the band before their  solos. *This might sound stupid,but one of the female fans really looks  like Jennifer Love Hewitt. Cons: *The concert doesn't include all the  songs avaliable on the audio productions of the concert.For  instance,Panama,Ain't Talkin' 'bout love and other songs weren't  included,unfortunately. *In 'N' Out doesn't have that ultra cool guitar  opening of the original. The bottomline is this:if you always hear about  someone named Eddie Van Halen,and you hear people say he's the greatest  guitarist ever,buy this DVD.You might not totally agree with them,but you  will definitely see why they say that.If you aren't a Van Halen fan,this  DVD is the perfect start for you. If you are a Van Halen fan,I guess you  could be reading this for any reason,except to make a decision on buying  the concert!     