 ...And arguably the greatest album ever. This album is simply mesmerizing.Stunning. Pros: *Quite simply,the greatest Metallica album of all time. *The songs are AWESOME!Here's a quick take: -"Enter  Sandman":the biggest Metallica song.Listen to it and you'll know  why.Hot Hammett solo.Scary rhythm guitars. -"Sad But True":pure  power stomp.The instruments are so powerful,that you might get disoriented  when you turn on the volume to a high level! -"Holier Than  Thou":one word:AGGRESSIVE!You know what,make it two words:AGGRESSIVE  AND POWERFUL! Fast,furious,powerful,punishing,with hot solos.I don't know  why I have this strong feeling that it's aimed at music  critics. -"The Unforgiven":a new kind of song for  Metallica,since they used orchestral instruments for the first time,if I'm  correctly informed.Heart-breaking song.Hammett's solo makes it even  sadder.A great display of James' song-writing abilities. -"Wherever  I May Roam":an instant classic,this is one of Metallica's finest  songs.Cool opening,excellent lyrics,burning solos(one of Hammett's hottest  solos),this song is pure art. -"Don't Tread on Me":not one of  my favorites(yes,you guessed right:I still listen to this album every  single day),but didn't Metallica have a different point of view about this  issue in "...And Justice For All"? -"Through The  Never":powerful song.Excellent lyrics,cool guitars(especially  James'),strong ending.This one song everyone will love. -"Nothing  Else Matters":is it just me,or is Metallica very close to writing a  love song(I hope not!)?You'll know what I mean when you hear this  song.James' voice was warm,the instruments were amazing(Michael Kamen,the  maestro behind the current Metallica S&M album,worked with them on this  song). -"Of Wolf and Man":probably the most powerful Metallica  song.It's the perfect Metallica song.The opening has to be the most  powerful opening you'll ever hear.This is what this song is all about:pure  power. Great opening,great instruments,great lyrics,great vocals,great  ending and great solos.Everything is great about this song.Sometimes,I find  my self singing the four first guitars,and then continuing with the  drums,by stomping the ground or by punching the noisiest thing around,like  a table or something!That's how obsessed I am with this song.It's virtually  that powerful. -"My Friend of Misery":mediocre. -"The  Struggle Within":old-style-Metallica. *Metallica changed their style  to a better one. Cons: Musically,I can't think of anything. Bottom  line:unless you've been living under a rock for the last ten years,you  already have this album,right?     