 I had every intention of following along with this DVD.  I warmed up.  I stretched out.  I cleared a nice space on the floor.  I even lit some candles and incense to set the mood.  But once I popped in this DVD, all my grand plans went down the toilet.  Too bad, because I really wanted to learn their Yoga Secrets! My first hint that this wasn't going to be basic yoga was the disclaimer before the yoga even starts about how the creators are not liable for any loss in connection with the exercises demonstrated in the DVD.  Yikes!   The men start off by doing partnered handstands and armstands in their "tighty whities".  I spent a large part of my youth doing gymnastics so it was fortunate that I could keep up with this exercise even without a partner.  But not everyone can. They use props such as wooden benches and what looks like a wooden fence of some sort (I guess it's the yoga equivalent of the barre in ballet).  I know lots of people who do yoga but none of them own any of these props.  (Hard to believe that wooden fences are not standard yoga issue these days!) It doesn't take long for the men to shed their underwear.  The men then go on to pick each other up off the floor for some of the positions.  Needless to say, I dropped out early trying to keep up and I just became a spectator for the rest of the exercise. I found the background music to be relaxing.  I also couldn't help but notice that the camera focuses more on the mens' genitals than on the poses they are trying to demonstrate.  Good thing the men happen to be very easy on the eyes. After the 40 minutes of Yoga Secrets were over, I checked out the special features on the DVD.  The "outtakes" were amusing.  Among other things, it shows the men fidgeting and falling out of their handstands and other poses, etc. while the director is yelling out various instructions. I would have given this DVD a higher rating if the yoga demonstrated in the DVD was something that could have been followed more easily by the average person.  But I guess the only people who can keep up with this DVD are a bunch of guys standing near a wooden fence who take off all their clothes and pick each other up off the floor. I'd recommend purchasing this DVD - but only for the entertainment value, not for the yoga instruction.     