 It's New Year's Eve and the characters in all four stories are invited to a ball.  The invitation was sent anonymously with the instructions that no R.S.V.P.'s would be accepted.   Upon arriving at the ball, the women were directed to one table and the men were directed to another table, where each find champagne glasses with ribbons on them (pink for the ladies, blue for the men).  The idea is to select a glass, then find the person who holds the corresponding match for that glass. Bobbi Lerman's Providence: the heroine selects a champagne glass, doubtful that she will find Mr. Right.  Later that evening, while being chased by the police, she has an accident that sends her back in time.  She now has a chance to clear her name, but can she find true love in the process? Pauline Shannon's Honey Clover: a very impressive story where the heroine does not find her match at the ball.  By a total coincidence, she finds the match to her glass weeks later and then begins a relationship with the man who (for a very good reason) was unable to find her at the ball.  After a tragic accident, can the heroine learn about true love and depth of character before it's too late? Jen Safrey's Fate & Firecrackers: the hero and heroine are working at the ball (he is the caterer, she is the band's drummer).  They meet during a break, while outside getting a breath of fresh air.  They introduce themselves and get to know each other a bit, then they have to get back to working the ball.  On their second break, they manage to grab some champagne glasses (the only two left) and they just so happen to match!  They tell each other about their lives and realize that they share more common ideas about love than they ever would have imagined.  Will the magic of the matching glasses be enough to propel them in the right direction? Mary Ann Mangini's Renaissance: the heroine is a forty-five year old, separated woman who has decided that it's finally time to fulfill her dream of going to Italy to study abroad.  She meets a man in a clothing shop and the attraction is mutual.  They spend several weeks together until the heroine must return to the U.S.  She then receives the invitation to the New Year's Ball.  Will her match be the man she expects? The idea of using the champagne glasses to bring the characters together and link each of the four stories is wonderfully refreshing, charming and original.  While characters in each of the four stories attend the ball, each story takes place in a different season - a difficult feat to pull off, but the authors manage to do it quite well. All four authors are to be commended for creating an innovative and engaging story.  I expect great things from these authors in the future.   Great authors, great stories, great cover art.... what's not to love?     