 Without a doubt, Leonard William Levy has produced the finest argument against the doctrine of original intent that I have ever read.  As a liberal working in Washington, DC, I have long been bothered by conservative criticism that our judiciary has been over-run by "judicial activists."  In my attempts to understand the issue, I have read many accounts of what is supposedly wrong with the idea of an "evolutionary constitution," and found them interesting and compelling and was beginning to think that I had made a terrible mistke in terms of my political outlook. Granted, much of that can be accounted for by the fact that the only things I was able to find about "original intent" were written by the likes of Robert Bork and Antonin Scalia, both of whom subscribe to this theory.  But then I discovered Levy's book and found that the theories of Bork et al. were not all they were cracked up to be.   Levy is a Pulitizer Prize winning historian who examines the birth of our Consititution in amazing detail, citing the Constitutional Convention, the Federalist Papers, Anti-Federalist pamphlets, state constitutions and ratifying conventions and presents a clear view of the state of our nation even as if was being formed.  His insight is so far beyond the pseudo-history offered up by Bork and his ilk that it is almost embarrassing to think that men of such intellects could be so sorrily mistaken.  With chapters on the main areas of debate within the Constitution iteself, and others covering the Frist, Fourth, Fifth and Ninth Amendments, Levy gives us a very clear picture of just what has happening at the time the Constitution was being debated and ratified.   The three final chapters are, by far, the most impressive deconstruction of the theory of "original intent" I have ever encountered.  In fact, I would recommend that the reading of these final chapters alone offers up more insight and better arguments than anything else ever written.   While at times the reader can get bogged down in details, it is the fact that Levy knows and includes them all that makes this work so extremely valuable.  The writing is clear and entertaining and Levy has no problem telling those who subscribe to the doctrine of "original inent" that they have "the historical imagination of a toad."   In all, Levy has crafted a solid, insightful and entertaining book that I can not recommend highly enough.     