 This is a difficult book to review, given its topic, namely any and all questions of existence. I discovered this book quite by accident, and after reading the first few pages, felt as if I had stumbled upon something that might finally provide some insight into the philosophical questions that have plagued me all my life. Alas, what I got was lots of good discussion of famous philosophers, but also lots of uninteresting nonsense about the author himself. Granted, this book was an attempt by author to explain his personal journey through philosophy, but underneath it all, it was still an autobiography - and an autobiography about someone I don't know and who didn't seem all that interesting.  My main problem with this book was the paradox unleashed by the author's repeated insistance that people read the works of great philosophers for themselves, and use secondary sources only for further study. Thus, as I was about halfway through this book, I felt torn as to whether I should even bother continuing, as his discussions of Kant, Schopenhauer, and nearly every other famous philosopher, seemed to me to fall directly into the category of secondary sources. Given the little I know about any of these men or their work, I soon began to doubt that reading Mr. Magee's book would serve any further purpose. His subject matter is extremely interesting and important, but it seems to me that the only real hope of ever achieving anything on this level lies solely with the individual. It is up to us individually to read and study these great works and come to our own conclusions in our continuing attempts to make sense of this life. Thus, I felt as if I was wasting my time with this book when I could have been studying those written by the greatest minds in history. Thus, the final paradoxical result of my reading this book was that I have finally taken it upon myself to engage the likes of Kant et al. on a direct level, which I think was the point of MaGee's book all along.     