 I have only one minor question about the works of Ayn Rand, and especially Atlas Shrugged:  Has anybody ever read this book and NOT immediately identified with the heros Gault, Rearden or Taggart?  I, like the majority of others who have read this book, was immediately sucked in by the prospect of comparing myself to John Gault and that desire was intentionally fed by Rand's ability to craft a world so biased and unrealistic that I had no other choice.  Every person I have ever known who has read this book, and judging by the reviews here on Amazon, nearly every person who ever read it, inevtiably finds themselves so much like the heros that it is essentially a life changing experience.  But that fact that EVERYBODY who reads this book comes to the same conclusion, the conclusion that they (the reader) are like John Gault or Dagny Taggart, while the rest of the world is made up of nothing but unproductived, weak-willed saps, seems to me to undermine Rand's basic theory that the world is split into such factions.  Has anybody ever read this book and found themselves relating to the characters who are portrayed as incompetent louts?  No.  Thus, according to Rand and her followers, everybody who sees the heroism and greatness of Gault et al. is a member of that most treasured class simply by the fact that they realize it.  I am willing to bet that most fans of this book would probably be despised by Rand herself who, short of creating the pseudo-philosophy of Objectivism and writing lengthy fictionalized dissertations on it, did little worthwhile in her lifetime and probably deserves to be despised herself.  And so, those who love this book do so because it allows them to pretend they have original thoughts and something to offer this world, when in reality, they have simply stolen someone else's philsophy and attempted to profit from it.  Thus, they are no different than those characters in Rand's books who believe themselves to be making valuable contributions to society though, in reality, they do little but coast along on the genius of John Gault, Hank Rearden or Dagny Taggart.     