 If Bill O'Reilly deserves any accolades, it is for becoming the most influential, yet most uninformed, man on television.  His  show is nothing more than an excuse for him to demonstrate just that fact on a nightly basis, yet it is lapped up by people nationwide who I can only assume are even more uninformed than he is (a possibility I find truly mind-boggling.) Anyway, it is not his show that I take umbrage with, but this piece of claptrap spun as insight.  For a man who prides himself on hosting a "no-spin" zone, O'Reilly sure knows how to play the game.  Aside from the lies about his lower-middle class upbringing and blue collar persona, this book is chock full of blatant distortions and hypocrisies.  His claim that his father never made over $35,000 may be true, but O'Reilly seems to forget to adjust for inflation, which makes that thirty-five grand equal to roughly $90,000 today.  And his used car?  A Lexus.   I won't go into detail and attempt to list every little example of O'Reilly's lies, but I will point out one glaring piece of hypocrisy.  In the chapter entitled "The Job Factor," he relates a tale from his days in Pennsylvania where he locks the clearly claustrophobic late night tv host in a coffin on air, simply because he didn't like him and he thought it would be funny.  Yet, only 5 pages later, O'Reilly sees fit to remind us that "there is never any excuse for not being kind." Apparently I missed something, but tormenting an old man for fun does not seem like a nice thing to do.   O'Reilly "insights" are banal reformulations of what is generally considered common-sense, so why seeing them spelled out in a book written by a total idiot is supposed to make them meaningful is beyond me.  Perhaps the most ridiculous factor of this book are three of the final chapters where O'Reilly decides to settle once and for all the age old questions as to what is good, bad or ridiculous.  If anybody on the face of this earth  finds O'Reilly's love for Santa Clause, The Hardy Boys or Earth, Wind or Fire to be in any way relevant or interesting, they ought to seriously consider psychotherapy (or suicide.)  The only thing I can say about this book is that the sheer surrealism of reading a chapter entitled "The Ridiculous Factor" in perhaps the most ridiculous book of all time could possibly a defining moment in my life.     