 Make sure you know your medieval French literature, because this author is going to plunge right in. Using "Tristan and Iseult", "Lanval", the Arthurian romances, and various RL histories (like the lives of Eleanor of Aquitaine and Blanche of Castile), McCraken seeks to show how views of fidelity and queenship changed in literature over time. Her thesis appears to be that as time went on, queens' power grew and the succession of legitimate heirs became more important, making the queen's fidelity more important. She also hypothesizes that the queen's body was itself a reflection of the king's worthiness to govern -- if the queen cheated on the king, the king's power was put into question. I say "appears to be" because much of the language here is extremely high-flown, dry, and ultra-academic (in the style parodied best by Bill Watterson in his "Calvin" comic strip). I'm from a very scholarly background and extremely well-read in the literature of this period, yet still found the very dense style of writing difficult to follow. I also don't know medieval French, and translations are not always given for McCraken's (numerous and copious) citations. This is a very high-flown academic resource, a very tightly niched work. I don't regret getting it (as those who follow my reviews know, I don't mind owning good niche works), but this book is not a general history, nor is it intended even for the casual student of medieval history. This book is for the serious student of 12th-century French literature. She does support her hypotheses with ample documentation (there is also an excellent bibliography), and definitely has improved my understanding of the literature. Just be ready to do a little work.  One thing should mention especially, being a garb-a-holic, was the book's discussion of clothing. The queens mentioned in the book have various changes of clothes depending on the effect they want to inspire, and the descriptions, taken from what amount to primary sources, are very yummy.     