 Written by noted food historians and with a foreward written by one of the foremost historians of our time, this book is an excellent resource for anybody with an interest in food history.   Like other works, such as Pleyn Delit, the original recipes in their original language are given. Like other cookbooks, this one groups recipes by type (fish, meats, sauces, etc.). Unlike other works, however, this one has an appendix that gives complete lists of each source's recipes, allowing you to see, at a glance, all the recipes taken from a given work. This is, to me, the book's biggest strength. I can access all the recipes taken from the "Libro de arte coquinaria" and "Le Menagier de Paris", for example. There are even some unpublished sources, such a manuscript stored at New York's Pierpont Morgan Library with a couple of recipes of note listed.   The few recipes from this book that I've tried have been stellar--tasty and easy to make, such as the herb soup and the fruit-based meat sauces. Most of it's accessible to regular diners. Some of the recipes sound absolutely mouthwatering--"Summertime Cerulean Blue Sauce", for example, which is colored by blueberries and flavored by ground almonds and ginger, and officially used on meat, but would probably be absolutely delicious on desserts.  Among its other resources, the book also lists mail-order sources for some of the more exotic spices and ingredients, such as the verjuice called for in many recipes. It also has good information about the history of the region, with its foreward and the historical notes on most of the recipes--what dish to serve it with, other recipes it's similar to, and more. Its index is quite complete, also a boon to a history wonk.  I've found this book a tremendous help to my studies, as well as a great cookbook on its own. I would not hesitate to recommend it to anybody. My only complaint is that it isn't longer and more comprehensive. Because it concentrates on two countries, France and Italy, and covers a couple of centuries, its 150-some-odd recipes are, of necessity, a mere sprinkling, a mere tantalizing taste, of a complete look at the cuisine of the time. I'd love these authors to make a complete Italian Renaissance cookbook with hundreds of recipes and way more information, and a second volume for France--each book twice as long as this one.     