 A very scholarly work with tons of references and excellent documentation. It makes its point very well. The problem is that I didn't realize what the point was for a couple chapters. I'm sure most of the problem is that I came into this with very little knowledge of Mithraism or of the societies Ulansey is dealing with. It's clear that the writer is capable and meticulous, and I'm sure this book is a groundbreaker in terms of its theories. It has that feel, for sure. I just need a more general overview of the subject before I can plunge into something this specific. Don't get me wrong -- I'm glad I've got it. I like having "must have" books in my collection. And I love seeing good debunks of popular misperceptions of history -- this book accomplishes that in spades. I just found it very difficult reading. It felt like Ulansey assumed I knew about this or that writer or theory like I'd know how to walk erect and brush my teeth, and I'd never heard of them or their theories -- I'd have liked seeing a little more explanatory material so I wouldn't be struggling so much. It felt like I got dropped into a world of constellations and cosmologies without really an explanation of what it was all about, who got into this religion and why, what purpose it had in society.. but this isn't a general overview of Mithraism. It's a careful examination of ONE aspect of it, and an aspect most people would never have heard of. It does its job excellently and masterfully. But it felt like it was being marketed to a general audience, and it is not a general-audience sort of book. It's a very specialized one. I'd also have liked knowing whatever happened to Mithraism.. it seems like it was assimilated into some army or other and then just vanished, without a trace. But this is definitely a book to have if you are a history lover. I give it 3 stars for the general history reader's benefit. This book, as fascinating and as scholarly as it is, is not really for the reader who's never heard of Mithraism.     