 This author loves children. She tells us so any number of times, as if that somehow qualifies her to write about motherhood. She is a prime example of what child-free people call "the breeder mentality", so stuffed with the word "entitled" she overflows with it, and completely condedescending and supercilious toward any different mindset -- particularly the child-free one. Men will find her assertions regarding husband-hunting in time to breed bone-chilling, particularly in light of today's divorce rates (something else she doesn't really cover). Myself, I approached this book with a little hesitation, because I am child-free and proud of it. I read it with an increasing amount of anger and disdain. What's sad is that the writer actually has an interesting thing to say -- that women in the highest-paying jobs are having a major problem juggling work and home life, and in the middle of their stressful lives, frequently end up "forgetting" to have kids. She says some important things about fertility and how assisted-fertility treatments like IVF aren't the saviors that ignorant young women think they are. She says good things about the importance of making choices early on that will allow one flexibility to pursue life dreams later. Those are important things, but to get to them, you have to wade through pages and pages of pity, self-loathing, and delusion. She dismisses the child-free movement as a "mini-movement", conveniently forgetting that 14% of her female respondents, and 13% of the respondents' partners, are child-free and do not even want children. She is shocked that the child-free resent parents having the perks they do, when, according to her, any fool can see that parents don't have ENOUGH perks (what planet is she on? Do ALL parents believe that the child-free exist to pick up their slack?). What is worse, when she does interview a man who tried to have it all and now regrets that he could not spend more time with his 3 daughters, her response is "Let's get real. At least he has children." I hope that father sees this and realizes that not everybody has such misguided priorities, or is so callous. She buys into the claptrap about a woman's "highest function" being breeding, and even lets these high-powered executive women rattle on and on about how despite their incredible careers, dizzying salaries, and fantastic lifestyles, they're really just walking wombs. No mention is made of the destructiveness of self-pity and regret... no, these women are, indeed, poor little victims of the horrible workaday culture that forced them at gunpoint to work 70-hour weeks. The way I see it, she glosses completely over one of the most important clues she's got: That the workplace needs to be fair for EVERYBODY. That NOBODY has a premium on "deserving" more free time -- not mothers, not fathers, not the child-free, nobody. She's completely missed that point, and because she has, she won't get anywhere with her little entitlement scheme. What she suggests is unfair, and we know it.   I'd skip this one, unless you happen to be a similarly-minded entitlement drone.. in which case I've no doubt you'll love it.     