 Taking as its general guide the fairy tale "The Snow Queen", wherein a brave little girl rescues her childhood friend from the cold-hearted titular queen, the novel forms a fantastic journey that only minimally resembles the fairy tale -- yet has surprising similarities. Those who love space opera will not be disappointed here. The scope is grand and awe-inspiring, reminiscent of Asimov's great Empire. The characters are richly drawn and complex, with even the "bad guys" having understandable motivations.  The Snow Queen, Arienrhod, is desperately trying to keep her planet from losing its technological momentum as the planet moves away from the wormhole that connects it to the Empire for only 150 years at a time, which will bring about a long period of isolation. She is devious, artful, and wicked, and yet her general thrust isn't evil. She seems quite realistic to me. She spawns a clone, hoping that clone will be an exact duplicate of herself (in a merciless characterization that shows that the Queen may be devious, but she still doesn't know beans about the technology she's after). Moon, the clone, grows up with her lover and cousin, Sparks, but the two are separated, with Moon illegally leaving the planet and Sparks becoming the lover of the Snow Queen. Moon endures much hardship to get back to Sparks and win him back from her "mother", and she learns some interesting things about her planet and her people along the way. Vinge has come up with a believable mix of sf and fantasy. There are some cliches here (such as the "Old Empire" that seems to figure into EVERY grand epic), but they work within the context Vinge has created. Vinge has a gift for dialog and narrative that has rarely been duplicated, and quite a good hand as a storyteller. Her stories move without making you aware that you're BEING moved to her chosen destination. And oh my goodness, if I *ever* come up with a backstory half as cool as what Vinge has created for Carbuncle, I'll be happy to let you know about it. Very clever. And very thought-provoking. Vinge has created a series that actually *says* something. That's quite an achievement.     