 It seems that most people agonize over the H1 or the S2.  Let me give you some reasons to go for the Sony instead.  1. The lens cap.  I can't believe that Canon isn't embarrassed to put out such a bad lens cap.  Everyone brags about the Canon product but you'd think they put a little more thought into something so fundamental.  Not only does the Canon one fall off, it doesn't even fit the lens.  It's like it was an after thought.  A lot of reviewers came up with creative ideas on how to keep it on but then they go on to remind you to take it off before you power up the camera, otherwise you can hurt the lens. The Sony cap stays put, has a strap and is integrated into the camera. If you power it up with the cap on it tells you to remove the cap.  I know its a little thing but sometimes it's the small details that make something easy.  And protecting the guts of your camera should be first and foremost, at least in my opinion.  2. There is much more in the box.  The batteries are rechargables and it comes with a charger.  The Canon only gives you alkalines and no charger.  It has more internal memory-double in fact.  Both are bad in this regard but at least in a tight jam you can get double the amount of pictures out of it.  You also get a lens hood.  More bang for the buck is always welcome at my home.  3.  Much larger LCD screen.  Forgive the analogy but once you've gone big you can't go back.  The S2 screen seems puny compared to the H1.  Yes I know the Canon swivels but I rather be able to compose and review my shots easier.  There is nothing worse than going home only to find out it's very fuzzy, unusable but you couldn't tell because the image was so small.  Once the moment is gone the moment is gone.  Which leads me to....  4.  The H1 doesn't have the red eye problem that the Canon does (although this feature hasn't been perfect for me either) and it doesn't have the noise at higher ISO's that the Canon does.  And after all aren't we buying a camera for the great pictures?  Who wants to post process?  I want to print and be done with it.  5.  The H1 feels like an expensive camera.  The S2 feels like cheap plastic.  Plus I really hated the power switch on the S2.  Just my personal preference...  6.  Again Sony proves to me why they were worthy of my dollars.  They gave the H1 a pop up flash.  In the Canon you have to manually lift it.  What kind of nonsense is that?  You pay $400.00 for a camera and it doesn't have a pop up flash?  How many shots are you gonna miss because you forgot to lift up that puppy?  To me it seems elementary to have a pop up flash.  They spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on R&D and don't come up with a lens cap that stays on and a pop up flash.  It seems skimpy to me.   However there are a few features that the Canon has that I wish the Sony did.    1.  Zoom during movies.  The Sony can't do this the Canon can.  This almost made me get the Canon but after handling them in the store even this great function couldn't win me over totally.  2.  Better burst speed.  I don't think I will be using this function often but nothing is wrong with speed.  If better burst is high on your list you might want to rethink the Sony.  The fact that the Canon can keep going till your card is filled up however isn't really a big plus.  Who wants to fill a 1 gig card with one push of the shutter button?  The amount of shots the Sony gives you is more than enough for the average parent.  3.  The Canon "my colors" software seems like fun and I wish it were an option on the H1 but again it wasn't enough to push me toward the Canon.  I've had the Sony for a week now and my pictures have been fantastic.  I've also learned all the buttons and features that the camera has-its pretty easy-just read the manual slowly and practice as you read it.       