 My 7 year old son and I were in a store where they had a demo set up of the eye link communicators.  I thought they were super cool my 7 year old not so.  It turns out the reason was two fold.  First off most 7 year olds are not great spellers and secondly they are not great typers.  I figured that's the perfect reason to get them.  It reinforces where the letters are on a keyboard and will help with the spelling.  So I went out and got it for the holidays anyhow.  Well in the 2 months since we saw them his spelling has improved greatly and he was ready to step up to the challenge.  We played with them and they worked well.  Set up for an adult as well as a child was easy and learning to adjust the eyepiece so it looks like its "floating" took very little practice.  A few times we needed to "reset' one of the communicators but it's just a push of a button with a small point (pen or paperclip will do nicely).  The few "problems" we had were clearly explained as sometimes the normal operation and would dissipate within a few minutes (and it did).  The one thing you have to get used to is the eye piece will go black if not used for a while but this does not mean it has shut off.  As soon as someone sends you a message or you type a message it will turn back on.  I kept restarting when in fact I didn't have to.  It also means that you must manually shut off each communicator if you are going to conserve the batteries (3 triple A's for each communicator).  Fun, way cool looking and educational-can it get any better.  Yes it can.  They are not flimsy by any stretch of the imagination however; they still need to be handled with delicacy.  If you accidentally pull the wire it can break.  These are not the type of toy that can be left on a floor and stepped over (or on).  They are just too delicate for that but normal wear and tear from the average kid should be fine.  A little gentle reminder every so often should go a long way in preserving these for a while.  If your child is spy crazy like mine these are a must have.     