 Let me just say that I love the Temptin' Temptations.  I am 19 years old, but my parents are old enough to remember the good old days...so they were my exposure.  The Tempts I would have loved to see are no longer here (RIP Eddie J. Kendrick, Paul Williams, and David Ruffin).  So I have relied on videos, books, etc.    This movie is a good place to start.  The music is great, for one.  Kudos to Terron Brooks, Christian Payton, for not only their portrayals of Eddie and Paul, but for being able to sing their own parts!! Excellent!!  And what can I say about Leon?  He really put on a show as Ruff!!!  KUDOS!!    My only gripes w/this film were the inaccuracies.  I know for brevity's sake, you can't include all.  But, the way I see it, if you can find the time to make something up, surely you can find the time to include truth.  The scene where Al got put out of the group:  history remembers that scene happening differently.  I feel the movie should not have switched it.  If you research after watching the film, you will see that the situation would have ended the same way in history that they made it happen in the movie.  Al would have still hit Paul w/the bottle and would have been thrown out of the group.  It made Al seem lazy ( I don't know, maybe he was).  But on that particular day, it was Paul.  I also have to wonder why Otis' vices were not as known in the movie as others.  We saw Al drunk once, Paul's alcoholism and "suicide", David's drug problem, they didn't do Eddie right at all, but all we saw of Otis' was him getting off of the bus w/the Flo Ballard character.  He and Josephine never flat out had a discussion about it.  His vice was women, so why weren't we privy to that?  You would have thought he was the Pope after watching the movie.    I'm starting to realize that I like it more for the music than anything else. Of course, when I saw it the first time, I felt it was biased, but after some research, watching videos, reading, listening, etc., I am becoming more and more perturbed by it. I know you're not supposed to take everything w/a grain of salt, but come on! Geez!!  A few things that angered me was(1)The scene at Ruff's apt: let's be real. Maybe DR had developed a bit of an ego trip, but let's not make it seem so completely unreasonable to why he would wonder why the group's name wouldn't change. I'm NOT saying I agreed with him, but can you really fault him for wondering or for assuming? A certain diva's group got a name change, Smokey and the Miracles, Martha and the Vandellas, etc. I just don't feel like something like this would make him the Devil Incarnate or a problem needing to be rectified. Or at least not the way it was portrayed. (2)Maybe it's just me, but when ppl subtlely(sp?) make themselves look like Patron Saints, I tend to think they're not. Otis being the one to talk to Gordy, or telling ppl to vote David out, blah, blah, blah...sorry, but I don't buy it. Otis, the one DESTINED to hold it together.  Please.  Seems to me, he was the only one (w/Melvin in tow) who seemed to want to kiss the rear of Berry. (3)The scene where Ruff comes onstage: now, according to Dennis, Ruff knew he would be the replacement and encouraged him to do it (which also leads me to believe that his dismissal was so overdramatic). Anyway, back to my point, Dennis and David were cool, so I highly doubt that Dennis would have called him an "M-Fer." I mean,really, if I caught it, then editing should have caught it. (4)What the HEEZY was up w/the interpretations of the different guys? Who was in charge of telling them how to act? What I mean is, why do they make the fellas seem so wimpy and passive? Mel, throughout the whole movie, seems like either a mama's boy or Otis' right hip. Was he really like that? He just didn't seem to stand on his own. I didn't like that. Same w/Eddie J. Now, many people will tell you that while he was a gentleman and all, he would tell you what he thought. He didn't believe in kissing ***. I'm not saying show Eddie telling all these people where to go, but they didn't have to make him so passive. (5)Now, I know Suzanne DePasse was over this movie, but couldn't she have added a certain realism to the movie and showed what a cutthroat Gordy was? The way they showed BG was too nice and too fake. (6)Now O, were you really there when Ruffin died? I absolutely HATE IT when people interpret what the last days of someone was like. Especially when they probably weren't on the best of terms. It was Dennis and Eddie who were concerned about where Ruffin was and who he was very close to those last years. I could have done w/o him being thrown out of the car. I read somwhere back in '98 that Ruffin's family contested the production of the movie due to the nature of the portrayal. (7)How does the movie manage to fit Paul's death into a seven-minute plus song, David's demise into a series of scenes, Mel's death into a last touching scene w/his mom and best friend...and Eddie's into TWO FREAKIN' SENTENCES??!!! That is so low. Unbelievable even. I just have to ask why? Now some say that b/c Otis probably didn't have much say over the script, but if allegedly, there was forgiveness on both parts at the end of Ed's life, wouldn't it have been good for O to fight for there to be more on Eddie's passing? Two sentences does not cut it. As a matter of fact, if you blink or sneeze, be assured that you WILL miss it.    Mama Rose: "What was it that got Eddie?"  The worst and most inconcievable line in any movie I've seen in a while.  Awful.  It makes me wonder if fences were really mended btwn EJK and O like he says in his updated chapter.    What it boils down to is my thinking that if they were using O's book, he would have more say, or at least fight for more, in what came across the screen. I would have liked to have seen more good times btwn the guys...more scenes like the New Year's dinner scene. Show us how they bonded outside of the music. The Motown cookout doesn't count. These guys didn't get so close just talking about music and riding on tour buses, etc.   I just feel like more positivity or more truth, could have been injected in the scenes. I mean, are ratings really EVERYTHING?   But it is good for the music and things like that.  It's fun seeing and figuring out who the other actors are supposed to be.  They did, however, accurately make the Martha Reeves character a secretary.    Oh, btw, I really don't recommend the VHS version UNLESS you order it from NBC.  The video cuts out enough scenes to make you mad.  Spring for the DVD.  You'll thank yourself.     