 I am suffering from a SEVERE case of insomnia, so I decided to write a review.  I give this cd 1 star in order to represent the ONE song that I like.  And in order to give you an even clearer idea of what I think about this cd, I saved it to my Real Player on my laptop and ended up deleting the majority of the songs!!! I gave a "soapbox" review of Beyonce a while back, but now I am ready to say what I think of the cd.  1.Crazy In Love - (featuring Jay-Z)---most ANNOYING song of the summer!!!  Gosh, hearing this song on the radio while driving is NOT a good thing.  Wasn't feeling the Bonnie & Clyde song, so it's no surprise to me that I feel the same way about this one.  And if I see ONE more person do that rumpshakin' dance...This song doesn't get as much airplay, but when that rare occasion rears it's ugly head, it is not a good thing.  2.Naughty Girl---I have NO clue as to what this song sounds like 3.Baby Boy - (featuring Sean Paul)---another overplayed song.  Granted, I do like this better than Crazy in Love, but it still isn't hot.  Just an example of taking a concept that's hot at the moment (Sean Paul) and running it into the ground.  4.Hip Hop Star - (featuring Big Boi/Sleepy Brown)---the first time I heard this song, I was in my friend's car and I promise  you  I couldn't even hear the words.  All I was thinking was "what is this annoying crap ?(cuz I don't curse, lol)" This song drags on and on 5.Be With You--Is this the one that sounds like that Bow Wow song? 6.Me, Myself And I--I liked this song when it first came out, but then it fell victim to too much airplay.   And then it died a painful death with me with the video!!  That video COMPLETELY ruined this song for me.  If it is on Midnight Love, I cannot face the tv.  Yes, in order to appreciate the song, I have to not be looking at Beyonce flailing about with a bad wig and that awful green dress and black dress beating up that guy (which is SO obviously assault).  7.Yes---THIS IS THE ONLY SONG ON THE CD I LIKE!!!!  Yes is an ok song.  Not really sure what she said "yes" and "no" too, but I guess it can mean a variety of things.  The lyrics are ok, but typical.  Again, the only song I like.  8.Signs - (featuring Missy Elliott)--filler..that whole speaking in tongues thing is horrible 9.Speechless--can't listen to this 10.That's How You Like It - (featuring Jay-Z)---"That's how you like it, huh?"  Do they even say anything else in this song? 11.Closer I Get To You, The - (with Luther Vandross)--She's way too young to be singing this song with Luther.  I don't hear any vocal chemistry between the two of them. That is my opinion, and I am sticking to it.  Listening to this song leaves me very uneasy.  12.Dangerously In Love 2--This song was ok until my friend informed me that this is a DC song that she took and didn't even really remake.  This song is obviously filler.  13.Beyonce Interlude--never listened to it.  14.Gift From Virgo---never listened to it.  15.Daddy - (hidden track)---CREEPS ME THE HECK OUT!!! OK, this is my review.  I actually got this cd over Christmas.  I burned a copy from my best friend's BURNED copy, LOL.  This cd is easily forgettable and I don't expect her sophomore effort to be any better (worse?).  Don't believe The Hype.  If you do fall victim to The Hype, get "The Diary of Alicia Keys." Which brings me to my final point:  How in the HEEZY is a tour with B, A Keys, and Missy E gonna work?  3 different artists.  I know, me personally, I would only go to see Alicia.  And even then, I probably wouldn't buy a ticket b/c I don't want to see Missy and B.  Beyonce's cd is full of filler slow songs that all sound alike, so I'm wondering what her stage show will be like. I wouldn't be surprised if she sang a bunch of DC songs.   OK OK OK, last point: Did anybody really expect her to NOT win at the Grammy's?  The Grammy's are a joke, and this is proven by the sheer fact that that ignoramus 50 Cent was even nominated.   OK, I'm done.  Either skip this cd or burn it!!!     