 I have read this book one time, but I'm reading it again to see if I missed something.  I'm not really sure how to take this book.  I will say this though, it's a quick read. I know as with all books about other people, you can't really believe everything, but somethings I HAVE to mention and question. 1)If he was 12 when he started travelling w/Motown, why would his mother let him travel with all these grown folk? I'm confused by this. From what I've read, it's not like he had any type of family connection to any of them or anything. And he was definitely not in the same boat as Stevie. I don't think I would have let my kid travel w/these adults (who were still very young themselves) and really trust them to watch out for him. Nope.  2)I'm not understanding why his choice of lifestyle has to color the pages of the book. I wonder if it is really necessary. As far as I can see, it doesn't add to the book. IMO. And some of the suggestions he's making do not sit well with me. I just have to ask why. 3)I haven't read anywhere HOW he ended up managing Mary first, and then ending up w/the guys. In Mary's books, she only mentions him once, total. Unless I skipped over, but I'm positive I didn't. And what she said about him wasn't even significant or anything. And the same w/the guys. I haven't read where he said how he ended up managing them or whatever it was he did.  4)And finally, for now anyways, for all the traveling that he did with the guys, there aren't any pictures in the book w/him and the guys. There is one w/him and Den, but not w/Eddie and David. And a lot of the pics of the guys are someone else's pictures. I'm curious about this. 5)In the book, he mentions about when David was replaced. He says that the Tempts were sneaking Dennis in and he gives the impression that David didn't even know Dennis. But if you let Dennis tell it, see the Street Gold tape, David and Dennis talked about it before he got the call. So, I can't help but wonder how close to certain situations Turner really was. Of course he wasn't privy to this particular incident, but this is completely different from what Dennis said. A lot of his book reads as gossip, and truthfully, there are only so many times I could hear him call himself "Diva" and other such names, and hear others call him "Baby and the b-word" before I quit taking him seriously.  It was definitely a bit much.   Also, unlike Martha Reeves or Mary Wilson, I am not understanding why he feels the need to grind an ax.  He wasn't burned or anything by Motown, so most of what he says about others (i.e. Diana Ross) is from hearsay or what he's been told.  I mean, really, Mary can attest to Diana's actions because it happened to her!  Not this guy! I don't feel like he honored the memories of the great Eddie Kendrick (my favorite), David Ruffin, or even the still living Dennis Edwards.  In the preface, he mentions how they told him to keep the family secrets secrets.( it's in there).  So I'm inclined to believe that this was more for personal gain than anything else. I've read better books, and the main thing that this one has going for it is that it's a quick read.  Pick it up from your local library, and DON'T U DARE pay ... for a used one!!     