 So High, Refuge, It Don't Have to Change, Stay With You, and Used to Love U are the best on this album for me. I'm actually beginning to feel Number One, I Can Change, Alright, She Don't Have to Know (of course I would never behave this way, but the beat and the flow are both good). I DEFINTELY believe that Ordinary People is going to get PLAYED TO DEATH on the radio and join the status of overrated songs.  His voice is very nice, but it doesn't stand out from anyone else I've heard.  Whomever said he sounds like Carl Thomas was thinking the same thing I did when I first really listened to Ordinary People on the radio. However, I do find myself singing the songs as I'm walking or just doing other stuff.  It was also good to hear him playing the piano.  I have so much respect for true musicians (the piano is no easy task!) who do not simply rely on the mixing board and all of that fancy equipment.  If you can do more than just dance around a stage, you are good with me!  The piano accompaniment (sp?) to Used to Love U is so amazingly subtle that unless you know music, you'll pay it no attention. I used to play in a classical band, so I always look for the subtle things that can "make" a song. I had no idea he was on Ms. Hill's Everything is Everything.  Great song!    I do agree that the album can be divided into two parts: the Hip-hop laced half and the Soul-laced half.  The first half is probably more hip hop-like with Kanye rapping and talking about male genitalia. The first half features the songs that are just enough to reach out to the MTV faithfuls. I am convinced that Kanye is the new Diddy: rapping in songs where he really doesn't belong and inappropriate and corny lyrics.   I'm a soul person at heart, so this album is a good mix of soul and R&B for me. Hopefully he will only continue to hone his talents and not go in the opposite direction and sell out. Oh, and I hope all of this praise doesn't jinx Legend...this album is good but before we put it on classic status, let him put out another album and prove himself a little more.   BTW, just bought his live cd from www.johnlegend.com.  I am a SUCKER for live albums!  As a matter of fact, I'm in NC, but I'm thinking of going home in April to MD to see him with Alicia Keys.    BTW, I have edited this review about six times.  It just gets better and better for me.      