 This movie epitomizes every reason why I am beginning to hate Hollywood.  They all live in a fantasy world where the plot of this movie makes sense and is acceptable.  This movie is one of the crappiest pieces of dog mess that I have ever had the displeasure of watching.    Let's forget the overacting for a minute.  No, let's not.  That scene in the beginning Sean Penn crying and being restrained by the cops did not, and I repeat DID NOT qualify as Oscar material.  I laughed at it.  This movie was completely over the top.  O, did I mention that I fell asleep the first time?    Anyways, I'm not going to say that this had potential b/c to give it potential would be to scrap this entire script.  Nothing in it makes sense.  I am truly fighting the urge to spoil it (well, some reviewers already did). I just want to say this: I thought it was very traitorous how Celeste sold out Dave to Jimmy. ESPECIALLY since she didn't even know for sure if he killed Katie.  And then at the end, she's concerned when he goes missing.  Well duh!  You sold your husband and your son's father out to a known convict.  Also, it sickened me how they set Dave up.  I'm really mad how Jimmy lied to him and made him think that if he said he did it, he'd live.  Dave didn't even die with dignity. Geez. And somehow we're supposed to cheer Jimmy on for "serving justice."  He should be locked up and the key to his cell should be thrown in the Mystic!  And then at the end when Kevin Bacon finds out that Jimmy offed Dave. Does nothing about it.  We are treated to a phone call by his wife that served no relevance to the movie.  Give me a break.  A man just died and we are served to smiles and happy times by all characters involved in an ending coverup.  Celeste at the end deserved what she got, but not Dave's son (who was on the float upset b/c his dad wasn't there).    Unfreakin' believable that Sean Penn kills Dave, goes home and tells his wife, and then she appeases this murderer by saying he did what he had to do and it's ok if he wants to do it again.  And then we are treated to a tasteless shot of her getting ready to satisfy him.  Utter trash.  I hate movies like this and I hate Hollywood for thinking we are so stupid to enjoy this drivel and believe that this is how the world should be.  Gee, that thinking cost yall the '04 election, didn't it?  Nuff said.       