 Dune House Harkonnen This is a book that is all about the World of "Dune". It is set in a place in time before the award winning Dune Series written by Frank Herbert. This book takes place between the prequels House Atreides and House Corrino. The story starts on the Planet Arrakis (a.k.a. "Dune"). Liet Kynes is son of Pardot Kynes, a person The Fremen consider a prophet. (The  "Umma").  The Fremen are a rebel like force on the planet.  They use guerilla tactics, their culture includes centuries of religious mythology, and they hide from their enemies in caves in the desert. (Why does this sound familiar?)  The book is broken up into short chapters that take the reader from planet to planet.  There is some connection between all of the characters, but some of the end game seems to be left out, perhaps to be played out in the next prequel. Gurney Halleck is on Giedi Prime and looses his sister Bheth to the Harkonnen troops, only to find her and loose her again.  Later he manages coincidentally to find himself on Caladan, the planet ruled now by Leto Atreides since the assignation of his father. Duncan Idaho, who also has found his way to Caladan, then goes to Swordmaster School on the planet Ginaz. For all the drawn-out build up about the discipline and skill of the Swordmasters, I was happy to see that the Swordmasters, no matter how brave or resolute with a sword, are easily taken out with more modern weapons. The cause of Baron Harkonnen's poor health is revealed and the highly trained Bene Gesserit sisters ("only total perfection is enough") have something to do with it. Too frequently we find ourselves in a soap opera back on Caladan where Duke Leto lives in a castle, is married to Kailena, sleeps with Jessica, and does pretty much what he pleases on an idealistic planet. Kailena and Prince Rhombur (exiled from planet Ix) mostly stew about their problems. I was glad to see in the end that Kailena did something, even if it was stupid and evil. The invaders of Ix (Taleilaxu) have been contracted by the evil empire to develop an artificial "spice" that could upset the order of the universe, if they can only produce it. C'tair, a member of the underground resistance on Ix, communicates somehow (mechanically aided mental telepathy?) with his brother D'murr who is a guild navigator. C'tair has some narrow escapes and in the end plants a bomb that does some real damage to the research aimed at synthesizing the artificial "spice". Liet and his friend Warrick find a smugglers cave on Arrakis and there is the exiled Dominic Vernius, previous ruler of Ix.   Faroula, the object of both Liet and Warrick's affection must be won by a ritual that in the end puts Liet and Warrick in a "which one of us will die" dilemma. Rabban is Abulurd Harkonnen's ignoble son and just when good seems to triumph over evil (Abulurd plays Robin Hood and with Rabban's spice cache) Rabban returns and takes the ultimate revenge.  In the end Leto's son and Prince Rhombur are caught in a disaster on Caladan and Leto hires a Suk doctor to put Rhombur back together again.  The theme (at least one of them) seems to be that the evil empire, like the Roman Empire, will fall and good will win out over evil. However, that will take some time. Creating a vision of the universe prior to the famous "Dune" series is a formidable challenge and Brian Herbert and Kevin Anderson have done an elegant job of keeping the tapestry together. A "must read" for all Dune fans.     