 When I read the Da Vinci Code (DVC) my curiosity ran high.  That, of course, was the fun of the book.  Brown's style of writing and weaving of mystery and history was marvelous.  After reading it, like many people, I wanted to know how much was fact and how much fiction.  Bart Ehrman treats that very subject in his book called Truth and Fiction in The Da Vinci Code.  He also does much more. I learned much more about the bibles and became more interested in scripture than I would have imagined.  Ehrman is an authority and try as I might I was unable to find logical fallacies or apparent bias on his part.  He admits that Dan Brown was writing a fiction novel, but he takes exception to the fact that Brown didn't get all of the history correct, especially when it would not have impacted on the story Brown was telling.  In the introduction Ehrman lists ten  "factual errors" in the Da Vinci Code and much of the book is devoted to exposing these "errors". Ehrman says that there is a natural tendency for some people to want to question what is generally accepted, but historians need to determine what is most probable.   He admits that historians have only the written record to go on, and can never "prove" anything. History is only what we read and if we compare various historical documents from various sources and they are consistent we must consider that the best evidence available. He also points out how the Hebrew bible and the Christian bible have changed over the years since originally written.  Only some original writings have been incorporated into what we now see published as the bible, and many of the gospel stories have been significantly changed.   There were many factions that produced lots of documents about Christ in early times and some were at odds with each other.  I especially liked reading about the Dead Sea Scrolls, the Q document, The Gnostic bible, and Constantine's role in changing the bible.  Ehrman spends some time in the introduction explaining his motivation.  He says he wants to set the record straight so people are not mislead by Brown's book.  My conclusion is that Erman's book is good.  Since the DVC was obviously a fiction to begin with, I think it was interesting, but not very important that Ehrman exposed the "factual errors" in the DVC. What I liked most is Ehrman's description of how historians work and what we know and don't know about how the bible was compiled.      