 This is a prequel to the original DUNE Chronicles, unquestionably one of the great science fiction stories of the century. Dune House Atreides is a lively blend of adventure and intrigue woven into a stunning embroidery of the Great Houses of the Emporium. It is set in a time before that of the original Dune novels. The authors take you on a journey from planet to planet, character to character and bring them all together in a lively ending. Dune fans will find the history fascinating and some characters familiar. Newcomers to Dune stories will get a taste of what we all so much enjoyed in the original chronicles. Sparkling descriptions of the environments of very different places and narrative portraits of some penetrating characters will keep your interest. A few of the characters are Elrood IX, ruler of the known universe, Baron Vladimar Harkonnen, Governor of Planet Arrakis, Pardot Kynes, Planetologist, Duke Paulus Atreides, ruler of the planet Caladan, and his son the young Duke Lito. The Baron Vladimar Harkonnen hunts people including a child named Duncan Idaho who eludes him. The young Duke finds himself in charge of his house at an early age. The Emperor Elrood's son Shaddam and his degenerate friend Hasimar Fenring are scheming evil plots. Meanwhile Pardot Kynes is discovering the ecosystems and native culture on Arrakis (a planet also known as Dune). In the mix are the Mentats (humans with computer like minds), the crafty Bene Gesserit witches, and the dirty Tleilaxu. The Spacing Guild has a monopoly on space travel. The CHOAM is a commercial organization controlling the all important spice melange (noted mainly for its geriatric qualities). Plots within plots, dark secrets and a few romances kept my interest for all of the 600 or so pages. I found this refreshingly well written and fluid. You will hate the bad guys and love the heroes. This book will leave you wanting more of the same and rumor has it Herbert and Anderson have at least a couple more Dune prequels coming out soon.     