 easily one of the very greatest british bands to never make much of an impression in commercial terms in america. it is difficult to express just how great and  rather unique music in a doll's house is, NOT TO MENTION  ROGER CHAPMAN'S EXTREMELY DISTINCTIVE VOCALS!. believe me this band is  among the most distinctive and original ensembles you are likely to come  across. for me it is in a class with are you experienced? led zeppelin 1  and moby grape as far as debuts of the period go. family were incredibly  versatile excelling at everything from soft ballads (the breeze, mellowing  grey) to powerful, hard, acid tinged collages like peace of mind and the  voyage, to  and everything in between . simply put, every track is a  classic.family entertainment isnt quite of the same caliber, but it is a  fine disc in its own right with several brilliant tunes like hung up down,  how hi the li, emotions and observations from a hill, to name a few. unlike  some of their contemporaries , family were remarkably unpretentious, this  makes both records very fresh, listenable and impressive today.the early  extra single included on this is another treat, especially the a side,  scene through the eye of a lens which should please fans of british psych,  its in a category with the pretty things defecting grey, arnold layne by  pink floyd, i can hear the grass grow by the move, paper sun by traffic,  and tomorrow and the idle race as great early english psychedelia. i also  recommend the 2 cd anthology of their later work that has just come out.  this features strong material as well, particularly some of the material  from a song for me ( drowned in wine is GREAT!), and good news bad news ,  which you may have heard in the recent 1970 isle of wight documentary. i  think the band slipped somewhat after the anyway album of 1970 , though for  example, i do think my friend the sun is brilliant. you get good value out  of your family cds , they will be listened to over and over.i strongly  recommend this release as i feel the first two family albums, in particular  the debut, are classics and essential for any comprehensive fan of pop/60s  early 70s rock/acid/etc.     