   The Street Dogs avoid a sophomore slump with this release. In some ways, it's a similar album to the debut: however, if anything, the lyrics in particular have improved. Not that they were lacking on the 1st record, in fact they were rather deep at times, as opposed to much punk music, which can often cover the same old ground ad nauseam. Some of the anger that one often associates with the genre is certainly apparent, but the Street Dogs are not a band that limits itself to one or two emotions. In addition, the Street Dogs are simply a band that is hard to stylistically pin down. This is not a mere "by the numbers" punk band, they are  also influenced by other music of various types and eras, particularly folk and country, and it strikes me that the band refuses to take a doctrinaire approach in the composition of its music. The band are competent, even quite good, musicians, and I also get the impression that they are not adherents of what I like to call "the more musically incompetent you are the better you are school." this idea simply ruins some punk music. there is no reason to necessarily be overly simplistic lyrically and instrumentally in order to have a solid recording. the playing on this album is as stellar as the first, perhaps even more so.  in terms of the actual words of the songs, there is much here that indeed is familiar. working- class issues,  descriptions of the Boston neighborhood that the writer grew up in, and the effects of substance abuse are there. the singer's socio-political concerns have widened in the brilliant " tale of mass deception." this social awareness tune , i must admit, kind of surprised me. i would have previously pegged the band as, aside from class and economic matters, a relatively apolitical group.  the band deals with a complicated situation and the questions that arise from controversial current political affairs deftly. that i agree with the song's point of view regarding  the current administartion does indeed, i admit, perhaps increase my appreciation of the song. being a "leaning to the left person" there isn't anything here lyrically that i would question.  however, i also feel that the band indeed deserves a heap of praise for bravely taking a concrete position on this fiasco that might perhaps alienate some of their fans who don't agree with the band's interpretation of the damaging and greed- fueled policy being pursued by the republicans ( my opinion). but then again,  as for challenging assumptions and offering well thought out opinions, that's what a committed and interesting lyricist should do, isn't it?   another song that i would like to comment on is " in defense of dorchester." in this song , lyricist/ vocalist mike mccolgan makes a spirited defense of the section of his hometown that he hails from. what's my take on this? in truth, there really is a lot of disdain and smug condescension hurled at such neighborhoods by academics, intellectuals, and the like. i am currently finishing up a master's program, have friends who are musicians, artists, writers and such, and i must say that in such circles the local "regular guy," if you will, is often considered to be a boor, a phillistine, a boogeyman. some of  these leftists (not all of course) in fact do spout well- meaning and rosy tributes to the working class and what not- until they see what the local working class is actually like and how they live, their attitudes, culture, etc. what i like about mccolgan's lyrics is that he is able to vigorously defend his background and values without being nasty, ignorant or too one- sided about it. after all..it is a two sided coin. it would be just as easy to write a song attacking the neighborhood, or your neighborhood, or mine.. let's be frank- the reverse is indeed also unfortunately often true- there is, of course, quite a bit of ignorance, conformity, rudeness, lack of imagination, bigotry, etc. in such neighborhoods. i know this personally as well as anyone. but then again there are such troubling things all over the world. mccolgan's defense of the neighborhood is thus honest and admirable.  the lyrics, as i mentioned before, are an improvement over the already accomplished lyrics of the savin hill album. i'm really impressed with mcolgan's lyrical leap. he may very well develop even further as a penetrating, occasionally humorous, moving, and effective wordsmith.the street dogs are simultaneously a  solidly punk outfit with firm credentials that also refuse to be trapped in a sort of prison by being confined strictly to the punk category without acknowledging influence from various other musical sources. i'm not going to lie, you've probably already detected that i'm not really a big punk afficionado. while i like some of it, for me, the greatest era of rock was unquestionably the 1966-1971 period. however, i think that the street dogs are a band that defies and transcends restrictions of genre, and i actually  think that, potentially, this is a band that can evolve and mutate, without compromising their integrity or values, into something that has meaning and importance beyond the punk clubs and college radio punk programs.       