 This band featured Peter Rowan as vocalist and songwriter- he later went on to join Seatrain and work with Jerry Garcia in Old and in the way, as well as having a solo carreer that continues to this day. David Grisman, who would also wind up working with Jerry Garcia ( as well as playing on AMERICAN BEAUTY), who has also made solo music , was another member. this band was considered to be part of the Bosstown Sound hype/movement, but was quite different from most of those groups. Earth Opera was very jazzy and the disc also shows the strong bluegrass tradition that Rowan and Grisman had come out of. Musically, this is a quite impressive album that is more advanced than the bulk of other Bosstown Sound bands. and Rowan's quivery vocals can occasionally grate on listeners, however. The lyrics can be pretentious at times, like in "Death by Fire"-but in other instances the lyrics are exceptional. "Dreamless" is a good example. this is a short catchy , hummable number with a nice solo in the middle. The Red Sox are winning is probably the band's best known number, and maybe its best. Beautiful xylophone, old-timey, 1920's type vocals that must be coming through through a megaphone or something. Fine guitar work and superb bass, as well. The lyrics end with Rowan screaming:" Let's make Boston America's number one baseball city! Hooray! Hooray! Kill the hippies, kill the hippies, kill the hippies!" Weird and dated, but if you hear the song, you'll probably crack a smile today. At the time, the Red Sox had just gone from ninth place in 1966 to A.L. champions in their "Impossible Dream" year of 1967. This is not really a psychedelic album , though traces of it do exist in songs like the aforementioned "Death by Fire," "The Red Sox Are Winning," and "To care at all." "As it was before" is, lyrically speaking, a long philosophical downer of a track , but the music is fine."The Child Bride" is an eerie dirge that sounds much like Tim Buckley. "Home of the brave" is a bitter track dealing with the horror and insanity of war.There's a boring tune "When you were full of wonder", and some of this doesn't gell very well- but this is possibly the best of the Bosstown sound recorings. As such , I recommend it.     