 there's too much from the first album and not enough from the second, if you're going to have a 19 track anthology, i guess you shouldn't have about half of it come from the first record, as strong a record as it was nonwithstanding. i'd have liked to have seen skip softly my moonbeams, lime street blues,simple sister, grand hotel, and a long gone geek. i guess they couldn't put post 1970 recordings  and there is a weird version of one of the very greatest procul harum tracks- the moving, stately, and just plain brilliant QUITE RIGHTLY SO. a whiter shade of pale and a salty dog are wonderful numbers, but this one belongs in the procul harum hierarchy as well. thgis band was one of the very earliest , and best art rock or classical rock bands, though they also delved into r and b type stuff, psychedelia, and much more. this collection is good, but it is incomplete. you'd probably be better off with a different best of, or, if you are a big procul harum fan, you might want to shell out for the 3 cd westside collection, which features many unreleased cuts, b-sides and alternative takes, as well as their first four albums- procul harum, shine on brightly, a salty dog, and home. this was one of the bands from england that , although commercially successful, somehow wound up being quite underrated. gary brooker and matthew fisher were excellent piano and organ players, and brooker's vocals are very effective. the band's lyricist keith reid's dylan influenced lyrics would perhaps be called by some, but i find them interesting, quirky, and distinctive. bassist david knights makes solid contributions, particularly on my aforementioned favorite track quite righly so, and drummer b.j. wilson was also good, in fact, he was jimmy page's original choice for that post in led zeppelin. fisher and wilson also played on joe cocker's debut with other noteworthy english rock players. and robin trower was a talented and intriguing guitarist who later went on to solo success. procul harum's music from the late 60's/early 70's remains interesting , enlightening, and fresh today.     