 This band of veterans of the Boston punk scene has definitely scored a triumph with their debut release. Comprised of former members of groups like the well known Dropkick Murphys, Street Dogs have nevertheless managed to come up with a fresh and original take on the punk rock ethos.This band does not appear to have steeped themselves in the Celtic vibe that permeates a lot of the music of Dropkick Murphys and others. What is refreshing about this aggregation is that they also appear to acknowledge a debt to rock music in general. While they are definitely a hard hitting punk outfit, they are also quite impressive musicians. One of the downfalls of a lot of punk rock music is a singlemindedness and a stubborn resistance to adapt musically with each successive release, and that just doesn't seem to be something that will be a problem in the future for this band. While Street Dogs appear to possess a comprehensive knowledge of the history and meaning of punk rock, this is really a band that even people such as myself who are not punk fanatics may admire.    The Street Dogs' lyrical concerns encompass working class attitudes and issues, songs of heartbreak, odes to firefighting and  a tribute to a friend who is now gone,and a very funny putdown of the likes of Susan Sarandon and Madonna.This song, ""Don't Preach to Me", is a  catchy and well deserved harangue of ivory tower entertainers who try to use their own political beliefs as a guide for how people should think or what they should say. Although I must admit that my own personal beliefs tend to be left of center on most issues, I salute the Street Dogs in their effort to expose the grandiosity and self- importance of Hollywood types.  Interestingly, there is even a country cover on this album: Kris Kristofferson's "The Pilgrim: Chapter 23." Other than Johnny Cash and one or two others, I'm not a big fan of country music. I also think that while Kristofferson is a rather good actor, he is a good songwriter but a truly terrible singer. Nevertheless, the Street Dogs' version of this tune works well in the context of the album, as does the other cover, a version of a Sham 69 song that has been adapted to fit the city that the band hails from. " Modern Day Labor Anthem" is an anti-downsizing jeremiad, a song that exposes the hypocrisy, and overall shameful behavior of the typical corporation. It is almost like a punk rendition of the sort of folk material that, say, Woody Guthrie, Phil Ochs, or the early Dylan could have wrote.  The first single and eponymous album track " Savin Hill" , is a powerful and evocative memory of early days spent in the (generally) blue collar, heavily ethnic Catholic neighborhood of Savin Hill, a part of Dorchester, Boston's largest residential district. Having spent my formative years in that particular neighborhood, I can attest to the veracity of singer Mike McColgan's description of the neighborhood,having known all of the people and places he names in the cut. McColgan's song goes well beyond  the simple jingoism and the crude xenophobia that some might attempt with such a topic, he is able to convey every emotion he felt about himself or his neighborhood, whether pleasant or dark, with this tune. Most importantly, there is no sham or artifice here, the lyrics and vocals on this track, and really on the entirety of the record,leave no doubt of the honesty and conviction of the album. Whether one agrees with the opinions expressed on the album, one has to respect the tenacity of the playing and singing and the sheer belief in themselves that the group express so vividly on the release. I strongly recommend this album to not only fans of bands like the Dropkicks and other local acts, but also for afficionados of punk rock and those who enjoy honest and forceful rock and roll. I see a bright future for the Street Dogs.     