 when it comes to the 60's and early 70's, unterberger is the best music writer i know of. david fricke is also good. what i like about these two guys is that they refuse to get bogged down in 60's cliches, unlike dave marsh and christgau. these guys don't condescend to their readers, or try to tell them what to like. unterberger in particular is a champion of overlooked and underappreciated acts, whereas marsh and christgau tend to generally go for the tunes that are played to death or commercially successful. unterberger and fricke seem like nice guys who really care about music, and don't have a hipper than thou vibe or abrasive personality. they're not allied with the music industry either in the way that landau and marsh were. unterberger's newest book is a concise summary of the folk rock era, with detailed analysis of the usual names like dylan, baez, and the byrds- but it also includes rather obscure and under appreciated figures from that time as well, at least to the average person, including tom paxton, fred neil, the great tim hardin, and judy henske. these people, and numerous others, were also important in the development of that genre. this book is a great read for not only the person who devours as much music trivia and information from rock's greatest era as he or she can, but it is also one that i would also recommend for the casual reader who just wants to know about the style and/or period. that's what i really like about this book, and unterberger's other works. they are eminently readable and entertaining, even humorous at times, and both music fanatics and the people who are ordinary, run of the mill fans will enjoy them. i don't always agree with unterberger's choices or opinions ( for instance,in particular if you're listening richie,i can't understand why you have given the move's third album, looking on , only 2 stars as i am a huge fan of that band, one you won't read about here as only a few songs are sort of folk rock and they fall outside the time frame of this work!) but they are always engaging and often enlightening to read. the man is more than just a good music writer, he's a good writer period. this fascinating book goes up to about mid 1966, it is the first of two works that deal with folk rock. the next one is apparently coming out next year. many key musicians and others involved with the music of the time were interviewed for this book. it's a tremendous work, and i would like to know what's next as far as unterberger books go.     