 these 2 albums aren't perfect, or even  truly great- but there is a lot of very good music on this disc. some of the greatest harmony singing of the era can be heard here, especially on tracks such as the white ship, their fine version of high flying bird (also done by the airplane and the boston group ill wind, among others) and spin, spin, spin. most of the songs on the first album are covers of  the likes of dino valente, randy newman, and fred neil (to name the best known writers) ,and largely in a folk rock style. swirling organ and fine drumming ( especially on the 2nd lp's songs called at the mountains of madness and keeper of the keys) are probably the most notable features of the band instrumentally speaking. this outfit had connections with the shadows of knight, they originated in chicago, but are often thought of as a san francisco band, as they later moved there. the 2nd album is more overtly psychedelic, and i disagree with Richie Unterberger, the writer of the liner notes- i think that , overall, the 2nd album, is somewhat better than the eponymous debut-though i do agree that the white ship is the greatest thing this bunch ever recorded. it's a wonderful track that will, in places, remind listeners of such bands as the jefferson airplane ( who hp lovecraft are probably most like), it's a beautiful day, the doors, and early pink floyd. another stellar cut is the trippy and addictive at the mountains of madness with superb vocals from the talented pair of vocalists that the band was blessed with. allegedly, this  2nd album was the first one where everyone involved was on acid- its quite different from the debut's more restrained,  sometimes conventional but quite good folk rock with mere dashes of psychedelia. the drummer michael tegza later reformed the band as simply lovecraft, after being part of a frankly tedious and unimaginative vanilla fudge type band known as bangor flying circus, which i do not recommend. this cd, however, is certainly a gem, that fans of the era should definitely look into.     