 mad river were an unjustly obscure bay area late 60's band -actually the group originated in yellow springs, ohio. the group played a wide variety of music- psychedelic rock, country, jazz, bluegrass,folk,and quite a few more. somebody once said, and correctly, that they were weird even for the time. mad river's first album is pretty demented, it was apparently recorded at the wrong speed. consequently, some of this may remind one of captain beefheart or frank zappa in places. the bizarre lyrics, crazy vocals, and insane guitars of tracks like THE WAR GOES ON, and AMPHETAMINE GAZELLE will probably astonish and delight listeners at the same time. mad river featured two strong vocalists in leader Lawrence Hammond, and drummer Gregory Dewey ( who later appeared in Country Joe and the Fish and Grootna), and solid if  often challenging playing from rick bockner, dave robinson,and tom manning. mad river is a generally very good, if sometimes difficult first album, and one should also check out their e.p., available on the berkeley ep's cd in the nuggets of the golden state series from big beat. this includes early versions of AMPHETAMINE GAZELLE and WIND CHIMES from the debut, as well as a fine and eerie track called ORANGE FIRE (an anti-Vietnam song featuring some absolutely blistering guitar work) As this track is unavailable elsewhere, and the ep also contains some first rate work from country joe, frumious bandersnatch , and notes from the underground. Paradise bar and grill,the follow up, was even better. While ACADEMY CEMETERY (featuring some great percussion)and LEAVE ME STAY reminded listeners of their earlier work, overall the album was more reminiscent of , say, Creedence or the Band, particularly on the beautiful and brilliant title cut, COPPER PLATES, and REVOLUTION'S IN MY POCKETS.  Nearly every track was excellent, and fans of the aforementioned bands, or "americana" music should definitely enjoy this disc. Unfortunately, Mad River broke up shortly before or after the album's release , and it only made it to 192 on the charts. If you like the Youngbloods, Quicksilver, or Country Joe, you should check out this highly underrated band. Definitely one of the better, more unusual, and more interesting  late 60's San Francisco aggregations     