 First, there are no stories in this book, only the magic exhibited by Greimas' technique in peering into the ancient pre-literate pagan past.  There is a lot of dross produced by the Lithuanian diaspora but this is nothing but treasure. I was  fortunate to find this book on remainder shortly  after it was published - I guess it wasn't a best  seller. I'm only sorry I didn't buy a half dozen  copies for relations & friends - It's too bad 'cos  the book is as good as it gets given its highly  esoteric subject. The author was trained by the  pioneering & controversial Levi-Strauss and it  shows in his attention to the clues to the  origins of culture to be found to in food  and language. Greimas forms with M Gimbutas &  SC Rowland the third leg of a tentative  comprehension (seen through a mist) of  the old Indo-Aryan roots of prehistoric Lithuanian culture - scholarly it must be since the author probes an obscure and  obdurate subject - necessarily philological but that's to be expected given that  the ancient tribal chieftains who were  also the chief shamans were il-Lit-erate - and that the suddenness of official  Christianization in 1386 destroyed  the the ancient groves along with any  possibility of a written mythology -  Thus what there is must be gleaned from  the 'Prusicae Delicae' written by  incomprehending German priests accompanying 13th c. Teutonic 'crusaders' and the  debased vestiges that survived into  the late 19th c. when the first folk  revival began in response to scientific and cultural developments.   The book consists of seven chapters  covering the main outlines of those supernatural beings whose memory  survived in the language and in  recorded customs of the 19th c.  There are hundreds of curious and  tantalizingly evocative bits that  the author magically retrieves like gold dust panned from the river of time - For the labor of pride and love that  Greimas puts in, the result must appear slight to New Age pagan enthusiasts  weaned on classical mythology with  its elaborate literary tradition  & Romantic versions of Viking myth.  But for those on a quest for the true sources there is not likely to be anything  better than this until a pagan scroll  turns up in a subterranean vault under Vilnius cathedral. The chapters titled  'Kaukai' and 'Bees and Women' and the index  of over a hundred names of gods and  goddesses referenced in the text makes  it a very worthwhile addition to one's  Lithuanian cultural library.     