 This is an extraordinary scholarly work. It clarifies the obscurities and subtleties of the Lithuanian situation in the last decades of official paganism when the Lithuanian state rivaled in geographic extent and ethnic  diversity the greatest European nations ever known. The book primarily  covers the rise and reign of Gediminas, the grand duke who was most  responsible for Lithuania's astonishing growth in the fourteenth century.  The subject in English has been covered only in popular and inaccurate  general histories by Lithuanians influenced by the politics and  mythologizing of the nation's first independence period. The author wrote  the book while serving as Professor at the Centre for West Lithuanian and  Prussian History at the University of Klaipeda, and it represents the first  fruit of Lithuania's second independence in this century. The chapters  include information on the importance of the region's peculiar landscape,  the economic situation, pagan beliefs and their diplomatic usefulness, the  role of Lithuanian princesses in forming marital alliances with Rus'ian and  Polish principalities, the exploits of Lithuanian arms in expanding the  realm, Gediminas's brilliant campaign in conquering Western Ukraine, its  Rus'ian allies against the growing threat of Muscowy, and the attempt to  develope a Lithuanian Orthodox Church in Vilnius are fascinating. One can  only hope that S. C. Rowell will publish a sequel on the next sixty years  of Lithuanian history to include the rise of Gediminas's grandson, the  controversial Jogaila Gediminaitis, who became King of Poland-Lithuania,  the first federated state in Europe and the largest in its history,  Christianized his pagan people, despite their notorious (and admirable)  cultural conservatism, and managed, with the help of carefully nurtured  alliances first developed by Gediminas, to defeat the Teutonic Order, the  military superpower of the day, using a NATO style army, Oriental strategy  and technology, and Lithuanian ambush tactics. This book lays the  groundwork for understanding the roots of the Jagiellonian dynasty of  Poland-Lithuania and its political and philosophical accomplishments,  fondly referred to by the present Pope John-Paul in the text of his speech  to the UN a few years ago. The book's extensive footnotes, maps,  geneological charts, and huge bibliography, to say nothing of the densely  informative text, make the book worthwhile to anyone seriously interested  in East European history.     