 Kevin J. Andersons third novel in the Jedi Academy Trilogy does not live up to the expectations that the second novel promises to offer.  What is good about the novel was the emergence of the new dark Sisth master, Exar Kuhn.  The Sisth master poses so much of a threat to the Jedi in the second novel, Dark Apprentice, that Exar Kuhn becomes the focal point of evil.  So much emphasis is given to Exar Kuhn in the second book that the the conflict between the new Jedi and this evil dark master should have been great in Champions of the force.   Unfortunately, the conflict falls short of expectations.  Actually, the conflict is so minor in Champions of the Force that Exar Kuhns story ends in the first quarter of the novel.  Furthermore, the way Kuhns storyline ended makes me think that the author just blatantly dropped the storyline.  That was by far the biggest disappointment in the novel, but it wasnt just that issue that gave Champions of the Force two stars. Another problem with the book was the poor narrative and dialog.  When writing a novel, the writer is expected to show and not tell what the story is about.  This rule is implied in mostly any good book in order to keep the conflict fresh and the pace quick.  Unfortunately, in several key tense moments of the book, the author digresses into background information that is not necessary.  With so much background placed in the midst of a tense moment, the reader is drawn away from the conflict to focus on what the author is trying to explain to the reader.  This digression is a large reason why this book is slow paced.  Also, several chapters seemed to be exact copies from the previous two novels.  It was as if the author cut and pasted the paragraphs in the books because he didnt want to write new paragraphs.  Furthermore, much of the dialog in the book is taken directly from the films.  Having lines of dialog taken directly from the films gives the impression that the author is not confident with how he has characterized the main characters of the novel.  The dialog in essence becomes a crutch for the characters, which hurts the novel.   With the exception of the last 50 pages of the book, the resolutions in the novel were too quick.  The resolutions in the novel just seem to happen without any effort by the characters.  Only in the final moments of the book does the author seem to offer any sort of work on the characters part to achieve one of the many objectives in the book.  I believe that if the author did not go into so much unnecessary background, and focused more on the characters working toward achieving their objectives, the pace of the novel would be much quicker and the story would have been much better.     