 Well, I went into watching the film thinking that it would be the worst film I have ever seen.  I was wrong.  It was bad, yes, but not the wrost film ever.  The characterization in the story actually comes across as realistic.  If humanity becomes close to extinct and does not have the intelligence to figure out the technology that we have today (due to not using it), it would be natural to assume that mankind would become somewhat primitive.  Barry Pepper is the best thing about the film.  He obviously saw the weakness in the script and tried to give the best performance that he could.  Travolta also did a nice job with his character.  The alien species, the Psychlos, are a strange sort of alien race.  They're a different species, detached from our planet, so they may have different ethical values and mannerisms (as well as cultural views and such).  Now, for what the movie lacked.  The film was very poorly edited and written.  The transition between scenes became confusing.  There was one moment where a man stood on top of a cliff with his arms lifted toward the sun.  Why was that scene there?  Was there any signifigance to that 2 second scene?  The answer: No.  It just seems that the film editor forgot to take that scene out.  On top of that, the minor characters were poorly portrayed, and the story itself needed more detail.  The basic plot was in place and moved the story along, but certain elements in the story were left out, like how could primative man, who act like barbarians learn to fly military jets at the end of the film.  Also, when the group is left to mine Travolta's gold, how could the alien ship that Barry Pepper flies go all over the country and not be noticed?  These little plot holes in the film needed to be answered.   Finally, the comparison to the book by several critics needs to be addressed.  The film only covered about 300 pages of the book, and many critics have said that it didn't stay true to the book.  The book is 1000 pages long.  In order for a film to stay true to the book, it would need to create an 8 hour long epic.  Would anyone want to sit thorugh that film for 8 hours?   In a nutshell, the viewer should take the film for what it is worth, a B rated type sci-fi flick that will provide some sort of entertainment if watched with an open mind.  If the viewer is not normally into the normal B rated sci-fi films, then the film is not for him or her.     