 Jedi Search by Kevin J Anderson is the first of book in the Jedi Academy Trilogy.  It is in this book that the famed Jedi Academy is recreated by Luke Skywalker.  It is unfortunate that the narrative voice and poor characterization slow the pace of a story that has so much potential. First, a poor narrative voice hurts the novel.  There is a saying among writers - "Show, Don't Tell."  While the story is being shown to the reader, Mr. Anderson unfortunately continuously delves back into the past films and other novels as reference to what is currently occurring.  These comparisons, or secondary thoughts, do not help to move the story along.  As a matter of fact, it slows the novel down to a very slow pace.  The novel is 353 pages long, but when all the unnecessary description is taken out the novel could have been told in 250 pages.  What hurts the narrative the most is the constant reference to the Dark Empire comic series.  If the reader didn't read the comic series, he or she would be lost for several pages in the book. The narrative voice also is hurt by some of the language that Mr. Anderson uses.  One example would be that Lando goes to see a blob race in order to identify a man who could have Jedi Power.  When the race begins, the narrative voice calls the blob's racetrack a "Blobstacle Course".  I don't know if it was the author's intention to make the reader laugh at the term, but I certainly laughed. Poor characterization is also shown in the book.  The dialog in several cases didn't seem natural to the characters.  Also, when Leia is confronted with situations, it didn't match her normal reactions.  When Han disappeared for a long period of time, she showed no emotion except her inner anger.  Han is her husband, and she should have naturally felt worried and would investigated his disappearance sooner. So with all these comments, why was it given 3 stars?  Some plot lines and the character of Kyp Durron save the book.  If the reader can look past the poor characterization and narrative, the plots of Luke trying to find the students academy, Han caught in the spice Mines of Kessel, and the story of Kyp Durron all help to keep the story alive.  Though most of the main characters seemed to be one dimensional, the character of Kyp was far from that.  From the first moment he was seen, he showed his potential at being a great character in the Star Wars universe, and I look forward to seeing what happens to him.     