 Dark Force Rising is the second book in the Thrawn trilogy.  Rumors once circulated that the Thrawn trilogy was Star Wars Episodes 7, 8, and 9.  Well, if the rumors weren't true, then they should have been.  Though I believe Empire Strikes Back to be the ultimate Star Wars film, Dark Force Rising could easily be comparable in character, plot, pace, mood, and overall quality. Through the voice of the narrative, the rich design of the worlds, and the intensity of the characters, Timothy Zahn recreates the Star Wars universe to absolute perfection.  The character of the evil Grand Admiral Thrawn is drawn to show that he is quite distinct from Darth Vader, and could even possible rival Vader as a leader.  Where Vader ruled with fear, Thrawn ruled with intellect.   Besides Thrawn, two of the best characters in Dark Force Rising are Talon Karde and Mara Jade.  Talon Karde's struggle to escape the clutches of the Empire is shown right at the very beginning of the novel.  With Mara Jade at his side, they watched his home in Heir to the Empire be taken away.  Mara Jade continues to contain her inner struggle with wanting to kill Luke Skywalker.  But, it seems she becomes more of a transitional character, as she begins to look to Luke for help to free Karde from Thrawn.  The struggle to free Karde would remind anyone of the scenes in A New Hope when Luke tried to save Leia from the Death Star.   Dark Force Rising is the darkest of the trilogy.  The term `Dark Force' has two meanings.  The first meaning represents the fleet of 200 abandoned Clone Wars Destroyers out in the middle of the universe, and the one who possesses the fleet has the chance to win the overall war.  The second meaning is Thrawn's power rising in the universe.   The book carries three separate storylines.  The first storyline deals with the moral conflicts of Luke and the insane Master C'baoth.   The second deals with Leia trying to convince the loyal imperial Noghri to turn away from the Empire and join the new republic.  Finally, the third storyline deals with Han and Lando, as they deal with the internal political uprising led by Councilor Fey'lya. The end of the book contains a surprise that would compell the reader to grab for the last book in the series as soon as the second book is complete.     