 The Crystal Star by Vonda N. McIntyre has three major flaws:  Slow Pace, Weak Characterization, and Overall Predictability.  I think that if some research was done on the Star Wars Universe all these problems could have been avoided.  Unfortunately, they were not. First, the characters were very weak.  Jacen, Jaina, and Anakin had the most characterization flaws in the novel.  The way the children thought, spoke, and acted was not typically how any natural child would act.  Their thoughts and dialog seemed more mature than being five-years old and younger.  When reading the dialog, I couldn't help but think of them as young teenagers in many places.  Furthermore, some of the adults were not written well- especially Luke Skywalker.  Luke, being a Jedi would not be compelled into rage, especially against a good friend. Rage leads toward the Dark Side, and by this point in Luke's life (being that he survived Empire, Jedi, Dark Empire, and the Jedi Academy series), Luke has already learned much about controlling his rage.  I wish the author would have spent more time reading the Star Wars expanded universe to avoid this problem.   The next problem was the novel's slow pace.  Nothing really happens in the first three quarters of the book.  During many parts in the novel, the action seems stagnant.  The narrative seemed like the author wanted to take the novel somewhere, but it just couldn't seem to quite reach its destination.  During the stagnant moments in the novel, the actions and storyline became quite unappealing.  It isn't until the last quarter of the book that the pace quickens, but by that time I believe most readers will have lost interest. Finally, a predictable storyline hurts the book.  To avoid giving any major plot details, I'll just say that during the climax of the novel, I was basically screaming at the book because I felt cheated.  When the pace begins to quicken it is already evident about what will happen to the new and the old characters.   The book was given two stars instead of one because of a single character - Han's old love interest Xaverri.  She is the only well developed character in the novel.  I liked her a lot.  I certainly hope she reappears in future Star Wars novels.     