 I got this because it has the styling attachment that you usually only get with a separate trimmer. So it's one gadget for shaving instead of two. For me it replaces a similar, but less futuristic looking model, that I had for a few years and did the job pretty well. This one is made in China instead of Germany, and looks like a ray gun. I'm not impressed by the appearance: the combination of shiny silver plastic and black rubber looks a bit tacky, and the lettering on the body is very tacky. But, this doesn't really matter, does it? The good news is that it feels well built, even if it doesn't look it, though I think the buttons that release the sliding trimmer and styler adjusters are horrible to touch and a poor design. I like the enthusiastic whirr of the motor when you press the go button, and as a regular shaver it does an adequate job. Not sure the floating head makes a scrap of difference. Does it shave as close as a blade? Nowhere near. But it's fine. The trimmer spins around so you can use the wide head, or the narrow one. The narrow one has a rounded end, so you may be able to stick it in your ears if so inclined. But maybe a square profile would've been more useful. But... on the whole, the double ended trimmer works well. The unique feature of course is the styling attachment. Apart from the horrible adjustment mechanism mentioned earlier, this works reasonably well, though probably not as good as a dedicated machine. But for what it is, it's fine. You can leave the styling thing on all the time because it acts as the foil protector too. This is good, because it was separate on my previous one. Braun supply a simple foil protector if you want to leave the styler at home. You get a brush too, and a  little bottle of oil. No case though. One thing to watch is that when the battery's running low, the shaver decides at some point that it's going to switch itself off and stay off until you recharge. If you're in the middle of a shave, it grabs you and won't let go, which is, to say the least, painful! Make sure you have the power lead handy.     