 I've long been a fan of Buddy Mondlock, but never been particularly fond of Art Garfunkel, and I'm not at all familiar with Maia Sharp's music. So I come at this with mixed expectations. I expected great play to be made of the way these three voices harmonise, and it is. They all sound surprisingly similar, so much so that when they sing together it's sometimes hard to pick out which one is singing which part. And when they sing solo, you wonder, just for a second, which of them it is. Art's is the prominent voice, and he gets to sing Buddy's "signature" song, "The Kid". And he sings it a little stiffly. Buddy leads on the title track, and since it's his voice I prefer, it makes me wish there was more of him alone. This is a very Buddy Mondlock kind of song - several of them are. The songs fall into two camps: slow paced and ethereal, mid-tempo and, what's the word? Soaring? That's the intention I think. This, and the ever present sweet harmonies, give the album a rather bland feel. Trouble with a trio of individuals like this is that you don't know who's singing the song, whose emotion it is. So it's a bit hard to get involved in them; I think the songs lack bite and soul. And they do lack colour, or at least variety of colour. I expected the songs to be stronger. Best song on the album is probably "Perfect Moment" which has a good hook. Some of the other songs rely more on effect than anything else. I had the feeling while I was listening that the harmonisation and stunning production was carrying the songs sometimes. Again, a feeling of blandness; a feeling that this is quite a "safe" album. One that grown-up kids might buy for their parents at Christmas. And it's a bit charmless, for all its beauty; a sense that the listener is being left out somehow. Still, there's no denying that the sound these three make is instantly captivating. I'm just not sure how many spins of the disc it will take for that to wear off. The best music usually works the other way around.     