 This is an interesting album from Darden Smith. It echoes the softly, softly style of its predecessor, Circo, but its themes are somewhat more earth-bound and universal, usefully ditching the awkward spiritual ambiguity I disliked in that album. It's an album suffused with the malaise felt by forty-somethings with a lot on their mind in 2006 - Field of Crows is coloured by world events and a realisation that life is changing, and generally not for the better. Leaving aside the somewhat half-hearted `Fight for Love', Darden seems to have cottoned on that he can't do much about these changes, though he chooses one minute to keep trying, but from a different angle (`Golden Age'), and the next to feel sorry for himself (`All That I Wanted'). Trouble is, Darden's so good at expressing the way many of us are feeling about the state of our lives and the world just now, that `Field of Crows' borders on the depressing. The downbeat mood of this album is pressed home by the whispered vocals and arrangements that send the music into dark, quiet corners. At times Darden really does sound like the man `making his last stand in a field of crows' as the lyric goes. `If anybody asks,' he says in `Mary', `say I'm doing fine.' But he doesn't lose all perspective thankfully - there is some hope! Some very good songs too. `Satisfied' is my favourite, perhaps because it harks back to an earlier style (like `Two Dollar Novels') and is so beautifully constructed and executed. This is a gem. `Mary' too is very well done, moving even. I'm also a fan of the title track, which has a very catchy melodic opening line or two. `Spinning Wheel' has an infectious groove to it and a nice bluesy quality. Nicely produced, there's a dark, velvety quality to the sound that'll make this a late-night favourite. And only a couple of tracks (`Boy' and `Fight for Love') fail to meet the high standard of most of the songs on this collection. So it's highly recommended, but not if you're feeling depressed already!     