 Oh, it's tempting to say that. If you wanted another LUCK OF THE DRAW or NICK OF TIME you will think so, I feel sure. You'll feel cheated. You'll wonder what's going on here. First thing you'll do is wonder if your hi fi has lost a tweeter or something, or maybe some idiot's turned down the treble. But no, the sound is just a bit, well, dulled. But you get used to it, even if you always wish it wasn't quite like that. Especially when "Round and Round" starts up, and sparkling guitar cuts through the mud. "This is FANTASTIC," you're thinking... only to be knocked flat when Bonnie starts singing. This is the lousiest trick on the CD. She puts her voice through some kind of vocoder to make it sound like she's singing it from the thirties. Or maybe the twenties. Or maybe earlier. Nice idea maybe, but I hate the outcome. Okay, there's another thing to look forward to: a John Hiatt song, "Lovers Will". Hmmm. It's okay, but it's just a bit, slow. And maybe lifeless. But if you've never heard the original, you'll never notice, and it is a good song. Looking at the liner notes, you might be interested to note that Bonnie once again collaborates with Paul Brady on FUNDAMENTAL. "Blue For No Reason" is a bit of let down though, I have to say. Oh dear. So what's good? Spit of Love is a bluesy, grungy, sliding kind of song that is just what Bonnie does best. "Meet Half Way" isn't too bad either. Bit of a jammin' session going on with this one that sounds nice and fresh. "I'm on Your Side" is almost a great song, but somebody decided that it needed some extra keyboard later on, and at times it sounds like you or me just messing about. In fact, now I think about it, that one sounds like it was mostly done on a home keyboard, and without much finesse. Moving swiftly to the end, you'll come across the best song on the CD, the radio friendly "One Belief Away" which is a terrific, classic Bonnie Raitt piece of work. No argument. So that'll make you feel better about having bought it, but you may not want to play it over that many times. There are too many songs that either irritate, grate, don't work, or are simply unremarkable. There are a few good ones too of course, but what stops me playing this CD is that the balance weighs too heavily on the side of the songs that could be better.     