 If you've ever seen something and thought to yourself, if only I had my camera... you're a candidate for one of these. For once, the phrase "fits your shirt pocket" is true; it really does. So you've no excuse to not have your camera with you. But this isn't the only tiny camera around. It's not even the smallest. But it's the first tiny one I've seen with decent storage capacity, a two megapixel CCD, a TFT monitor, and the likelihood that it will take some decent pictures. Cameras that can manage images at 640 x 480 pixels will give you images that look okay on screen but pretty poor on paper. This Casio can manage 1600 x 1200 (and not interpolated, like some others), so you can, at a pinch, print your photos at up to A4 size without any obvious quality problems. The Exilim does have its limitations, but you can accept them because of the size and ease of use of the camera. The lens is fixed-focus (mainly means in practice that close-ups are out), there's no zoom (unless you count the digital zoom which is pointless), there's no built-in lens cover (a case costs extra), and you're going to lose the minute cover for the USB/power connector within about a week. Shame they don't give you a memory card with the camera too because you'll need more than the built in 12MB. On the other hand, the Exilim is gorgeous to look at and to hold (it inspires instant envy). It has a beautiful TFT monitor, is a doddle to use (though surprisingly sophisticated and customisable), ready to go in a flash so you don't miss those opportunities you bought it to catch, and can take pretty good photos - if you can. And little movies too. Oh, and the battery seems to last for ages. I found that it was all too ready on a cloudy day to use a very slow shutter speed, so camera-shake is a bit of an issue. The minuscule built in flash is only good for portraits really. But on the whole, the results I've had mean that as a second camera, it's absolutely fine, and the results have surprised a few people. I shall carry it wherever I go.     