 This little Canon is ideal for somebody who likes to let the camera do the work most of the time, but occasionally likes to be a little more creative. It does a great job left to its own devices, with clever metering and focusing. The manual functions don't stretch to full manual control of aperture and shutter control (aperture priority would've been nice, to avoid - light permitting - the extreme differential focus effect you tend to get on close-ups,), but you do get control over metering modes, focussing modes, ISO, EV and various flash modes, as well as a `long shutter' mode that lets you det up to a 15 second exposure and invokes an excellent noise reduction system. I very much like the way you can adjust most of these directly from a button. It encourages you to be creative. Even when you do have to delve into a menu, it only takes a second. Canon's control system is one of the simplest I've seen, and I've had and used many digital cameras. This is a delight to use. It's nice to hold too, and has a big fat shutter button that you can't miss, even with big fingers. It reacts almost instantly if you pre-focus. The display is not the biggest around, but it's fast and clear, and even fairly usable in sunlight. All the indicators are clear and easy to see. The optical viewfinder is pretty good too, for such a small camera, despite the lack of parallax-correction marks. The zoom control is a little bit hit-and-miss though, and you find yourself going beyond the point you intended before it reacts properly. The pictures it takes are the most important thing though, and it's nice to see that the lens is up to the challenge of the 4.0 megapixel CCD. That high resolution is great because you can crop images quite a lot and still print them or view them at a  decent size. The images the Canon takes look at the same time crisp and natural, with little of that `processed' look I've seen from other digital cameras. If anything, the images start out a little flat, but a tweak of brightness and contrast brings them up to scratch. I'd rather this than get images that can't be tweaked in a photo editor without making them worse. Battery life seems quite good. The battery didn't last so long the first charge, but now keeps me going for a few days, even though I use the screen all the time and often review photos. There's no battery-level display until the battery gets low, which is slightly unnerving but doesn't really matter. A spare is a good idea. You can have fun with this camera too. By taking panoramas and stitching them together with the supplied software (works much better than I expected), or by setting the camera up to make different sounds for different functions. You can even record your own sounds using the camera's microphone. Once you start delving into all the things this camera can do, you wonder how on earth they pack it all inside. What don't I like? Well, to be honest, there's nothing worth mentioning other than the slightly clumsy zoom action. That's how good it is. I've changed cameras a lot over the last few years; it'll take something truly amazing to get me to swap this though.     