 This is my first Mac of any kind. I had high expectations, especially considering the price. So I was a little disappointed to find that the screen was lop sided. Only a little, but very noticeable. There was also a stuck pixel. I decided to live with these (no choice in the case of the stuck pixel) and soon learned to ignore them and concentrate on the good points. Panther is such a pleasure to use after using Windows. I quickly started to wonder why anybody would buy a Windows machine. Panther is so slick, and the iLife programs are everything Apple claim they are. Connecting to broadband was easy through the buillt-in ethernet. The 20 inch screen, lop-sided-ness and stuck pixel aside was worth the extra, just about. All other screens seem small to me now. Three months' use has thrown up a few points. There aren't enough powered USB ports. The supplied mouse is possibly the worst I've ever used and the keyboard isn't much better. That's a shame, because I'm going to have to replace them with ones that work properly and that'll ruin the look of the machine. Unfortunately, my iMac, three months old, had to go into the repair shop with a misbehaving superdrive mechanism that turned out to be a very minor software glitch. Apple Care (I paid extra for the three years) was a HUGE disappointment. They had no idea how to fix the problem (they should have suggested a very simple fix which would've meant I didn't have to pack it off to the service centre), were the epitomy of the helpline pits, and now I appreciate why PC manufacturers offer on-site repairs: apart from the fact that it's a pain in the neck taking your computer to be repaired, do you really want some repair shop having access to your files? At least they fixed the lop-sided screen while they looked at the superdrive, but I think the lack of on-site service is a major drawback to Apple ownership. Oh dear, the shine has been well and truly taken off this machine for me. At this price, I think I have every right to be disappointed.  But still, now it's back home, and I've forgiven it. The honeymoon is definitely over, but I think the marriage will be pretty solid.     