 I think when a piece of software is as good as InDesign, you can't help being hard on its weaknesses. If only it did this, or that, it would be perfect, you think to yourself. I switched from working in Corel Draw, which despite its severe limitations when producing multi-page documents still has many features InDesign could use to great effect and which I miss. As a Corel Draw user, I find it irritating to have to switch between fill and stroke (especially for text) before applying colour, when before it was left click for fill, right click for stroke. I also miss Corel's multi function tools, and it seems clumsy to have to switch to a different tool to resize a box you've just drawn. But you get used to that sort of thing the more you use it. After six months of use, I'm generally delighted by InDesign's power and logic, but there are some issues that Adobe really must take care of. There are no automatic bullets or numbered lists for instance. A glaring omission. There's no 'on the fly' spell checking with wiggly red lines, which is another odd thing to leave out. There's a bug in the align function which makes aligning clumsy. The tool palettes are too small and hard to see and adjust. Switching from the text tool is a clumsy affair that leads to constant errors. The scroll function on the mouse has a bug that means it stops working every so often. You can't make a headline span several columns in one text frame like you can in Corel Ventura. Printing samples like booklets is unnecessarily difficult and baffling. Use this thing for six months and you end up with a list of essential improvements. BUT, the good still outweighs the bad to a large degree. I like InDesign for its unerring stability, its integration with the other CS programs, its wonderful pro text handling and the way it lets you produce a long document with great ease. I guess the best thing about InDesign is that I trust it: I know that when I deliver a file to my printer that they'll be able to handle it and I'll get what I expect. When you're working to tight deadlines, this means a lot. So, it's great. Perhaps the best of its kind now. But it could be quite a bit better!     