 You really need to set yourself limits on this game. On the first night, I lost track of time and ended up playing until 2.30am. Not good at my age; I had the racetrack burned onto my brain. What drew me to upgrade from GT3 was realising they'd put on the entire 13 miles of the famous Nurburgring circuit. Driving this circuit in a little 1960s 800cc Honda sports car was an interesting way to assess how this is different from GT3. First thing you notice is that it's not as easy, although you could always make GT3 harder by taking off the driver aids. But GT4 adds in some instability, which is something you never felt in GT3 and really keeps you on your toes. The little Honda gets very unstable at times! You also notice that it actually feels fast! GT3 never really did, but this is scary stuff, especially since hitting a wall or another car now gives you a real kick (everything goes blurry for a second - ouch). And the Honda being a drop top gives you chance to look at yourself, the driver, a GT4 first. There are other animated humans too, like the pit crew and spectators. It's bang up to date: the new BMW 3-Series handles beautifully compared to the Honda, but once again, it's scary at 130mph on those awkward cambers of the Nurburgring. But I love th classics and the oddities, like little Daihatsu trucks (you'll need to work the engine hard just to get up some of the steeper hills), and vintage cars like the Model T. Many of these are accessible in the Arcade mode, just for fun, but to get the others you'll have to spend some serious time winning them. It may be too much of a challenge unless you're a serious nut, that's my worry, but you can have plenty of fun before you have to get serious, even if it's just admiring the beautifully rendered cars. The graphics, they say, are much better than before. At first I wasn't sure about this. But then I drove the wet night route around Paris and my jaw dropped. The amount of detail and life in this route is staggering, and the wet road looks superb. This part is very close to photo real. The snowy hills of Chamonix are remarkable too, and the new scenery has wonderful vistas, hills rolling for miles and miles. I forgot all about the race and just looked at the scenery the first time round. It may well be the new routes (the hillside town of Citta di Aria and the sparkling Island of Capri are also worthy of mention), the enhanced road surfaces, and now the proper sense that you are going uphill or downhill (that seemed to be oddly missing in GT3) that are the defining features.  I suspect that the limitations of the hardware put a stop to the kind of perfection that's no doubt possible, so you have to put up with the occasionally imperfect wheelarch, or odd looking panel on your new Lexus. The span of the game is huge, the options almost endless. You could say that the thought of starting in GT mode is a little daunting, knowing how much time it will take up. This is certainly the best driving simulation yet. Some will, rightly, regard it as a work of art. And by the way, it's also a game.     