 These speakers get such rave reviews wherever you look that you'll expect them to be pretty amazing. In many ways they are. They look amazing, for a start, all transparent and space age, and nicely built. The satellites look particularly good, and you can angle them easily. It's odd that the little blue globules inside the satellites don't light up like the ones in the subwoofer though. The subwoofer is too good-looking to be hidden under a desk, but that's where the instructions recommend you put it. There are rather a lot of wires: one for the power cord, one to your computer, another to the satellite connector, and then cables from that to the satellites themselves. But it all worked once I plugged it in, and my immediate feeling was disappointment. I thought they sounded quite ragged. But... taking note of something I read, I let them play to themselves for a few hours. I also fiddled a lot with the volume controls (a knob on the subwoofer and a pair of annoying touch sensors on the base of one of the satellites). Turn the volume on the sub above about ten percent and you get lots of bass, but none of it very nice. The resonances drown out bits of the music and sound awful. This may vary depending on your room and particularly your floor of course. I'm used to a carefully set up, neutral-sounding hi-fi separates system. Some people suggest these speakers sound as good as a hi-fi - they don't. Nowhere near. But once I'd set the sub and satellite volumes to my liking (the sub volume way, way down) they sounded pretty good. Vocals are projected very strongly by the four drivers in the satellites, and for a lot of music this is quite a good thing. With the bass turned down, the sound is solid and focussed, and you're not too aware of the gap in the mid range. You do have to crank up the volume to get them to sound good though. At lower volumes they are quite weak. I suppose you could up the sub volume to compensate, but you really won't want to be crawling under your desk to do this all the time. The last thing to mention is that the position and angle of the satellites is annoyingly critical. Even leaning to one side in your chair spoils the effect somewhat. I'm not sure I totally recommend them, but they're not bad, and sometimes they're great. Because they're self powered, you can always take them elsewhere with your iPod so that adds versatility. Try to listen before you buy.       