 You read such a lot of rubbish about these things. I've had mine from day one, so I'm in a good position to say that the iPod entirely lives up to what's claimed for it. But at first you might not think so, because the battery life seems poorer than the spec says. This is pretty important: you need to condition it by running it right down, charging it right up, running it right down to zero again. At least twice. It makes a big difference. Get a case for it (there are plenty out there now) and you won't have to worry about scratches and stuff. Mine's not scratched. I can only speak for the way this thing works with a Mac computer, but it is utterly seamless. Honestly, it couldn't be easier or quicker to do everything you want to do. Whole albums rocket from your Mac to the nano in about 6 seconds (that's via USB 2.0 of course). Perfection in this department. I haven't tried any other earphones with my nano, so all I can report is that the ones you get are pretty good if you don't need huge amounts of bass. The posiion in your ear is somewhat critical though and I find myself fiddling with them a lot. And the little foam pads (you get two spares) keep falling off. But, the sound is very sweet and clear. It's a nice feeling, when you're out and about, that there's no hard disk to skip. The sound is very stable. And very, very high quality. I doubt you'd be able to detect the difference between your iPod and something high end when you're out and about. It's that good. I even play mine through my hi-fi (stick it on shuffle and it's great for parties) and it sounds great. I bought the little dock to connect it, which bypasses the headphone amp and keeps the iPod upright. The best thing is the size though. It positively vanishes into a shirt pocket. It's smaller than a credit card, yet has a really clear bright colour screen. And it syncs with my Mac's address book and calendar. And has a miniscule version solitaire. And displays photos (though they're so small it's hardly worth it). Oh and you can easily use it as a hard drive. I'm still stunned by it after all this time. I wouldn't travel without it now. It could even be better than I imagined.     