 NOTE: My Pro1 has the updated firmware which stops the screen freezing in continuous mode and from what I read below, improves focussing in low light dramatically. Some of the reviews here are probably for pre-update cameras. I think anyone used to a typical point-and-shoot will be impressed by the alacrity of the Pro1's focussing.  Like many people, my first couple of digital cameras piqued my interest in photography. But because they were fully automatic, there were times when I couldn't take the shot I wanted. BETTER THAN AN SLR? I fancied a digital SLR to get the flexibility I wanted, but bought the Pro1 instead in the end. Why? Mainly because I wanted a variable-angle LCD screen so I could frame shots in awkward places. DISPLAYS: The 2-inch vari-angle LCD monitor is very good in bright light, and at 235,000 pixels, probably the highest resolution LCD available on a camera. You notice the extra resolution. The viewing angle is more critical than I would like though, made slightly worse because it snaps into certain preset positions which make tiny adjustments impossible at certain angles. I like the electronic viewfinder, which shows all the menu items and settings, shutter speed etc. and has dioptre adjustment. I wear glasses and there's no problem. It's the same resolution as the main LCD and almost always good enough. There's also a top mounted LCD that's nicely illuminated in orange and shows all the camera settings. BATTERY: You might think that the battery life would suffer on a camera with three LCDs, a myriad of blinking LEDs, a heavy lens with continuous focus and a long zoom... but I've found the battery life excellent. You can turn off continuous focus to make the power last a bit longer, but then the screen freezes while focussing. LENS: I suppose the outstanding feature of the Pro 1 is the lens. At 28-200mm equivalent, this is a very flexible zoom. And because the widest aperture at full telephoto is still f3.5, it's pretty usable handheld if the light's good. An unusual feature is that you turn the ring on the lens barrel to zoom, or to focus in manual mode. I quite like this, but to me, it turns the wrong way, and I still haven't got the hang of it! That may just be me though. There is noticeable purple fringing at wide apertures, but overall, this is a splendid lens. SPEED: Not as responsive as an SLR, but pleasingly crisp in action. Low light focussing is the best I've experienced on a digital camera. At the wide angle end, it seems to be able to focus in near darkness with no trouble. Manual focus gives you an enlarged central area on the display and a distance reading. But I found it still wasn't easy to tell if the focus was right. But the camera can sharpen up your manual focus attempt, which is useful. FEATURES: As you'd expect from a camera at this level, it is bristling with features. I won't mention them all. The only one I would've liked that it doesn't have is a live histogram display. Movies are at 640 x 480 but sadly only 15fps and you can't zoom. You get a remote control. ERGONOMICS: Very important on a camera like this. The best bit is the jog wheel right next to the shutter release. It's perfectly placed and you can change shutter speed, aperture etc. You can also use it to scroll during playback. Most often used functions are on their own button, so you very rarely need to go into the menu system. It's very convenient to get back to record mode from playback mode: you just half press the shutter - great. I find I need two fingers to turn the mode dial. You can change the battery and CF card while it's on a tripod. ANNOYANCES: Very few. A non-tethered lens cap that I've resigned myself to losing one day, a strap that always seems to be in the way of the swivelling screen, a manual focus button that's too easy to press by mistake and a screen that freezes momentarily while the camera focuses, unless you're in continuous focus mode. Super Macro mode forces the camera into 4MP mode, though the results are still outstanding. I've heard of quality-control issues with this camera. Indeed, I had to return my first example straightaway because of a CCD fault. I'm totally happy now, but I'd advise you to check yours very carefully when you get it. CONCLUSION: This is a very well built camera that's satisfyingly simple to use, feels good in the hand, and most importantly, has a great lens. The photos I've taken so far have impressed me enormously: they're sharp, with great colour, great subtlety and naturalness. With 8MP, you have all the flexibility you need to enlarge and crop. And with a feature set like this, and the option to add conversion lenses and filters, it's a camera you can grow into if you're moving up like I did.     