 For a wireless network camera with two-way audio, this model from Sony is an excellent value.  Everything worked as advertised.  The size is excellent and can be easily placed in many locations.  There is a setup wizard which greatly helps in doing the network setup to make the camera accessible from the Internet.  However, be warned that if your have a router that is not covered in the wizard list, you will need to know about port forwarding and do a manual setup.  A business-class router firewall has rules that may require you to get some assistance, so don't assume you can just plug the camera in have have it work.  That being said, if you know how to set up the router, the camera does what Sony says it can do, and well.  Amazon's price is steep, well above almost every other dealer, so I expect the Amazon price will come down in the near future.  The prior review was written on June 21, 2005.  Followup as of 10-30/05:  The camera continues to run well at a remote location.  Another reviewer indicated that it wouldn't work with a D-Link router with encryption on, but I have the same setup and it works fine.  The camera sends me a JPEG snapshot every day very reliably.  I can access it regularly with both a web browser and the Sony recording software that comes free with the unit.  The motion detection works well.  I discovered this one day when someone was cleaning the windows at the remote location and got in the view of the camera.  The camera started firing off warning emails to me.  Another reviewer indicated that they did not like the 802.11b wireless limitation.  I agree, but from a practical sense this is not a real limitation due to most high speed connections even within a LAN not running a more than 10 Mbps anyway.  It would be nice if Sony went to 'g', though.  Also, the pan feature is quite coarse in its movement, with the panning angle changing drastically when you try to move it slightly.  I'm not sure if this is fixable in firmware, but since it's so hard to even find the Sony support for these cameras, it almost doesn't matter!  Overall, the camera has run well, and several friends have now purchased theirs based on my experience.       