 Richard Evans, Professor of Modern History at Cambridge and a specialist in modern German history, was one of the expert witnesses for the defense in the libel trial brought by controversial "historian" David Irving against Penguin Books and author Deborah Lipstadt over her portrayal of Irving as a Holocaust denier in her book "Denying the Holocaust." For those unfamiliar with his work, Irving has long painted himself as an expert in primary Nazi sources and has utilized these sources in a series of bestselling histories of the period of WWII. However, while claiming to be an exponent of what he refers to as "Real History," Irving has systematically distorted Nazi documentation and the testimony of witnesses to suggest first that Hitler was not responsible for the Holocaust, and, more recently, that the Holocaust was mostly accidental, the majority of deaths in the camps, according to Irving, being caused by disease. Irving's works and his relationships with other Holocaust deniers was briefly covered in Lipstadt's important book, causing Irving, for reasons of his own, to bring a libel action against Lipstadt and her publisher in an effort to get her book withdrawn from sale in the United Kingdom. To put it mildly, the attempt blew up in Irving's face, and Evans tells the story of his own research and, more briefly, the trial, in this worthwhile book. Called upon by the defense to produce an expert witness brief on Irving's work, Evans wisely began with Irving's first published book, which covered the Allied bombing of Dresden. Irving's supporters claim that his earlier work was untainted by his apparent Nazi sympathies, but Evans was able to prove that even in the mid 1960s Irving was more than willing to distort evidence to suggest that the death toll at Dresden was exponentially greater than the real toll revealed by German records - something around 35,000 rather than the "100,000 - 250,000" claimed by Irving. His analysis of Irving's later books is even more scathing. Evans' discussion of the trial is brief but both interesting and revealing, particularly when Irving deferentially addresses the judge as "Mein Fuhrer," a Freudian slip of truly classic proportions. Disturbingly, Evans also reveals that there are conservative historians who actually still promote Irving as a reputable historian, in spite of the utter demolition of his work and reputation at the trial, one of them being Sir John Keegan. Keegan does not exactly cover himself with glory here, particularly when he dismisses Lipstadt's book as being "politically correct," the tired buzzword the right wing  trots out to defame anything they don't agree with. How an historian of Keegan's repute could belittle Lipstadt's book is beyond me and has truly left me doubting Keegan's own agenda. Another supporter of Irving is the historian Donald Cameron Watt, who proclaimed that the only people who would disagree that Irving is a reputable historian are "those who identify with the victims of the Holocaust." I would suggest to Professor Cameron and to Keegan that we should all of us, whatever our political views, "identify with the victims of the Holocaust." To not identify with the innocent victims of this horror is to deny and belittle historical truth, a truth both of these gentlemen claim to serve. All in all, a necessary sequel to Lipstadt's book and well worth your time.     