 Charles Pellegrino's earlier book about the Titanic, "Her Name, Titanic," remains one of the better books on the subject. Instead of rewriting that book, Pellegrino chose to write what he suspects will be the  second book of a Titanic trilogy (with a third volume planned for 10 to 12  years hence). Pellegrino has the advantage of knowing almost everyone  involved in the discovery of and expeditions to the Titanic, including  Robert Ballard and George Tulloch, formerly of Titanic International, and  he actually accompanied the 1996 expedition. He also is close to Walter  Lord and has interviewed a number of Titanic survivors. This puts  Pellegrino in a particularly useful position to portray the Titanic  disaster in 3 dimensions while banging no particular drum. Pellegrino is  also something of a polymath. He's interested in everything, as readers of  his previous books can attest. He's probably the closest thing going to  Isaac Asimov since the late Dr. A passed away. Given this, there are some  real irritants here. I'd like to see all of Pellegrino's quotations and  information cited. At the very least I'd like his assurance that none of  the dialogue, particularly dialogue supposed to have taken place aboard the  Titanic, is invented. It's also startling to see him consistently  misspelling the name of Lord Mersey, the jurist in charge of the British  inquiry, and of the Leyland Line, owners of the Californian, throughout the  book. I find it a little difficult to believe that Pellegrino apparently  buys into James Cameron's line that the ship would have been even more  badly damaged had it hit the iceberg headon. Frankly, I can't think of a  case in which the rammer came off worse than the rammee. Also, Pellegrino's  interest in everything occasionally detracts as he flits from subject to  subject without, sometimes, completing his original thought. But these are  minor irritants, and I only mention them with the hope that Pellegrino will  see them and make corrections in future editions. This book is extremely  valuable and brings absolutely new information to the public attention.  Especially useful is Pellegrino's careful forensic analysis of the  Californian controversy, and his similar treatment of the iceberg sighting.  According to this new information, the iceberg was sighted when so close to  the Titanic that the ship actually collided with it almost as soon as the  officers began to react, rendering unimportant earlier arguments about the  size of the ship's rudder. Also very interesting are the results of studies  into the rusticle formations that are speedily consuming the ship. It's  fascinating to learn that new insights into biology are coming from these  studies. There's a lot of really good new data here, and I recommend this  book with only the minor reservations noted above. Needless to say, I'll be  waiting eagerly, in ten or so years, for Pellegrino's next book on this  seemingly inexhaustable topic.     