 This is a review of A) the movie B) from the perspective of a fan of the TV show C) who did not enjoy the movie.  I liked the Firefly TV series quite a bit.  It was fun, filled with action and adventure - a space western.  The best part was the character development during the course of the series.  Whedon really did a great job of presenting believable characters.  Serenity saw a radical shift in the characterization of several characters, to such a degree that it was immediately noticable.  Their behavior during the course of the movie often made little sense to me, given the history established in the TV series.  Even ignoring that I still had difficulty wrapping my brain around the "why" of some of their actions.  The basic plot, of a corrupt government trying to repress the truth, is the same tired paranoid Sci-FI story that has been reiterated since the birth of the genre.  The only thing that could be considered unique here is the stunning visual effects, costuming, and set design.  The movie is very pretty to look at.  The acting is average to bad, with some actors delivering particularly poorly.  This was a sufficient problem for me at times that I could not immerse myself in the tale being woven before my eyes.  I was painfully aware that I was watching an actor poorly deliver lines.  The changes made in the backstory to bring the show to the big screen were good and didn't bother me a bit.  I especially enjoyed how the movie opened up the Firefly universe a bit more and filled in some more details.  The wonky nature of a giant planetary system with so many inhabitable worlds bugged the Sci-Fi dork in me, but I doubt it bothered many other folk.  A lot of the realism strived for in the TV show was left behind for fast paced action in this movie.  While i'm sure this was a great move on the part of the developers, it took away some of what I liked most about the series.  The over-the-top fight sequences, while neat at first, became tired towards the end of the movie.  How much punishment can these characters take?  The entire end sequence felt forced and purposeless, with a fight that went far beyond the bounds of believability.  Mal seems more like an all powerful super soldier by the end instead of the army grunt he had previously been portrayed as.  It's still a good movie, and worth a watch, but like other lower quality Sci-Fi it's not something I feel the need to see again.     