 Star Wars and MMORPGs are two things that I love.  I've played almost every MMORPG that has been released over the years, and i'm certainly up on my SW Expanded Universe knowledge. SWGalaxies is great in that it closely follows the Star Wars Universe as it has been established by the movies, books, and comics.  Great effort and detail was taken to make this game as accurate as possible, adding in massive amounts of detail and accounting for all Expanded Universe information.  The graphics are also sharp, and several game elements were very well executed.  Waypoints, for instance, provide both a directional arrow and a glowing beam of light to show you where your chosen destination is.  This makes navigation simple, if slow. Unfortunately, as a game SWGalaxies doesn't quite cut it.  Combat is both boring and scripted.  While a player can, ultimately, acquire many different types of attacks you will likely always use the exact same pattern in a battle.  Finding adversaries to fight can also be difficult, as there are no fixed spawn points in the game.  I, personally, have wandered the deserts of Tatooine for 20 minutes without encountering any AI opponents.  While there are dungeon-like places that make hunting a bit easier, they are not accessible to the new player.  Having to go to cities in order to get certain wounds healed is neat in concept, but in reality it's just frustrating.  A lot of time is spent running to and from a destination, especially with the current Mission system. A typical 4 hours of gameplay is likely spent performing deliver missions for 2+ hours, and then attempting to find monsters that are at your skill level.  Please believe me when I say that you will be bored.  Very bored.  No one likes to hold down an arrow key for 20 minutes to get back to town.  From a purely gaming perspective, SWG is not worth your time. However, if you are a roleplayer, a major Star Wars fan, or just someone who likes MMORPGs on a purely social level, then you will enjoy SWG.  The purely player based economy, and some of the boring but necessary classes (such as the Entertainer) give social players fun roles to take on while interacting with their friends.  Similarly, the major Star Wars fans will constantly see neat elements from the movies and Expanded Universe that they recognize.  Gamers would be best advised to find something else, but for purely social players this may be the best MMORPG on the market.     