 1. Sally Ann- Good song, but wayyyyyyyyy too slow. It's like they took the Maniacs version and played it at 75% speed. If you're hard up for the song, bust out the Maniacs version, or even the Horseflies original. Grade: D  2. Which Side Are You On- Starts out pretty slow, but picks up a tiny bit, and isn't half bad. It is a bit lengthy at 5:00+, but at least it's a decent song. Grade: B  3. Crazy Man Michael- Remember those "Paul is dead" rumors? Well, the Natalie that once fronted 10,000 Maniacs is definitely dead, and has been replaced with an old school marm with an irritating voice. Way too slow, and not a very interesting song. Grade: F  4. Diver Boy- I don't care for that... booming noise. The initial part of the song would have worked better a capella. I like how it builds as it goes along, not completely unlike John & Mary's "Lady Margaret & Sweet William," but the song itself is kind of a boring choice. Grade: D  5. Weeping Pilgrim- double tracked vocals at times, but not very well done. The trick is to get someone who can sing harmony well, and that compliments the lead singer, which hasn't been done here. Can someone pass me a bottle of caffeine pills? Grade: D  6. Soldier Soldier- absolutely horrid backing vocals, sounds like Ned from Southpark (the guy with the electronic voice box). At least it has a little bit fo enegry. Grade: C-  7. Bury Me Under the Weeping Willow- THE high point of the album, and yet her vocals are a little garbled.... when she used to do this song in 95, it was better. The song itself is a great folk song, but I've heard better versions.Grade: B  8. House Carpenter- nothing special... in fact, her vocals are irritating... quite irritating actually. Grade: D-  9. Owensboro - very VERY slow; Natalie's voice is about the worst I have heard it (minus, of course, Henry Darger). The music isn't so bad, at least it doesn't have that cheesy guitar and keyboard she's known for. But way too slow. If this song had energy, it'd be a keeper. Grade: D  10. Down on Penny's Farm- the song with the most energy, but it's not that great... actually it gets irritating after awhile. If the rest of the songs had this kind of energy, this album might fit in wih Tigerlily.Grade: C  11. Poor Wayfaring Stranger- Good song, but this is wayy too slow. I've heard faster versions that beat this one out big time. Natalie's vocals are a bit jumbled/garbled too (and where are the harmony vocals she used during the folk tour???). Give the song enegry and it's a winner. Grade: C-  Just my opinions.  PS I'm wondering why some of the better folk songs she's performed (Orphan Girl, Galway Bay, etc) didn't make this album.     