 **may contain spoliers**  I think the main draw and popularity of the film Casablanca is its memorable "feel." The atmosphere that the film creates in memorable for some reason. Though in times of conflict, there is a certain warmness in Rick's nightclub that draws you in, and has been imitated in films and real life afterwards (there is a replica of Rick's Cafe Americain in Cancun, Mexico). The actors in the film pulled off a film that most others would not be able to. Would Casablanca be the popular cult film that it is today if Ronald Reagan had played Rick? I doubt it. Humphrey Bogart WAS and still is Rick, and no other actor could have played the role better.  Dialogue is another key part of Casablanca. It's quoted quite often (and sometimes misquoted); one who hasn't even seen the film probably knows some of its lines. Some of the lines can almost be seen as "downright cheesy," such as "I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship," yet the work in the context of the movie and from the actors (especially Bogart) that deliver them.  Humphrey Bogart is a classic cult film icon because he's charming, suave, astute, very self confident, and believable. Seeing this film for the second time, I could compare him to my own cult hero Bruce Campbell. Both actors show a sort of arrogant confidence, even in the most troubling times. Both actors have cheesy, yet memorable lines that are delivered so dead-pan that one cannot help to think, "Wow." Where an actor in a mainstream film would be laughed at for a line such as Bruce Campbell's, "Gimme some sugar, baby," or Bogart's, "Here's looking at you kid," cult heroes are praised and cheered. Bogart's got a dry sense of humor. He doesn't just blurt out ridiculous things, or fall down doing slapstick. He is sly in his comments, where you aren't sure if you should laugh at the humorous thing he just said.  The mainstream audience might look directly at the love story between Rick and Ilsa. Yet cult fans know that there is much more than that to make a great film. Everything ties the movie together, from the dialogue and actions to the music. Each interacts with one another to put together a single piece that stands on its own.  Casablanca has remained a popular cult film for the above reasons. Though slow at times, it is a memorable film, with memorable characters and dialogue. At times sappy, the film delivers an almost-believable love story, that most actors could not make work. Yet with the actors we have, the film works as a whole, mainly based upon Bogart and Bergman's ability to "pull off" their parts.     