 "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" was my first true introduction to Wilco, and I approached the band from the standpoint of an indie rock--not an alt-country--fan. I mention this right up front because I know it colors my feelings about "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot," and even though I have since fallen in love with Wilco's previous albums (as well as other alt-country bands), all of Wilco's prior work seems like steps towards an ultimate goal: "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot."  From the beginning, "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" sets itself apart from Wilco's past albums--and from most other albums, period. The beautiful noise that introduces "I Am Trying to Break Your Heart" clearly has Jim O'Rourke's fingerprints all over it, and the album is better for O'Rourke's influence. Of course, the main innovative force at work is the band itself. Beyond the experiments with noise and music, Tweedy's lyrics have evolved as well. Tweedy's phrasing frequently sends shivers down my spine. Take, for example, this verse from "Ashes of American Flags:"  "I want a good life With a nose for things A fresh wind and bright sky  To enjoy my suffering."  And on paper, this line has only a fraction of the impact that Tweedy's beautiful, delicate and cracking, yet strong and emotion-laden voice provides all of his lyrics.  The songs flow quite seamlessly into one another, even though there are several changes of tone, from the quiet drift of "Radio Cure" to the upbeat pop-rock of "Heavy Metal Drummer" to the soaring journey of "Poor Places." I find "Ashes of American Flags"--a beautifully introspective and searching song--and "Jesus, Etc." to be the strongest songs on the album; the power of "Jesus, Etc." is certainly augmented by world events that occurred after it was written. I don't think there are any true weak points on this album. I very rarely play "Kamera," "War on War," or "Reservations" by themselves, but at the same time, I have no desire to skip over them when I'm listening to the entire album.   In short, "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" is an amazing album both for its innovation and for the sheer beauty of its songs. I would recommend it without reservation to any Wilco or indie rock fan; alt-country fans who are looking for an introduction to Wilco might wish try an earlier album first.     