 Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead" is now more than sixty years old, yet it retains its relevance and urgency, Judging both from fellow reviewers, and from personal experience, every reader of "The Fountainhead" emerges either loving or hating the book. I personally find Rand's ideas uplifting, and though her philosophy is not entirely of her own creation, Rand's presentation is compelling and her formulation is clear and striking. Furthermore, for all the controversy Rand's philosophy may inspire, "The Fountainhead" is undeniably an entertaining and well-written book. That Rand is able to demonstrate her fascinating philosophical views in such a well-written and well-told story should be recognized as a tremendous feat.  "The Fountainhead" tells the story of Howard Roark, a young architect who is, as Rand describes in an early manuscript, "a man who is what he should be." Roark is a self-contained human being, who lives entirely for himself-by his own definition of himself. Roark's buildings are considered both radical and offensive by many observers because he fails to pay homage to the styles of the past or to collaborate with anyone on any part of his designs. As Roark states at one point, he believes that buildings, like people, have one central theme or idea, and that idea cannot be compromised.  The leading figure in opposition to Roark is Ellsworth Toohey, an "intellectual" with a particular specialty in architecture. Rand, in the same early manuscript, describes Toohey as "a man who never could be-and knows it." I take delicious delight in every word Toohey speaks; he is one of the most evil characters every created, and there is no doubt he is extraordinarily good at what he does. What Toohey does is attempt to destroy the heroic, self-sufficient men by setting forth as the moral ideal those men who live by everyone else's standards but their own, who are mediocre and could never achieve greatness, and who submit themselves to the collective will.  The conflict between what Roark stands for and what Toohey stands for demonstrates quite clearly Rand's philosophy: in short, she upholds Roark as the ideal. This contrast can also help explain why some readers feel uplifted by Rand's philosophy while others are horrified by it. The heroic in Roark can be inspiring, but also somewhat menacing; Rand is very clear that it is not possible for everyone to achieve the ideal demonstrated by Roark. This runs counter to ideas most Americans have been instilled with since youth: egalitarianism and the accessibility of the American Dream. On this basis, it is easy-as several characters in "The Fountainhead" do-to dismiss Roark as an egotist and to hold up Toohey's intentions as benevolent and charitable.  As this is a book review, it is not my intention to argue for Rand's positions-though I realize that my admiration for those positions is plainly evident. I mention these conflicting views simply in hopes that readers will approach "The Fountainhead" more willing to allow their own values and expectations to be challenged, and honestly assess Rand's ideas. This book is able both to entertain and to inspire thought, and any reader should remain open to both.     