 I've surprised several people by telling them that I believe "Sin City" is one of the best movies of the year. Such a claim is surprising both because "Sin City" is not generally the kind of movie I like (or so it would appear) and because it doesn't seem to be the type of movie that could be thought of as great. Entertaining, yes. Great, no.  But this movie is indeed great. It is obviously visually innovative and pleasing, taking film noir to the next level. But the subjects the movie delves into--and the way it deals with them--make "Sin City" stand out. Because, underneath all the flash, "Sin City" is actually (and don't laugh!) a sophisticated examination of the nature of morality.  The world of "Sin City" is a world where those institutions and people who are generally seen as bastions of morality turn out to be highly immoral--most notably the church and the police. This could easily lead to the conclusion that Sin City is a place devoid of moral values, and with the amount of deviant behavior in this film, that's an easy judgment to reach.  "Sin City" is a three-part story, with each part revolving around one of three men: Marv (Mickey Rourke), Dwight (Clive Owen), and John Hartigan (Bruce Willis). Marv, Dwight, and Hartigan each devote themselves fully to protecting a woman, to the point that killing--and possibly dying--for her sake become necessary actions.  What makes "Sin City" compelling is that although Marv, Dwight, and Hartigan would certainly fail to live up to most moral standards--not only do they kill for their women, they do so without remorse or hesitation--you end up seeing these men as heroes. You want them to succeed; you begin to understand their choices, and you start to believe that not to kill in defense of these women actually might be offensive.  In other words, Marv, Dwight, and Hartigan are most certainly "good" characters in the eyes of the audience. Does this mean that they are simply the least immoral in a world filled only with immoral people? Perhaps. But "Sin City" is world of extraordinary situations, and these men are able to fight against those situations in the defense of an ideal--namely, the safety and redemption of a worthy woman. In this light, "Sin City" caused me to reflect on my own potential actions in certain situations. There are things every person would be willing to kill or die for, whether it be one's child or one's country. How do you determine what is worth killing for? Is such a killing moral, immoral, or outside of morality? Does your attitude towards such killing make it moral: in other words, must you be regretful and remorseful for it to be moral? I think that it is clear that when we are pushed to our limits, the laws of conventional morality bend. "Sin City" does a remarkably good job of presenting three men who are each pushed far beyond their limits, and the filmmakers leave it for the audience to decide whether these men are moral defenders or just as immoral as the people they come up against.   In light of this, I highly recommend this film, both to those who are looking for an entertaining movie and to those who are in search of a thought-provoking one. That "Sin City" can appeal to both types of people demonstrates just how great this film is.     