 Bridget Jones is a woman who is so ordinary that she is extraordinary. And therein lies her appeal: Helen Fielding has created a character that practically every woman can relate with. Bridget's problems--a lack of appreciation in her job, an often-disappointing love life, a never-ending struggle with her weight--are the problems of a tremendous variety of women at some point in their lives. The fact that Bridget is a highly relatable character, however, is not enough to make her compelling; it is the manner in which Bridget faces her problems--with flair and yet an utter lack of grace--that makes "Bridget Jones' Diary" so hard to put down.  I must praise Fielding for the way that she styles her characters. All of the major characters in the book--Bridget, Mark Darcy, and Daniel Cleaver--fit a specific type: the everywoman, the gruff-yet-lovable romantic hero, the rogue. None of these characters, however, fall into the one-dimensionality that generally curses stock characters. All three feel real and true, yet they have enough general characteristics that the reader is able to take Bridget, Darcy, and Daniel as placeholders for real-life acquaintances.  I do think that "Bridget Jones' Diary" contains a few minor flaws worth noting. First, although the major characters feel fleshed out, the minor characters--particularly Bridget's group of friends, Sharon, Jude, and Tom--aren't as able to break free of the stock character curse.   Second, a large part of the charm of "Bridget Jones' Diary" is that Fielding throws Bridget into situations that are ridiculous; how Bridget handles this makes her who she is. However, Fielding sometimes pushes Bridget into circumstances that go beyond ridiculousness and enter the territory of the absurd. In those instances, Fielding undermines her own character. Bridget is fascinating because, as an everywoman, she enters situations as a real-life person, but as the hero of the book, she proceeds to deal with them in a way that most women only dream of doing. In order for this to work, the events in the book must remain grounded in reality. Thankfully Fielding largely avoids this pitfall in "Bridget Jones' Diary"-though she walks right into it in "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason."  However, as I said before, these flaws are relatively minor. Overall, "Bridget Jones' Diary" is a witty, engaging book centering on a very memorable character. I have read the book through a good half-dozen times, not to mention the numerous instances that I've read a few pages at random, in search of a quick pick-me-up-which "Bridget Jones' Diary" never fails to provide.     