 In his fourth novel, Nick Hornby tackles a very weighty subject; writing a book about suicide ultimately means writing a book about the value of life. In this sense, "A Long Way Down" starts off with promise, but ultimately ends up feeling rather empty.  The book begins on New Year's Eve, when four very different people meet on a London rooftop, each planning to commit suicide. Instead of going through with their plans, however, they form an unlikely support group of sorts. "A Long Way Down" follows these four characters as they deal with the reasons behind their suicide attempts as well as the new bonds they form with one another.  The narrative passes between the four main characters, with each relating a consecutive chapter in their story. By designing the narrative in this way, Hornby deals with the difficulties of having four main characters quite well; I felt an intimate attachment to all four without the plot losing a sense of urgency. Indeed, the narrative style is one of the high points of the book.  Overall, though "A Long Way Down" gets off to a great start, at some point it loses its ability to inspire sympathy in the reader. The main failure of "A Long Way Down" is the same as in every other Hornby book: the ending just cannot live up to the first three-quarters of the book. Hornby sets up a story that is both innovative and engaging, and addresses perhaps the most interesting questions of his writing career; everything falls flat, however, when he attempts to bring it all together.   Hornby creates characters that the reader can both understand and identify with; the reasons each character attempts suicide are communicated honestly and with heart, and the characters always seem more than their suicidal tendencies. However, at some point, I began to feel disconnected with the characters; they lost their realness, and seemed to evaporate before my eyes. I know what each character ultimately chooses, but I have no idea why; I can guess, but a large effort is necessary to pin these characters back down and flesh them out again. I cannot say exactly whether this is because Hornby's answers are too trite or too glib; either way, his answers failed to inspire reflection in me.  In short, "A Long Way Down" is a very entertaining book, but entertainment is ultimately all it has to offer: don't read it expecting insight.     