 "Anthem" is Ayn Rand's second novel, and the first in which she uses her characters to convey her philosophy--and at around 90 pages, "Anthem" provides a much quicker introduction to this philosophy than "The Fountainhead" or "Atlas Shrugged" do. At this point in her career, Rand was still developing her writing voice, and that strong and sparkling voice that shines in "The Fountainhead" is noticeably absent here. However, I heartily recommend "Anthem" both to fans of Rand and to those who wish to become quickly acquainted with her philosophy.  "Anthem" tells the story of Equality 7-2521, a Howard Roark-esque man who lives in a collective society, completely stripped of any individuality. Individuals have no control over their own lives: jobs are assigned by the Council of Vocations (based on how an individual might best serve others), and preference for one thing over another--including all forms of love and friendship--is a punishable crime. There is no word for the individual: "I" and "me" have been replaced by "we" and "our." Equality 7-2521 defies these rules, and in doing so, proclaims his individuality and places serving his own will over serving the collective will.  (Incidentally, while reading this book, I could not help but notice striking similarities between "Anthem" and "The Giver" by Lois Lowry (written much later). Obviously, all books about negative utopias necessarily share some characteristics, but the specifics of how the societies of "Anthem" and "The Giver" operate are very similar. Am I alone in this observation?)  As a book about a negative utopia, "Anthem" is not particularly noteworthy. "1984" by George Orwell, "We" by Yevgeny Zamyatin, and even "Brave New World" by Aldous Huxley (a book that I have a very deep dislike of) are better examples of this subgenre. What makes "Anthem" a book worth reading is the nature of the negative force in "Anthem." This force--the dictatorship of the collective--is uniquely sinister because it has the ability to exist in any society, even a democracy (and perhaps especially a democracy). "1984," "We," and "Brave New World" seem to warn against brute force subjugating humanity; "Anthem" warns of a much subtler force that does not attack from the outside, but insidiously works its way into a man's mind.   "Anthem" does fall far short both of Rand's later novels and of other examples in the same genre. However, the book does have its charm, and it is interesting to see the birth of a great author. For fans of Rand, "Anthem" is a must-read. For those wishing for an introduction to Rand's writing and philosophy, "Anthem" is well-suited if length is an issue; if not, I would recommend "The Fountainhead" or "Atlas Shrugged" instead.     