 If I were pressed to choose a favorite Elliott Smith album--and that is a very hard decision indeed!--this one would make the cut. As a huge Elliott Smith fan, I find each of his albums amazing in their own unique way: "Roman Candle" for its starkness and startling beauty; "Either/Or" because it is here than Smith reached his full lyrical potential; "XO" because we finally get to see the incredible depths of music Smith could create; "Figure 8" for the challenges he presents to himself; and "from a basement on the hill" for the final insight into a beautifully talented and deeply troubled mind. But in the end, Smith's self-titled album stands out as a diamond among gems. It is here that we hear him come into his own, and the possibility this album presents--even if we know the end of his tale--lights up every song.  The first track, "Needle in the Hay," sets the tone for the album. It is stripped down, both musically and lyrically; the intimacy of the music and dead honesty of the lyrics make it seem as though you could reach out and touch Smith. "Needle in the Hay" is forthcoming about Smith's problems with drugs, like many other songs on the album--"St. Ides Heaven" and "The White Lady Loves You More" most obviously, as well as practically every other song in semi-hidden reference. The beauty of Smith's writing is that he is able to sing about these experiences without either glorifying them or falling into self-pity.  Several songs in particular stand out to me: "Alphabet Town," "Good to Go," and "The Biggest Lie." Smith has often been compared to Nick Drake, and while I believe he was not particularly fond of that comparison, I feel it is incredibly apt for "Alphabet Town." On the surface, the song has little in common with a Nick Drake song; however, the way Smith sings it--as though he must sing it, even though the effort required is inhuman--channels no one but Nick Drake. "Good to Go" falls into that camp as well, and is particularly touching and personal. "The Biggest Lie," the closing song on the album, strikes me as the most unique song. It is not a happy song, but Smith's tone changes; you get the sense that he feels cleansed, and the album ends with the possibility of hope.  I realize that much of this review speaks more to established Elliott Smith fans than to those newly introduced to Smith and looking to find a good starter album. But I think that is the nature of Elliott Smith: he either speaks straight to your heart or he doesn't, and if he does, the nature of the feeling is hard to explain. Try listening to "Elliott Smith" late at night, in a solitary drive over the loneliest part of town. If Smith *does* speak to your heart, you'll find this to be the most perfect setting, and the experience will allow you to feel both the depths of Smith's depression and the highs of his musical genius.     