 This classic cartoon, commonly known as "Stop That Pigeon" among young viewers over the years, first debuted on September 13, 1969 on CBS and subsequently aired on and off in syndication over the years.  I first saw the series growing up in the 80s.  The stars of the series are Dick Dastardly and his snickering canine sidekick Muttley (who always muttered his signature "rassuh-frazza-pazza).  The duo was first introduced in 1968 as part of the ensemble cast of Wacky Races (which received a similar dvd treatment from Warner Bros. Home Video last year).  Along with the rest of the Vulture Squadron (fellow dimwitted pilots Zilly and Klunk), they use WWI aircraft in an attempt to follow the orders of "The General."  Those orders being: STOP THAT PIGEON!    The show is somewhat reminiscent of Road Runner, with the Vulture Squadron filling the Wile E. Coyote role.  The outcome is similar too, with Dastardly and co. failing spectacularly in each episode to stop the pigeon.    Dastardly's voice, and that of The General, were done by Paul Winchell, whose other roles include Winnie the Pooh's friend Tigger, Zummi Gummi and Marmaduke. The legendary Don Messick (famous for his work as the voice of Scooby-Doo), did Muttley as well as the other members of The Vulture Squadron.  The half-hour show originally consisted of two Dastardly/Muttley adventures, a brief segment in which Muttley daydreamed about adventures of his own, and a few quick, unrelated gags. All 17 episodes are included in this set.  Bonus features on the DVD include:  - The Vulture Squadron's Greatest Misses [Watch the Pigeon Thwart the Vulture Squadron]  - Commentary on Stop Which Pigeon, Ceiling Zero Zero, Fast Freight, Home Run and Start Your Engines; by Iwao Takamoto, Designer, Jerry Eisenberg, Designer, Scott Awley, Warner Bros. Animation, Scott Jeralds, Warner Bros. Animation  - Dastardly & Muttley's Spin-Off's [Retrospective on Dastardly & Muttley]  - Commentary on Balmy Swami, Camouflage Hop-Aroo, Mop Up, Left Hanging and Wild Mutt Muttley by Iwao Takamoto, Designer, Jerry Eisenberg, Designer, Scott Awley, Warner Bros. Animation, Scott Jeralds, Warner Bros. Animation     