 First off, let me start by saying that I own all three Spy Kids movies and although I'm an adult male with no kids, I've seen the first one probably 5 times and the second one thrice...so I'm not a typical Spy Kids fan.  However, I am a big fan of Robert Rodriguez and his maverick style of filmmaking, as well as his films (particularly the Desperado films, which are about as opposite from Spy Kids as you can get).  Also, his DVD's are always loaded with tons of extras including commentary, behind the scenes footage, his "10-minute Film School" videos and other material.  So his films are always worth the DVD purchase. Aside from writing and directing his films, Rodriguez is also the cinematographer, editor, production designer, visual effects supervisor and producer.  Oh yeah, and HE ALSO WRITES THE MUSIC!!!  Because his films are made on ultra-tight budgets yet always reap massive box office, he enjoys creative freedom unheard of to anyone in the motion picture business not named George Lucas.  That's how he was able to make a 3-D film for kids.   So what's the verdict? Well, when I first saw Spy Kids 3-D in the theater I was definitely underwelmed.  Perhaps I was sitting too close to the screen or maybe the picture was out of focus, but more than anything the 3-D gave me a headache and frequently I had to remove the glasses to give my eyes a rest.  But a funny thing happened when I watched it again on DVD...IT WAS LIKE SEEING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME!  Thanks to the sharpness of DVD (they actually recommend you watch it on a computer monitor, which is higher quality), the 3-D effect was awesome!  In fact, after watching it I put in Spy Kids 2, and that movie immediately seemed weak in comparison to the dynamic 3-D effect of the third movie. Now some reviewers here have complained about the story, and they are right, it lacks the charm and wit of the other Spy Kids films.  However, as Rodriguez mentions in the commentary on the disc, this is largely due to the fact that it originally was not going to be a Spy Kids film...He set out to make a 3-D film for kids that would progress like a video game, and decided later to shoehorn that plot into a Spy Kids film.  And I think he succeeded...the movie advances very similarly to the way a video game advances through various levels of increasing difficulty.  The visuals are cool and if you haven't seen it, the movie is worth checking out!     