 Before I tell you about the problem I had with this camera, let me explain something about myself (this is important because if I was reading the review I'm about to write without knowing about the author, I'd think the author must be some kind of a nut case; this camera has been reviewed so positively that I can't believe what I'm about to tell you myself).  First, before getting involved in digital photography, I was a successful amateur photographer with an old Pentax manual SLR camera. I understand what terms like shutter-priority and aperture-priority mean. Also, after the old Pentax, I've been successfully using an Olympus C-3030 digital camera for 4 years now. This is the camera I'm trying to replace because I want a more powerful zoom. So I do have experience with digital cameras. And finally, I work in a technical field, so I'm good with computers and other technical products. OK, enough about myself. Let's discuss the camera.  I can't believe how unreliably the DX7590 achieves proper focus! The camera gives me the green bracket indicator letting me know that it thinks it has focused on the subject, but at least 50% of the time, it's wrong! Sometimes it's so far out of focus that I can see it on the display before I take the picture. Sometimes it looks in focus on the display so I'll take the picture, only to discover that the shot is out of focus when I review the picture later.  I get the same result regardless of how zoomed in/out I am; what PASM mode I use; what focus mode I use (there are three focus modes, none of which is manual focus); or what shutter speed is used.  Believing that I must have received a lemon, I returned the first DX7590 to Amazon for an exchange. After all, a camera that has received such positive reviews CAN'T have a problem with a fundamental function like focus, right?  Wrong! The second DX7590 behaved exactly the same way! So now I'm sending the camera back to Amazon for a refund, and am starting my research over again to see what I should buy instead.  Good luck to you if you buy the DX7590. No, you don't need new glasses. It's the camera that's out of focus!  NOTE on 1/19/2005: I ended up buying a Panasonic Lumix FZ20. This camera rocks! 12X optical zoom, optical image stabilization, hot shoe, and more. AND THIS CAMERA KNOWS HOW TO FOCUS!!! Check it out--much better camera for only a little more money.     