 The legendary Rodgers and Hammerstein are at their sublime best in this 1957 version of the fairy tale classic "Cinderella".  Richard Rodgers' melodies are beautiful and infectious.  His music gracefully captures the medieval flavor of this tale of a mistreated stepdaughter who becomes a princess.  Oscar Hammerstein II's memorable lyrics are alternately witty, romantic, and poignant.  They perfectly suit the characters' moods and help advance the story.    Some background on the brilliant Rodgers and Hammerstein:  From the early 1900's up until the 1940's most musicals had been a series of revues.  But in the 1940's beginning with Rodgers and Hammerstein's "Oklahoma", the musical changed forever.  Rodgers and Hammerstein redefined the musical so that plot and characterization became elemental to its creation.  Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals always told a complete story.  And their score was essential to the plot and characterizations in the story.  Rodgers' music and Hammersteins's lyrics were seemlessly integrated into their productions so that their scores seemed to flow organically from the narrative.  Before Rodgers and Hammerstein, most musicals were a hodgepodge of unrelated production and gag numbers.  Also, the quality of the music and lyrics in those early musicals was frequently pedestrian.  The score was written to accomodate a star, usually a Burlesque-type comedian, or a chorus of leggy showgirls.  But Rodgers and Hammerstein elevated and transformed the musical by structuring it as a play and by tackling subjects as diverse as a Cinderella fairy tale, domestic violence, or racial bigotry among other topics in their musical plays.  And unlike the score in most musical revues, the melodies which Richard Rodgers composed were intricate and sophisticated and were indigenous to the plot and characterizations.  Hammerstein's intelligent, poetic lyrics eloquently advanced and enhanced the story.  There were no throwaway novelty numbers as there were in revues.  Because of the talent and innovativeness of Rodgers and Hammerstein, the musical matured and became a distinctly American art form.  And returning to the 1957 version of "Cinderella", Rodgers and Hammerstein chose a perfect cast for their endeavor.  A young Julie Andrews plays the lead and her voice is simply angelic.  (Has any actress ever had a more extraordinary voice than Julie's?)  The rest of the cast includes such familiar and beloved actors as Edie Adams, Kay Ballard, and Alice Ghostly.  They are delicious in their roles.    Although watching this rather crudely photographed 1957 black and white version of "Cinderella" takes some getting used to (I actually prefer the 1965 color version), it is still a masterpiece because of the incomparable score by Rodgers and Hammerstein and because of its endearing cast.  Don't miss this!     