 "Cass Timberlane" is a drama based on the novel by Nobel and Pulitzer Prize-winning author Sinclair Lewis.  The movie version of the novel follows the story of a beautiful and spirited working class girl, Virginia Marshland (winningly played by Lana Turner) who meets and falls in love with a respected judge, Cass Timberlane (earnestly portrayed by Spencer Tracy).  Cass is a widower who first encounters Virginia, aka Ginny, on the witness stand.  Ginny is an artist.  After her testimony, she inadvertently leaves behind her sketchbook in the courtroom.  The sketches include one of Judge Timberlane as an angel clutching a gavel.  Someone finds the sketchbook and returns it to the judge. When Ginny sees the judge about recovering her artwork, Cass tells her that he is flattered and amused by her drawing of him.  Ginny gives the drawing to Cass, and he takes it home to proudly display on his mantle.  Cass and Ginny next cross paths when Cass is visiting an area of town that he explored as a child.  As it happens, Ginny is the pitcher at a nearby baseball game.  Cass and Ginny accidentally meet again when a stray ball finds the judge.  Ginny persuades Cass to act as umpire in her baseball game.  The two hit it off.  Courtship and marriage follow.  Ginny is truly in love with her new husband.  But she finds that most of his wealthy friends are snobbish and/or corrupt.  One of Cass' friends is a handsome single lawyer named Bradd Criley. Bradd has more than a slight interest in Ginny.  Zachary Scott portrays Bradd with appropriate amounts of shallowness, charm and a hint of menace.   A tragic event, restlessness in Ginny, and external influences create strain in the Timberlane marriage. Can their union survive?    Sinclair Lewis' realistic depiction of life in upper class suburbia is elegantly condensed by scenarist Donald Ogden Stewart (of "Philadelphia Story" fame).  A glamorous all-star ensemble led by Tracy and Turner, the direction by George Sidney, the photography, sets, costumes, and music score are all first rate in the great MGM tradition.  By the way, pet lovers should also like this movie because of an irresistibly adorable tabby cat named Cleo who is part of the cast.  Cleo is a natural who manages to upstage larger-than-life legends Tracy and Turner whenever she shares a scene with them.  (Yes, the cat is really that good!)  "Cass Timberlane" is an entertaining and satisfying drama which is definitely worth your commitment.              