 I would like to make a correction to one of the well-written "My Fair Lady" reviews appearing here.  Audrey Hepburn was NOT nominated for an Academy Award for her performance as Eliza Doolittle.  The nominees for Best Actress of 1964 were Julie Andrews, Anne Bancroft, Sophia Loren, Debbie Reynolds, and Kim Stanley.  Hepburn's name was conspicuously and inexplicably absent from the nominees' list.  And even though Hepburn's singing voice was dubbed, her performance was certainly Oscar worthy.  As the inelegant Cockney flower girl, Eliza Doolittle, who is transformed into a poised and graceful lady by the cantankerous Professor Henry Higgins (portrayed by Rex Harrison), Hepburn was sublime.  Hepburn captured all of Eliza's fierce determination, intelligence, heartache, and romanticism in a perfectly modulated performance.  I believe that it is one of the best performances by any actress in the movies.   But there was an undeserved backlash against Hepburn.  Certain members of the Motion Picture Academy were adamant that Julie Andrews (the original Eliza Doolittle on Broadway) should have reprised her role in the movie version of "My Fair Lady".  But Hepburn was a film veteran with proven box office appeal.  That was the reason Jack Warner chose her to play Eliza over Andrews in his expensive production of "My Fair Lady".  Andrews rebounded with an Oscar win for her role as Mary Poppins, so there was justice for Andrews in the end.  And who could blame Hepburn for wanting to play one of the greatest roles ever written for an actress in Eliza Doolittle?  Shaw's heroine was certainly well-served by Hepburn's gifts as an actress.   This cinematic version of "My Fair Lady" is skillfully directed by the respected veteran, George Cukor.  The photography, costumes, and sets are stunningly beautiful.  Alan Jay Lerner's witty libretto based on Shaw's "Pygmalion" remains intact as does the rapturous, lilting score by Frederick Loewe.   It doesn't get much better than "My Fair Lady", an exquisite, enchanting entertainment for all ages and all time.     