 While enjoying a late night snack, I happened to switch on my favorite cable channel, Turner Classic Movies.  The introductory credits were rolling for a movie entitled "Sadie McKee".  I was curious about the title so I decided to watch a few minutes of this movie before turning in. So much for a good night's sleep!  This movie had me transfixed for its entirety.  It is the story of a working class girl, Sadie McKee, admirably played by Joan Crawford, who is the daughter of a cook who works for the wealthy Alderson family.  Franchot Tone plays Mike, son of the Aldersons.  Mike has always liked Sadie and vice versa. However, when Sadie's boyfriend Tommy, played by Gene Raymond, is fired by Mike and not given a second chance, Sadie's attitude towards Mike changes.  She follows Tommy to New York City where he goes in search of a job.  Sadie and Tommy plan to marry until Tommy falls prey to the temptations of the Big City. Sadie and Tommy's marriage is off when Tommy fails to meet Sadie at City Hall for their marriage license.  To support herself, a girlfriend finds Sadie a job in a dance hall where she meets a kind-hearted, alcoholic millionaire, Jack Brennan, brilliantly played by Edward Arnold.  Coincidentally, Jack is a good friend of Mike Alderson's. We then witness Jack's quick marriage to Sadie and the events that follow. In 1934 when this movie was made, Joan Crawford was already a huge star at MGM.  Yet she completely and miraculously sheds her glamorous image in her portrayal of Sadie.  You believe Joan as the honest, down to earth working girl out on her own struggling to find happiness and security.  And you continue to believe Joan as Sadie when Sadie becomes a rich man's wife.  Sadie shows toughness and compassion as she fights to save Jack's alcohol abused life in spite of suspicions that she is just after his money. I have always had ambivalent feelings about Miss Crawford since watching the supposed "true" story of her terrifying relationship with her daughter Christina in "Mommie Dearest".  Whether or not this was true, Crawford still has many fans and lifelong friends who adore and defend her.  They describe her loyalty, generousity, and her earnest commitment to her craft.   And indeed, that commitment is quite evident in her role as Sadie McKee.  Joan realistically displays a full range of emotions through the different stages of Sadie's life. With skill and spirit, Crawford makes you care about our tenacious and tender heroine, Sadie. "Sadie McKee" is a first rate production in every department.  Good show!     