 Simply stated, Richard Rodgers is America's finest composer. No other composer in our history equals the consistent quality, innovativeness, range, and sublime beauty of his compositions. Rodgers' exquisite, unforgettable melodies are crafted with such subtle ingenuity and sophistication that they never lose their freshness or their appeal.  Rodgers' musical genius was brilliantly matched in two legendary partnerships, the first with lyricist Lorenz Hart, and the second with librettist-lyricist Oscar Hammerstein II. Rodgers' collaboration with these two gifted men elevated and transformed musical theater into a true and distinctive American art form.  The magic of the Rodgers & Hammerstein partnership is beautifully realized in their definitive version of "Cinderella". No other composer was more adept than Rodgers in translating character and plot into music.  And in "Cinderella" as in all of his compositions, he does so with perfect clarity, inventiveness and irresistibility. Hammerstein's ever elegant lyrics are alternately and appropriately wise, witty, rapturous, and heartbreaking. Hammerstein had an unerring understanding of the human heart which is why he is able to consistently evoke profound empathy for his characters and their predicaments. Rodgers' graceful and exceptionally beautiful score is infectious and exhilarating.  And those Rodgers waltzes- perfection, as always! "Cinderella" is blessed with a sterling cast including a young and very handsome Stuart Damon as the Prince.  Damon has a beautiful voice and is quite appealing.  Newcomer Lesley Anne Warren, who sounds like an angel singing, is captivating and lovely.  The maturity, intensity, and poise of her performance as Cinderella belie her tender age of 18 when this production was mounted.  Celeste Holme as the Fairy Godmother, Ginger Rogers as the Queen, and Walter Pidgeon as the King add gravity and warmth to the proceedings.  And the comedic performances of Pat Carroll, Barbara Ruick, and Jo Van Fleet as Cinderella's nasty stepsisters and stepmother, respectively, sparkle, amuse,  and delight.  What more can I say?  Don't miss this!     