 "Kate and Leopold" is a marvelous and whimsical romantic comedy blessed with an ensemble of gifted actors who demonstrate a great flair for sophisticated, light comedy.  The story concerns Leopold, Duke of Albany (winningly portrayed by Hugh Jackman) who is transported from the 19th century into the 21st century via a "portal in time" discovered by Kate's ex-boyfriend, Stuart (neatly played by Liev Schreiber). Kate McKay (played by Meg Ryan) is a smart, industrious advertising analyst whose career is on the upswing while her love life takes a dive since breaking up with Stuart.  But her personal life gets a boost when Stuart introduces Leopold to Kate, although it is not love at first sight for Kate.   Kate initially believes that Leopold is a nutcase since he insists that he really is a 19th century Duke.  But Leopold's gallantry and earnestness eventually soften the cynical Kate's heart.  Love and complications ensue. Hugh Jackman is pitch perfect as the Duke.  Jackman wears nobility effortlessly.  And Meg Ryan is appealing and convincing as a career woman who discovers that there is more to life than work alone. I must comment on some of the negative remarks made about Meg Ryan by some reviewers here.  While I respect those reviewers' opinions, I wholeheartedly disagree with their displeasure over Miss Ryan.  Meg Ryan is a gifted actress who makes comedy look easy (and it isn't). And she has a pretty face which sometimes produces a goofy, endearing smile.   Meg Ryan cannot help the fact that she is cute, even adorable at times.  It is also not her fault that she has a girlishly youthful demeanor.  Because beneath her lightheartedness, Miss Ryan is able to convey through her expressive eyes a world-weariness and wisdom gained from life's sometimes harsh experiences.  To me, she is totally convincing as an intelligent, ambitious modern woman trying to balance a burgeoning career with a decent social life. "Kate and Leopold" is worthwhile because its characters are so likeable and identifiable.  Their longing for love and acceptance is universal.  This movie is a witty and insightful homage to longings fulfilled.     