 "Camille" is that rare occurance in movies where the story, director, star, and studio are all working in sync.  The result is one of the finest romantic dramas of all time. "Camille" is based on Alexandre Dumas tragic story of a tubercular Parisian courtesan, Marguerite, who sacrifices all for true love. George Cukor, the director, proved yet again that he is the consummate actor's director.  With impeccable taste and skill, he consistently brought out the best in the most gifted actors such as Katharine Hepburn, Spencer Tracy, Judy Garland, Cary Grant, and Audrey Hepburn to name a few. And with Greta Garbo as the star of "Camille", Cukor elicited one of the best performances in movie history.  You are never aware of Garbo acting.  She simply becomes Marguerite, the seemingly light-hearted, yet world-weary courtesan whose beauty and sexual favors she offers to wealthy men.  Those men in turn use her and then pay her. That is Marguerite's means of survival.  She is not educated or job-skilled but she is seductive to men, and she can capitalize upon that. Marguerite has never known true and unselfish love until she meets Armand Duvall, a young and principled man who falls in love with her at first sight.  He is earnestly played by a very handsome and youthful Robert Taylor. Armand is finally introduced to Marguerite by a mutual friend. Unbeknownst to Marguerite, Armand has visted her home for several months while she was convalescing from her tuberculosis.  He would visit with Marguerite's devoted housekeeper Nanine everyday to find out if Marguerite's health was improving.  He truly cared about her well-being. And even though Marguerite always has plenty of "friends" to party with, these so-called "friends" are mostly shallow and opportunistic.  When Armand is finally invited to one of Marguerite's soirees, he is the only one who is concerned that she is gasping and weak after a tubercular bout worsened by dancing. Marguerite is skeptical at first about Armand's devotion, but she finally realizes that he is truly in love with her.  He wants to take her away from Paris to the peaceful countryside where the fresh air and sunshine will help her to get well. And Marguerite and Armand do spend an idyllic summer in the countryside until something happens to disrupt their tranquility.  I will not disclose what happens next. For those who have never seen Greta Garbo in a movie before, I would alert you that her beauty is transcendent.   There are no earthly words to adequately describe her luminous, extraordinary visage.  Combine that beauty with formidable talent, and you can understand why Garbo was and still is a legend. Garbo's performance as the tragic Marguerite is not merely great, it is sublime.  Somehow she tranmits that there is a moral and selfless person beneath the apparently promiscuous and materialistic person she has become. With exquisite subtly and restraint, Garbo as Marguerite convincingly conveys how profoundly Armand's love has not only touched her, but has transformed her entire being.  You acutely feel Marguerite's overwhelming joy and despair.  It is a perfectly modulated performance. As for the rest of the movie, "Camille" is a trademark world-class MGM production with gorgeous sets, breathtaking costumes, and lovely cinematography.  If you appreciate pure artistry in movie making, you'll love "Camille".     