 The first time I saw "The Song of Bernadette" was over 30 years ago.  I was a teenager and not inclined to watch black and white movies.  One day, "The Song of Bernadette" was broadcast on television.  My mother was excited about this because "Bernadette" had always remained one of her favorites.    Being the wise and wonderful person that she was, my mother convinced me to watch the entire movie with her in spite of my protests that black and white movies were "outdated" and "creepy-looking".  And I am so grateful to her that she did this.  After seeing "The Song of Bernadette", my opinion of "old" movies changed forever.  I began to realize why so many old movies are considered classics.  "The Song of Bernadette" tells the story of a young peasant girl Bernadette, played by Jennifer Jones, whose visions of the Virgin Mary make her the object of suspicion and scorn among the local townfolk and clergy.  The town's politicians consider Bernadette a disruption and an impediment to their future plans.  They attempt, unsuccessfully, to have her deemed insane or a fraud.  But Bernadette's pure heart and devotion sustain her against her enemies.  Every component of this movie is praiseworthy including the assured, compassionate direction by Henry King; the vivid photography by Arthur Miller; the reverential music score by Alfred Newman; the intelligent screenplay; the authentic sets and costumes; and the acting.  Most crucial to "The Song of Bernadette's" success is the quality of the lead performance.  In the role of Bernadette, Jennifer Jones (in her film debut) delivers and then some!  With extraordinary skill and sensitivity, Miss Jones "becomes" the humble peasant girl whose self-sacrifice, quiet strength, and unwavering devotion inspire multitudes.  I can think of few actresses other than Miss Jones who could render a performance so profound in its simplicity and truthfulness.    "The Song of Bernadette" is one of those rare movies that has the power to transform even the staunchest skeptics.              