 It is appropriate that one of literature's greatest and most tragic figures, Tolstoy's Anna Karenina, is given compelling life on screen by one of fildom's most gifted and spellbinding artists, Greta Garbo, in MGM's luxurious production of Tolstoy's masterpiece, "Anna Karenina". Anna is the neglected wife of Russian aristocrat/bureaucrat, Karenin, haughtily portrayed by Basil Rathbone. Karenin is consumed by his career and social standing.  It seems that the only reason he married Anna and had a son with her is to enhance his "respectibility" in society. When a handsome officer, Count Vronsky, played with conviction by Frederic March, understandably is infatuated by the astonishingly beautiful and charming Anna, he makes this known to her.  He is persistent in his pursuit of her. At first Anna is reticent to his charms, but eventually succumbs. This story takes place during the 1800's under the reign of Czar Nicholas I of Russia.  In this era, there was a strict and judgmental social code.  Adultery was treated like a crime or a contagious disease, and Anna finds herself the object of scorn and ridicule among society. Anna's husband Karenin refuses to grant Anna a divorce and tells their son that Anna is dead when she flees to Venice with Vronsky. Eventually Anna becomes a social outcast because of her affair, and Vronsky begins to suffocate from their relationship. He decides to go off to war rather than be with Anna constantly. Devasted by Vronsky's abandonment and shunned by society, Anna's fate is tragic. I can imagine few other actresses than Greta Garbo who could so realistically embody the character of Anna. Anna is essentially a good person, a loving mother, and dutiful wife.  But she is starved for tenderness and affection so she turns to Vronsky.  Garbo subtly conveys Anna's despair and loneliness in her loveless marriage to Karenin.  Garbo makes you empathize with her predicament, and you truly feel the joy, passion, and guilt that Anna experiences as she falls in love with Vronsky. As an actress, Garbo is a minimalist in the best sense.  She understands that less is more.  She can gladden or break your heart with a glance, a smile, or the slightest tilt of her posture.  Her eyes are wondrously expressive. This is a masterful, mature, and dignified performance by a consummate actress. As for the rest of the movie, the direction, sets, and photography are all impressive.  And Garbo's unearthly beauty is complemented by the ravishing costumes designed by Adrian. This version of "Anna Karenina" is a triumph.     