 Brilliant, prophetic, and savagely funny, "Network" examines the consequences of a world that is increasingly governed by large corporations and globalization.  In "Network", this state of affairs is satirized through the machinations of fictional UBS, a multinational media giant.  The growth and survival of this corporate titan transcends all other considerations including humanity and morality.  UBS is aided in its quest for world domination by an unthinking, desensitized audience who are lulled into watching UBS' trashy, sensationalistic primetime lineup.  Their hightest rated show is a quasi "news and entertainment" program, "The Howard Beale Show".  Beale is an idealistic, legitimate newsman who suffers a televised nervous breakdown which, as it turns out, scores huge  Nielsen ratings.  The ruthless, opportunistic UBS executives waste no time in exploiting Beale's mental illness by giving him his own television series where his deranged rantings can serve as "entertainment" for the masses.  The Beale show is initially a big hit.  But the masses prove fickle, and they start to abandon the show when the novelty wears thin and when they no longer like what Beale is telling them.  The network executives are gravely concerned about the ratings descent because it could cost them their jobs.  With calculated efficiency, they devise a plan to get rid of Howard Beale while garnering big ratings in the process.    "Network" is an unsparing indictment of corporate greed and corruption and the public's frequent complicity in the activities of big business.  Not that all big business is bad, but we are seeing increased negative effects from tremendous power and wealth concentrated in the hands of a few.  Profits are supplanting ethics.  Look at Enron, Worldcom, or the big oil companies.  The mega-mergering of so many huge corporations crushes competition and results in fewer and less diverse choices to consumers.  It can also damage our environment.  Capitalism is good, but unchecked capitalism without any sense of public responsibility, regulation, or fair play can cause much harm to many. We need a balance. Otherwise, the world as depicted in "Network", resembles reality more than it should.             