 I am an American born Chinese, and I am very impressed by this exceptionally fine production of "The Good Earth".  I am also not bothered by the casting of Caucasian actors, Paul Muni and Luise Rainer, in the lead roles.  This was an expensive production for MGM.  They understandably sought well-known stars who could draw audiences into movie theaters.  Muni and Rainer were both Oscar winners with the name recognition and prestige that MGM needed to make this project viable. I give enormous credit to Thalberg and MGM for hiring a mostly Chinese cast and for bringing a story about Chinese peasants to the screen in the first place.  In the 1930's, the world was much more provincial than it is today.  It took courage for MGM to undertake such a project as "The Good Earth".   As it turned out, the studio's foresight paid off because this movie achieved both critical and popular success when originally released.   The 1937 version of "The Good Earth" most assuredly stands the test of time. As other reviewers have so eloquently expressed  here, every aspect of this production is superb with emphasis on the skillful direction and special effects.  The special effects in this movie are even more realistic than alot of the effects you see in today's movies.  Mercifully, they used REAL locusts in the 1937 version of "The Good Earth".  If "The Good Earth" were filmed today, "animatronic" locusts or computer generated images of locusts would be used instead.  Those generally are not as convincing as the real thing. But what really sets this movie apart from other great films are the quality of the two lead performances by Paul Muni and Luise Rainer.  Muni's character, Wang Lung, is a poor, unsophisticated farmer.  Muni could have easily portrayed him as a caricatural "hick from the sticks" or as a bumbling ethnic stereotype.  Instead, he gives the farmer depth and universality as a decent, hardworking man who has not had the advantages of education or travel, but who wants to make life better for his family.  Wang Lung is basically a simple man, yet he is not simple-minded.  Muni is able to convey the keen intelligence and drive beneath the farmer's lack of worldly experience. Luise Rainer is a revelation as the farmer's wife, O-Lan.  O-Lan's quiet strength, selflessness, and dignity are poignantly suggested by the gifted Miss Rainer whose slightest gestures, glances, or whispers can make the audience feel tidal waves of empathy and emotion. I only wish that more people were familiar with this brilliant and ethereally beautiful actress.  Miss Rainer's performance as O-Lan seems to transcend acting and enter the realm of spiritualism.  It's truly one of the great performances by any actor in any medium.   For that alone, you must see this movie.     