 Just One Look is not the roller coaster ride of Coben's other books; Tell No One, Gone For Good, and No Second Chance.  This book is more a trip on a slightly rolling sea....until the last few pages when you are hit by a giant wave you didn't see coming.  Pure Harlan Coben. I agree with other reviewers that this latest adventure is not as outstanding as Coben's others.  Let us not forget, though, that a good Coben novel is better than 90% of other authors' great novels. As I'm sure you know by now, this is a story of a happy, successful couple with two children who are blindsided by someone placing a 15 year old picture in with recently developed family snapshots.  The husband disappears, the wife searches for him, and a myriad of characters pop out of the pages from the past of both husband and wife. Both of whom have a serious past. Oddly, for 2 people who have been married for years, these two know basically nothing about each other's lives before they met.  That takes a bit of a leap of faith.  Another criticism is that I really wasn't invested in the two main characters.  Coben failed to develop them to the point where I particularly cared what happened to them.  This is not to say that I didn't want to know how it all would end, because I did, and read this in one day.  Unlike Coben's past 3 novels, however, I was able to put it down for minutes at a time and go about my day. Yes, some of the characters are stereotypes and the one I came to care about most was a pure Coben twist character - a woman who is in the right place at all of the wrong times and, in my opinion, was the true heroine of a story which didn't contain many, if any, heroic folk.  This is a story of how youthful indescretions can wreak havoc and come back to haunt you many years later with the help of a few flawed personalities.  It is definitely a must read, a good story, and an ending that made me want to go back and reread the whole story to see why I didn't see that big wave coming.     