 Finally, the WWF releases an album with REAL music performed by REAL singers. WWF Forceable Entry is a pretty cool CD.  1. The Game - this is one of the best songs on the entire CD. Drowning Pool's version is a whole lot better than Motorhead's version. I wish Triple H would use this song as his theme instead of Motorhead's.  2. Legs - this song is terrible. Kid Rock can make some pretty cool music but this just isn't it. Stick to the original version of "Legs" by ZZ Top. 3. Young Grow Old - this song, performed by Creed, is enjoyable if you're a Creed fan. I don't listen to it much but still a good song.  4. Glass Shatters - finally this long-awaited smash hit is released on CD. I listen to it often. It's one of my favorite songs ever performed by Disturbed. Play it loud!!!  5. Rollin' - O.K. I am so sick and tired of hearing this song. It's so old, tiring, and boring. If you feel the same way, do what I do: AVOID THIS SONG!!!! It's so out of date. 6. Whatever - this song starts out like a dud but gets better & harder as you listen to it. Chris Benoit has an awesome theme. I freaking love this one. 7. Never Gonna Stop - I like the original version better. Still cool though. Rob Zombie is one of my all-time favorite singers. 8. One Of a Kind - this is not like the version RVD uses on TV. It starts out differently and doesn't sound as cool.  9. The Beautiful People - I love Marilyn Manson. And this is one of his best songs ever, but this is not like his album version. It's longer and remixed a little bit. Stick to the original. 10. Across the Nation - I liked the old Raw Is War theme (Thorn In Your Eye) better than this one. However, this song is still pretty cool. It would sound even better if I could hear an uncensored version of it.  11. Break Down the Walls - after hearing this terrible song, I can understand why Chris Jericho has never once used it on TV. 12. Turn the Tables - Saliva does a good job with the beat on this jam, but the lyrics are kind of silly.  13. Live For the Moment - the Hardy Boyz don't even use this old washed up theme on TV. I can see why: It's ridiculous!!! 14. End of Everything - this is an incredible heavy metal jam performed by Stereomud. One question though: Did it really have to have the sounds of crows on it? 15. Ride of Your Life - I hate this song. It's stupid and wierd. Avoid it. Who in the heck is Neurotica anyway?  16. Just Another Victim - I don't like this stupid song.  17. No Chance - I don't understand why Vince McMahon doesn't use this as his entrance theme. He still uses his other version than this one, and this one is much better.  18. Lovefurypassionenergy - I like this song just a little bit. But I could still do without it. Much better than Lita's theme on WWF The Music, Volume 5. Boy Hits Car does an O.K. job but the singing should be better. WWF Forceable Entry is a cool CD, but I wish there was an uncensored version available.     