 WWE No Way Out 2001 was a pretty good PPV. Although it wasn't perfect, it still deserves a positive review. At first, I didn't like it. But after watching it more closely, I realized it was better than I'd given it credit for. Here's a list of the matches, each with a personal review & star rating: Hardcore Championship match Raven vs. Big Show - This match was far from being 'hardcore.' Just two guys taking a bunch of stupid bumps while using phony weapons. These are the kind of matches that should never happen in the first place. It's so cartoonish it's not even funny. * Fatal Four-Way Match for the IC Championship Chris Jericho vs. Chris Benoit vs. X-Pac vs. Eddie Guerrero - Now this is how you do a fatal four-way match! Technically and athletically, this is one heck of a match. ***1/4 Stephanie McMahon vs. Trish Stratus - I got a kick out of this catfight. Trish & Stephanie look so hot, and watching them beat the mess out of each other is a blast! My favorite part is when Stephanie splashes Trish with a pitcher of water at ringside. Not much of a wrestling match, but still fun to watch if you like catfights. *** Jerry 'the King' Lawler vs. Steven Richards - Those hoping to see The Kat get naked will be very disappointed. This match should have never happened. It stunk. * Triple Threat Tag Team Title Table Match Dudley Boyz vs. Edge & Christian vs. Kane & Undertaker - This was a pretty good match. It started out really well and caught my interest. Unfortunately, it just didn't quite stick together as the match seemed to fall apart & lose its punch at about halfway. Still watchable though. **1/4 2 Out-of-3 Falls Match Stone Cold Steve Austin vs. Triple H - I don't know about everybody else but I thought this match was a bit disappointing. It was too long and dragged on too much. The 1st Fall was pretty good. The 2nd Fall (street fight) was fair, but not as good as it could have been. When Austin found a barbed wire bat hidden at ringside, I got really excited. But when Triple H got ahold of it and went to hit Austin in the head with it, you can clearly see Austin block it with his hand. Austin blew it! The backdrop through the announce table was cool, but the rest of the match was just slow and boring. The 3rd Fall (steel cage match) was fair. The barb wire bat was used a lot during this Fall, but you can tell it isn't really doing any damage. No skin being ripped open or anything. The blood doesn't really look that good either. This match in my opinion was the most over-rated match of 2001. It was still a good match though, with a fair amount of violence and hardcore action. If you love 2-Out-of-3 Falls matches, then you don't wanna miss it. *** WWE Championship match The Rock vs. Kurt Angle - This was the best match on the whole PPV. It has great athleticism, great psychology, and is a must-see match for any true wrestling fan. It also has some unpredictable twists you have to see for yourself. *****     