 This game is da bomb!! Forget about Mortal Kombat Trilogy on the Nintendo 64. The Playstation version blows that one away! You get to pick more selectable fighters, including Goro, Kintaro, Motaro, Shao Kahn, Jax & Kung Lao from MK 2, and Raiden & Kano from MK 1. Plus, the sound fx and music are equivelant to the smash arcade hit. And speaking of the incredible soundtrack, you can even stick this disc into your CD player and actually listen to music from the game! In other words, MKT is both a video game and a music CD!!! Of course, this thing is loaded with plenty of blood and violence, but that should be a real treat for gore hounds. Diehard MK fans will definetly get their moneys worth. The options menu offers you some pretty cool stuff, including automatic combos! That's right, you can do combos simply by tapping one button! That rocks! The graphics & animation look pretty good for a 2-D game, and the controls and gameplay work together nicely. However, this game does have its cons. The game only has one cheat menu, which kind of s*cks. The one-button-fatalities mode messes up sometimes. The game itself freezes sometimes and you have to reset the game. If you have both a PS1 and a PS2, avoid playing this game on your PS2. Instead, play it on your PS1. This game messes up a lot when played on the PS2 console. I'm not sure why, but it plays good on the regular PS. All of the stage fatalities are here except for the Pit 2 fatality, but I can do without it. The bosses are incredibly hard to beat, unless you play as one of the bosses yourself. You can beat Shao Kahn best with Noob Saibot by shooting your ring at him and doing combos on him. The bosses don't have fatalities, but they sure are tough. The storyline on this game s*cks and doesn't go into detail like MK3 did. However, each character has their original tournament outcome when you beat the game, which is cool.  Other than that, this game is still da bomb! Straight & simple. If you're a diehard blood-thirsty MK fan, then get this freakin' game now. Otherwise, steer clear.     