 I adore Anne Rice. Indeed, she is probably my favorite author.  So when I heard her son had written a book, there was no question that I'd buy it.  I was also prepared to like it regardless, because it would seem somehow disloyal to her to not appreciate her child's work.  How shallow that was of me!! By the time I reached the middle of the third page of A Density of Souls, I had forgotten that the author had a famous mother, or that the book happened to be set in the same city where vampires and witches roam in other novels.  I was totally ensconced in the world of New Orleans with four children, riding their bicycles through the humid, iron laced decadence that is the Garden District.   Stephen, Meredith, Brandon, Greg and the other characters of this book became my constant companions for the next few hours.  I read while they grew, loved, hated and lived through what could very well be a true story.  I think that the scariest stories of all are about the true feelings of people. In this book it shows, in all its ghastly truth, how one line uttered by one individual can change another person's destiny and life.  I don't beleive that there isn't a time that any of us haven't tried to grasp what we think will be popularity or happiness at the expense of another individual.  It's a nasty trait in all of us and this book shows how that kind of selfishness can effect, not just one, but several people. Christopher Rice has a great knack of showing off the story at different viewpoints.  Whether it's a character you like, or one of the characters you don't care for, you get a glimpse of what they are all feeling and what is compelling them to do the things they do.  Don't get me wrong, you have to be patient, as the flower will not bloom completely until the book is almost over.  But you will get all the answers and, if not relate to the character, at least you will understand them and what their motivation is. A Density of Souls also happens to be a terrific mystery.  It's not set up in the typical who-done-it formula.  It's more an unveiling of emotions and actions that make for even more compelling reading.  You grow with the characters, with society and within yourself as you read. I would definately recommend A Density of Souls.  It's by a really terrific new author.  Coincidentally, his last name happens to be Rice.  Judge him all on his own....he's worth it!!!     