 Rebecca Blood of Rebecca's Pocket wrote this 200 page tome in 2002. I finished reading it in 2006. I would say about half of the information provided is dated or anachronistic. While her blog is full of interesting reading material for a technophile, the book needs a major overhaul.  Where is it useful? It's filled with practical advice as the title suggests. Most of that practical advice is more related to being a decent human being than it is to blogging. The Weblog Handbook is a good read if you are ethically challenged or prone to getting into flame wars with other citizens of the virtual reality we called the Net. It's a good read if you want to blog for the long term and aren't sure what sort of writing will make people come back to visit you again and again.  What isn't useful? Blogging is, like most new technology, a rapidly evolving animal, and this book should be updated annually to keep up with the state of the genre. Blogging is just now emerging as a serious alternative source of valuable information about the world. Also, if you're looking for advice that will help you pick the best tool to blog with, this book is not going to help at all. In fact, no book will help much with that. A single author blog, in my opinion, here in 2006, should be written and published, in every case, with WordPress. It's by far the most elegant tool out there.  The Weblog Handbook doesn't mention either it or Movable Type, which is what Rebecca's Pocket is based on. If you need help figuring out how to blog in a civilized fashion, so that you will actually find and keep an audience, then The Weblog Handbook might need to go on your reading list. Other than that, I would say avoid this book unless it is re-released with more relevant information about the current state of blogging. Technology books have a very short shelf life. Rebecca herself is a class act, and so is Rebecca's Pocket. However, a major overhaul of The Weblog Handbook is long overdue.  Update: Rebecca read my review and noted that she has hand coded the site up until six days ago. I never visited her during the hand coding days. Rebecca certainly practices what she preaches in the The Weblog Handbook and is a maven when it comes to dispensing sage advice regarding blogging etiquette.  I still believe that The Weblog handbook would be a more useful tome if it included a chapter or two on current blogging tools and if it was updated annually or every other year.     