 Why isn't this an Oprah pick?  It doesn't fit the Oprah formula of victimized heroines rising above their horrific circumstances to transform their lives.  The Tattooed Girl, Alma Busch, is more anti-heroine than heroine.  She cannot think for herself, but instead incubates the thinking of her pimp/boyfriend Dmitri into an anti-Semitic rage against the only ostensible Jew she knows who turns out not to be a real Jew.   Alma is not really tattooed in an artful, positive, erotic, aesthethic way, but instead, is BRANDED by amateurish, home-made tattooes probably made by abusive men as she passed out into drug induced oblivion and could not defend herself. Her tattooes are not even identifiable as tattooes and many believe they are birthmarks. Her defenselessness becomes her downfall. Joshua Siegl is the son of a Jewish father and Presbyterian Mother and is baptized in the Presbyterian church.  However, probably because of his wealth, the anti-Semetic attitude of Dmitri, a waiter who is well tipped by Joshua at a local cafe, is excreted from Dmitri's character into the blank slate of Alma's mind, which doesn't know how to think for it itself. What is even more scary is her irrational feelings of love to Dmitri who abuses her - but, I suppose this is part and parcel of the abused victim psyche. Dmitri takes the Tattooed Girl, Alma, off the street, from her runaway status, feeds her food, then feeds her drugs, then pimps her out yet she loves him so irrationally and despises Joshua Siegl equally irrationally who has only ever treated her kindly only because Dmitri despises Joshua.   Then, it seems, Alma starts to feel beyond blind hate and comes to love Joshua as she then begins to despise and shun Dmitri who is merely using her as a cash cow. (Oprah theme: anti-heroine is smartening up).  Just at the point of transformation in Alma's life, where this could be a formula Oprah book with the anti-heroine going on to a better life, Oates ends the story in a dramatic denouement. This book is not about plot and action and place as much as it is about the dark corners of the psyche. Characters are masterfully developed by Oates.  The writing describes the inner minds of the characters interspersed with enough dialogue between the characters to keep the reader interested and advance the plot. The portrayal of Jet, Joshua's sister, a secondary character to the primary characters is masterful.  Jet is portrayed as a mentally ill addict and the scene of Jet drunk and trying to play chess with her brilliant brother Joshua is finely crafted by Oates.  Anyone who has been sober while watching a loved one get smashed and sick will appreciate the reality of this scene. A short novel compared to lets say "We Were the Mulvaneys", it is quite readable and concise although some of Alma's anti-semitic inner rants and rages were nearly repeated to the point of tedium.  Fortunately, that theme turned and twisted at just the right moment to keep my interest. If you are a film aficionado familiar with the film noir genre, this book could be called "book noir" - Dark, pessimistic, uncomfortably real.     