 FANTASTIC.  INSIGHTFUL.  MAKES ME LAUGH OUT LOUD.  MAKES ME CRY.  This book was "performed" in a SUMMER READING PROGRAM by our local library and MIDDLE SCHOOLS AND HIGH SCHOOLS IN THE AREA.  Each "Chapter" of the Book IS A DIFFERENT PERSON, Describing how the urban garden touched their life!  We had 13 different "actors" of all ages, adults and children read this aloud in a "play" oral tradition format.  However, the first chapter, "Kim", was played by a very young girl.  There were boys who did a great job reading and acting their chapters and four adults.  As far as the AGE APPROPRIATENESS of this book as discussed by other reviewers, I understand their concerns.  However, we had young people exposed to this material and as I contemplate some of the misgivings of the other reviewers here I am wondering if this type of summer reading program might not be another avenue of introducing  some of the lessons of diversity described by other reviewers here.  Maybe it depends on the setting.  This was a very supportive setting where parents and children, grandmothers and great grandfathers were in the audience for the oral reading.  Everyone laughed.  The misgivings of the pregnant teen in the book were real.  Shocking yes, but real.  I would want my children to learn about teen pregnancy in a school setting like this rather than on the playground with no adults around.  The teen pregnancy part of the book is really a small part of the book and can be skipped if there is concern about younger readers.   I certainly wish that I had had this type of lesson in diversity when I was in middle school than the one I got on the playground and from other negative influences.  It has taken me a lifetime to overcome some of the messages of childhood and embrace diversity as a white male.  Do your child a favor. Help them learn diversity and tolerance.  Read this book with them.  The world will be a better place for it and it won't take a lot of your time either.  End of sermon.      