 I heard Mr. Offutt on the Radio, National Public Radio, talking about this book about "going back home".  "Returning home" has been a dimension in my own life, so, I connected with the author's observations. The radio interview with Mr. Offutt piqued my curiosity and this is the first book I have read of his.  So, that being said, unlike other reviewers, I have read no other works of his to compare this one to (which other reviewers have). I knew the book was about returning home to Eastern Kentucky.  I read the jacket cover of the book where it revealed that Mr. Offut now lives in Iowa City, Iowa.  So, before I read the first page, I surmised that he went back home to Kentucky but for some reason didn't stay there.  This was confusing?  Maybe confusing is the wrong word.  Disappointing - dismaying.  It was obvious before even starting the book that going back "home" didn't work out. I went to college also in the Appalachian mountains and Offutt's descriptions of the Kentucky Mountains, ridges and hollows (hollers), was evocative and brought me back to those days of my own.  His interactions with his former teachers and friends were good I thought.  He runs into a former girlfriend and briefly thinks about what could have been with her for about two paragraphs.  He talks about his adolescence.   I too have been involved in college teaching and I found his descriptions of reaching out to one or two  of his special students quite poignant and very real. I found his descriptions of interacting with town folk with special language and gestures quite accurate.  He painted a good picture in my mind and I only wish there was more of it!  His anecdote about going into the bank for a mortgage loan was a great piece of writing as he paints the picture of getting the loan without even having his college teaching job signed, sealed and delivered yet. I agree with the other reviewers who have mentioned the Chapters about the Holocaust.  Offutt's in laws are survivors of the Holocaust and he intersperses chapters about them and their war time experiences throughout his own memoir.  It is like two books in one but it did not work for me.  I like the Kentucky part that are Offutt's own, not his transcription of his in laws talking about themselves into a microcassette recorder.  Right now, I do not want to read a book about the Holocaust, and I felt deceived a little to find that material interspersed in his own personal memoir.  Maybe this is some creative device that went over my head?  If so, someone please explain it to me. I rated the book lower than 5 stars for the reason of the Holocaust chapters. I greatly enjoyed the Kentucky chapters.  If I want to read books about the Holocaust, I will get those when I choose to. ajdjr73@aol.com     