 I have read many of the previous reviews and they seem to fall into two camps:  those who appreciated this book and those that felt it was a sleeper.  I can appreciate both views.  It depends what you are looking for in a book.  Books read differently.  I can concur with those who said that reading Oprah's Book List can be depressing.  Our local library actually distributes antidote lists of books for us patrons who are depressed from reading Oprah's picks.  So, I would agree that this falls in with other Oprah picks.  For those previous reviewers who found the book "slow" I would also agree.  There are many passages in the story where the characters are assembled and the narrator,Jewel,is describing the scene, the other characters and her thoughts all at the same time.  A brief interaction can seem painstakingly slow as we plow through her thoughts and want to see how this description advances the plot.  Once you break through these passages, the plot advances until you get to the next slow passage and you just have to work through that one too.  Isn't that an allegory for Life? A previous reviewer commented that Jewel is in search of her God.  I agree.  This theme recurs throughout the book and seems to be part and parcel to Oprah's book picks.  I found Jewel's coming to terms with her Higher Power (God) quite interesting though.  These epiphanies are sprinkled lightly throughout the book.  One memorable phrase is that her prayers were answered but what was delivered from God was not only a blessing but a curse. This reminded me of the phrase "be careful what you wish for, you just might get it"! I do not believe that this book is about caring for a special needs child per se as one reviewer mentioned. If you look at this book from the perspective of caring for a special needs child, you will be disappointed.   I am a male and I have a friend with a special needs child.  This book gave me great insights into motherhood and the special brand of motherhood involved in caring for a special child.     