 I heartily agree with all the comments of the reviewers above who rated this flick positively. For me, it was NOT a movie about racism. It is a movie about synchronicity (see the book "The Celestine Prophecy") for a story about synchronicity. Things happen = happenstance, random, coincidence, serendipitous...... Danny Glover's performance in this move was powerful! I really loved his character and all the scenes he is in. He takes care of his sister, niece and nephew while he chats on a deaf enabled telephone to his deaf daughter who lives in Washington D.C. Technologically, a precursor look at Instant Messaging circa 1990 that people who are deaf used with a phone and a modem. So, even though Simon is a tow truck driver, he uses this technology in his home to be a father to his daughter. He helps Mack, Kevin Kline's character and Mack and Simon develop a friendship. I found this a very realistic theme. I have had similar experiences. The actress who played Simon's sister was dynamite as she portrayed her sheer terror, panic and hysteria as her humble home is riddled with gang's automatic weapons bullets. Her performance is of academy award caliber as is Danny Glover's. Alfre Woodard who plays Jane, who becomes Simon's main "squeeze" is also a powerful, powerful performance in its simplicity. The scene of Jane and Simon on their first date is definite academy ward winning acting. Mary McDonnell as Claire, is a powerful character. All the characters are well developed and different and there is depth to their personalities. Patrick Malone as Otis, Simon's nephew who does not believe he can survive past age 25 is excellent. Steve Martin as a movie producer who makes blood and guts movies  is a caricature and provides not so much comic relief as "cad" relief as he plays a louse. The scene of Steve Martin shot in the leg foaming at the mouth is horrible. Blood is a character in this movie. Blood being scrubbed off the sidewalk. Blood on a cutting board in the kitchen. Blood on the chest of an old man given CPR. Ambulances are a character throughout. There is an omnipresent police helicopter that is a device that separates the "chapters" or vignettes of the story. Architecture is interwoven as the beauty of the buildings and their patina in changing light is juxtaposed against the violence coming down around their beauty. Dream sequences of Kevin Kline and Mary McDonell are bizarre and realistic, the way many of our dreams are and shows how we try to work out the issues in our lives in our dreams. I found this to be a finely wrought, highly crafted film that I can watch repeatedly and never tire of. All the criticism of the film listed above and of the Kasdans as producers are pure idiocy. Those reviewers, I can only conclude, have not experienced the spiritual synchronicity depicted in the film and thus "can't relate" to it, don't see it as realistic. All of us are on spiritual journeys. Some of us are farther along than others. Kevin Cline's character meaningfully struggles with "creative meddling" that he does in other peoples' lives. I suspect many of us rarely introspect about the meddling or impact we have on others. As Mack says, we have to reach out to those who come into our lives and pull us back from the brink.  This is truly a great film.     