 This is my first Robert Parker novel so I began reading with no knowledge of the character's histories or of the author's style.  It took me a few chapters to form an impression.  My impression; this is a parody of sorts.  The author is attempting a `tongue in cheek' spoof of the hard-boiled private I novel.  The book is almost totally dialog between the two main characters Hawk and Spencer.  A difficulty factor should be assigned here because one of the characters speaks in broken-English.  You may find yourself re-reading sentences with misused verbs trying to guess the meaning.  This broken-English speech pattern is the author's version of tough street talk.  Instead what came to mind wasn't so much street talk as the way Tonto spoke to the Lone Ranger.   So, what was the book about?  I'm not really sure.  Hawk and Spencer spend their days together having an endless discussion about how tough they are.  From time to time they encounter a friend whom they include in this discussion.  When they run into someone who is not a friend-and therefore an enemy--he is quickly eliminated with a bullet to the forehead.    Sound like psychopathic behavior?  These two guys are poster children for that mental disorder.    In addition, Parker keeps his protagonists one-dimensional.  That's part of the tough guy persona.  There is no depth to any of the people in this novel.  If any of them were three dimensional, it would terrify you.  Let's just say they are not the kind of principal characters you usually find in a mystery novel.    But since I believe this is meant to be very dark humor, I read doggedly on to the end.  Hawk's girlfriend sums the book up wonderfully on page 287 when she says "So many to kill.  So little time."  And yes, she really does say that describing the lifestyle of her beloved.   It would have made a great sketch for Saturday Night Live.   If you haven't tried any of John Sanford's Lucas Davenport novels, they make a much more exciting read.  Try one.      