 Sometimes when you try a new author you are wonderfully surprised.  Sometimes when you try a new author it's a struggle to get through every page and you throw the book away without ever finishing.  This book falls into the second category. When widow Lucy Swift's family is threatened, she won't go to the local Sheriff.  (Sheriffs are usually the ones to see when you find bullet holes in your dining room walls.)  Lucy somehow just "knows" the law can't help her.  She has a father-in-law who is a senator.  She won't go to him for help either.  Why you ask.  Her indecisive, wishy-washy parenting has brought criticism from the father-in-law in the past.  She's too weak to risk more advise from the senator so she has to keep the threats a secret from him.     Lucy takes a little trip to Wyoming  to ask for help from Sebastian Redwing, a friend of her deceased husband.  Sebastian ran a security company until he killed a bad guy.  Later he finds he didn't really kill the bad guy, but just the thought has sent him into a neurotic state of seclusion.   Anyway he's a surly, rude, misogamist who's hiding out in a hut without running water or electricity.  (Seems like he could have used some of that money he was saving on electricity to see a psychiatrist about his social problems.  Maybe going without bathing and wearing dirty underwear is his idea of psychic healing.) Turns out Sebastian wasn't such a good choice in the help department.  First thing he does while skulking through the woods looking for evildoers is to tumble off a cliff.  Of course this requires Lucy to take care of him.  Ah, what woman could resist falling for a mean-mouthed guy with poor judgment, serious psychological issues, and a concussion? For everyone who thinks rude, uncommunicative macho-men are romantic as heck, get this book.  Personally, I like my men with a deep appreciation of the finer things in life like hot showers, electric washing machines, and good reading lamps.  Doesn't hurt if they actually want to say a few words to me now and then either.     