 The American president discovers that the U.S. has a deep commonality of beliefs and goals with the British, while he comes to view the French delegation as "the hardest I ever tried to do business with." The winning coalition is in the process of trying to destroy the militarism of the vanquished, while rehabilitating the vanquished nation. Leaders face the generic question of which groups of people define a "nation," deserving of self-determination. Do shared race, religion, ethnicity, language, or even alphabet comprise a "nation" ?  No, this is not Baghdad 2003, but Paris 1919. As an earlier review said, the story of the post-World War I peace conference in Paris in 1919 is a "complex series of parallel stories," which are masterfully told by author MacMillan. The author provides in-depth coverage of the peace conference, while also giving the reader background on the history of each country and important diplomat, providing an understanding of each country's motivations and agenda in Paris, together with each delegation's political pressures at home. It was definitely a different time -- a time of paternalism and colonies -- a time when Wilson could pontificate about self-determination, but shoot down a proposed clause in the treaty calling for racial equality. The racial equality clause was proposed by our Japanese allies who were insulted by laws such as California's, which not only segregated Japanese but prohibited land ownership by Japanese. The dismissal of this Japanese proposal helped put Japan and the U.S. on an adversarial path. It was a time when the British blithely decided that the very different peoples in Mesopotamia should be brought together into what are now the borders of Iraq. The respective rights of Zionists and Palestinians in the Middle East were at issue. A young kitchen assistant at the Paris Ritz hotel sent in a petition asking that his native country, Vietnam, be granted independence from France. The petition was ignored, and the kitchen assistant was Ho Chi Minh. The conference also faced the issues of the end of the Russian monarchy, and the new Bolshevik revolution. Although the Bolsheviks weren't in control of all Russia, should the Bolsheviks be recognized and invited to Paris? The political missteps here helped convince the Soviets that the Allies were not their friends. Perhaps the largest issue, of course, was how to treat Germany. How important was it to assign "guilt" to Germany for World War I? How just was it to compel war reparation payments from Germany? What should have been included in the "bill" ? How large should those payments have been -- how much of Germany's economic product should be taken from it? Did the fact, and size, of these payments contribute to the rise of Hitler, and the Second World War? MacMillan deals with these issues at length. The Paris Peace conference came down to several men sitting in a room and talking, remaking the world as they did. The ramifications of what they decided will continue well into the future. MacMillan says, "If they could have done better, they certainly could have done much worse." I recommend this book to anyone interested in the historical underpinnings of the current world situation. When you finish it, it's like listening to the Paul Harvey feature -- "and now you know the rest of the story."     