 This book is a must-read for anyone wanting an in-depth history/ chronology of the Vietnam war.  It's primarily a political history, documenting the motivations and actions of leaders and those who advised them, and then how those decisions played out on the ground. One early event from the book is telling:  in May 1962, McNamara was making his first trip to Vietnam for a detailed briefing on the situation, particularly on Communist strength.  There were, in fact, an estimated 40,000 in local Communist battalions and identifiable guerrilla units.  His briefers tightened their criteria, and reduced that to 20,000 - 25,000.  THAT number had to be reduced, and was cut to 17,500.  By the time McNamara arrived in Vietnam, he was told the number was 16,305.  The night before the briefing, the colonel doing the briefing removed one-third of "enemy-controlled areas" from McNamara's briefing map. This book details not only how our government deceived the public, but also itself -- and goes into the motivations of the South Vietnamese, North Vietnamese, and their relations with China, Soviet Union, and the French. I do not see "lack of analysis" as a fault of this book, as a previous reviewer did.  The book does a great job of presenting what each actor said, wrote, and did -- in plenty of detail so that the reader can think for him/herself.  For instance, Langguth spells out exactly how Jack Kennedy SAID privately that he was planning on pulling out of Vietnam in his second term.  Would that have happened?  Would it have been prevented by Congress, and the need for conservatives' support on domestic issues?  Did Kennedy really mean what he said?  That's all interesting, but it's essentially speculation outside the scope of the book. I do think the book would have benefited from somehow presenting an overview of the war along with the detailed "novel" approach, which trusts the reader with independent knowledge of the war.  Also, the binding in my library copy was weak.     