 This book is worth reading if the reader wants a full perspective on the Vietnam war. In a lot of ways, the book is a wasted opportunity.  Having additional sources of information (the Abrams tapes) available to him, the author feels compelled to quote from those sources at length.  Wishing to point out who was responsible for a beneficial change in policy in the war, Sorley worships General Abrams and demonizes General Westmoreland.  Wanting to illustrate the unimportance of bombing North Vietnam, he mixes up statistics of Cessna mail flights with those of B-52 raids over Hanoi.  To persuade us that most South Vietnamese civilians were in safe hamlets and that the South Vietnam government was protecting its people, he forgets to tell us that the "safe hamlets" were not the villagers' own home hamlets. His main point is that moving away from Westmoreland's "search and destroy" tactic to Abram's "clear and hold" tactic brought us to the brink of winning the Vietnam War.  Yet let's not forget that the commanders' actions were often both dictated and limited by American politics:  Westmoreland had Johnson, and Abrams had Nixon. To what extent was South Vietnam a viable country?  They were much more our "client" than our "ally," by any measure.  Would pointless activities such as the Thieu/Ky rivalry, and Thieu's continuing support of ineffective generals, have ever resulted in a stable situation, such as we have now in North/South Korea?  Would the North Vietnamese have ever given up?  Would it be politically and physically possible to continually invade Laos, Cambodia, and the DMZ to deny the North Vietnamese their staging and supply areas?  Would we risk scuttling our valuable relationships with Russia and China to coerce Russia and China into abandoning North Vietnam? If you read this book, keep in mind that it has its limitations, biases, and inaccuracies.  Be sure to read other books, such as  _Our Vietnam/Nuoc Viet Ta: A History of the War 1954-1975_ by A. J. Langguth.     