 This is an amazing book containing oral histories of African American US soldiers during World War II.   While each story is different, common themes are that preserving white supremacy was a preeminent motivation of American life, and that such discrimination was usually enforced or condoned by the federal government through the military.  If African American soldiers were allowed to succeed, that would bring the Jim Crow system into question. The author skillfully orders these narratives, also noting the role played by each soldier and unit noted in a brief introduction before each narrative.  These soldiers give the facts, their opinions, and some general observations.  "At times it actually seemed that the white man would rather lose the war than give the black man the recognition he so clearly deserved." The African American had two enemies -- the Germans, and the white soldiers and civilians.  Southern law officers might force African American soldiers to march in the ditch, since the very highways were reserved for whites. There were times that African American soldiers would fight white soldiers who provoked them.  In the South, this might lead to a lynch mob.   A number of accounts note that German POWs were granted privileges denied to active duty African American soldiers.  One soldier notes that he had to walk down an alley to the back of an eatery in Texas to order food, while German POWs were allowed to eat inside;  this was a common practice in the South.  In the South, African American access to the base PX would be restricted.   Trained African American soldiers were assigned to stevedore duty.  Trained African American pilots were assigned to guard airbases which were in no danger of enemy attack.  White officers were promoted or transferred, to prevent them from having to follow the orders of an African American officer of higher rank in their unit.  Officers' clubs were "separate but unequal."   Only when mixed with African Americans in actual combat against the Germans, did whites treat African Americans equally.  There were rare exceptions of white officers and units who stood up to this segregation. This book is full of hundreds of such memories and incidents.  Some incidents recount how African American soldiers interacted with other minorities in the army, and with the citizens of different countries.  This book is slow reading, because each incident generates thought, but it is well worth reading.     