 This is a fantastic book.  Wills does a great job in discussing the general theories of the different steps people take when they disagree with government policy or action, with a number of pertinent examples.  Wills is excellent when discussing the beliefs of the American revolutionaries (which, he reminds us, were not revolting but seceding), and how those beliefs led to the Articles of Confederation and Constitution.  Reading this book will enlighten the reader to the archetypal forms of actions taken when people disagree with the government -- information, and even guidelines, that are highly relevant today.  He has particularly interesting insights on Thoreau, Martin Luther King Jr., and the Second Amendment. Yet at times Wills goes overboard in proving several of his viewpoints.  A major theme of the book is that Jackson, Webster and Lincoln were not only militarily, but logically and Constitutionally, correct in asserting that the South was wrong to secede.  Wills claims that the South's argument for secession was limited to an assertion of the southern states' rights under their states' prior sovereignty.  He then asserts that since the Union preceded the states, that the states were never sovereign.   Wills is right that the Constitution gives superior authority to the federal government, but   he omits that colonies of identical name and geography to the succeeding states were there long before the Union, and those colonies formed states which confederated into Articles of Confederation government.  Although the Constitution is written in the name of "We the People," it was drafted by state delegations to a convention of the states, and ratified by the states, which comprised the resulting Union.  These states' sovereignties is subsumed into the union, which was named the United States -- both the union and the states present. The South's hypocrisy (in claiming local rights while silencing local dissent), and the execrable reason for its secession (preserving slavery), do not by themselves refute the argument that the South had grounds to secede.  What if, alternatively, the six New England states got disgusted with the pro-slavery US and seceded to form a new slave-free country for the best of motives?  Would six freedom-loving states choosing to leave a slave-holding country be constitutionally justifiable?   If the Union had just let the South peaceably go, arguably there would have been trade between the US and Confederacy, and perhaps the Confederacy's internal inconsistencies would have caused it to implode, and/or do away with slavery on its own within a few decades.  This probably would have eliminated the seething and often violent resentment of the post-bellum South to the North, and possibly have led to a peaceable re-union.  Would letting the South go have set such a terrible precedent, since it's unlikely an issue as divisive as slavery would arise and cause later secessions? While Wills is a great writer and makes many compelling arguments, in some areas his logic falls short. While making the point that handguns are ineffective when not carefully aimed, as part of a larger debunking of American gun culture, Wills lists as evidence that Samuel Colt designed revolver barrels to remind the user of a finger, and we don't point from belt level, but "with extended arm, our finger at the end of it."  Yet, really, most pointing is _not_ done with finger at eye level, like an aimed handgun. Wills also says he can't understand why some motorcyclists protest mandatory helmet laws since they already accept other restrictions, such as obeying stop signs.  Yet those restrictions are of different kinds:  stop signs are for the benefit of all, while helmet use arguably protects only the individual.  This is not to say that motorcyclists shouldn't be compelled to protect themselves, but we should acknowledge the logical distinctions between the two prohibitions. There's also a typo where Wills should have said Thoreau expected to be released from jail even though his fine had _not_ been paid, and Wills misquotes the computer card "do not fold, spindle or mutilate" phrase. In all, it's a very worthwhile book to read.     