 This book is worth reading for anyone interested in the history of the Vietnam War. It is a collection of forty-eight short recollections from a wide variety of Americans and Vietnamese involved in the war, or the country, from the late 50's to the 80's.  It also touches on Cambodia and Laos.  Each recollection is from one-half to six pages long, and may cover one short event, or several years' experience in the country. The book deceptively starts out slowly, and it is only with continued reading that one discovers that within this chosen group of recollections are many of the great truths of politics and military conflict in South Vietnam. The essays cover the fatal flaws inherent within South Vietnam, which include the long history of being a colony of France, without France taking any steps to prepare the country for independence, such as training civil servants or encouraging the rule of law through local rulers.  Once independent, South Vietnam was fragmented on religious lines.  The civil leaders were corrupt, engaged in nepotism, and did not relate well to the peasants.  South Vietnamese military leaders were promoted not on merit, but by family ties and the size of the bribes they paid to the government.  For political reasons, the military zone around Saigon was intentionally unorganized and inefficient.   The geography of South Vietnam -- having all its territory within easy reach of Laos, Cambodia, and North Vietnam -- made it a very difficult land to defend from an enemy with safe sanctuary so close to crucial areas.  This book does not mention the oppressive acts of the South Vietnamese government, which helped alienate its citizens.  The book seems to understand, if not almost excuse, wrongful acts by US soldiers. The US tactics also contributed to defeat:  rules of engagement tied the military's hands in senseless ways (a SAM base couldn't be attacked under construction, but pilots had to wait until it was operational);  rotating inexperienced officers through Vietnam to "punch their combat ticket" was more important than retaining experienced officers and advisors who often "got it" just before being rotated out;  the battle for "hearts and minds" was often ignored;  and years were wasted on ineffective strategy, until home protests compelled withdrawal. And, yes, North Vietnam really was an oppressive regime which used terror and lies to achieve its goals. Any discussion of Vietnam brings up many "what if's?"  What if South Vietnam had a more appealing and legitimate government?  What if US politicians hadn't used such ineffective strategy and tactics?  Is there ANY scenario which would have resulted in a long-term stable and secure South Vietnam? If you're at all interested in the field, this is a book well worth searching out.     