 DeLong's attitudes toward guns are deeply ambivalent and confusing. On the one hand, she is so against guns that she demonizes those who are "pro-gun." She claims that "in the Bureau, at least, few men will admit it" but "the truth is" that law enforcement agents often have an antipathy toward guns and see them as a necessary evil. Among agents, there's an "undeniable bad element" who see their weapons as manhood organ extensions. She says you won't find many cops and agents "out campaigning on behalf of the NRA." In describing her son's attitude toward guns, she finds that his being "as opposed to handguns and the NRA as any cop or agent I know" is "an entirely sane view." If you are pro-NRA, DeLong sees you as wrong, bad, and less than sane. Yet DeLong, in comparing her small size to larger-bodied male agents, quotes herself as saying, "You're bigger than me, but I guess you didn't notice that our guns are the same size." When her father gave her a revolver, she "felt profoundly honored. It was as if he had bestowed the keys to the world on my generation of women." She says that when she graduated from the FBI Academy, "I wore my handbag (gun purse) proudly." On the back cover of the hardback, the author picture emphasizes the gun she is "packing."  In other words, she can identify with her guns, but if you own a gun, you're crazy. There are also problems with DeLong's use of statistics. She says that sexual assault murder is most often same-race, white on white 55%, black on black 24%, "and so on," with 15% of black offenders targeting white victims. She doesn't footnote her reference source (except "DOJ statistics"), and doesn't supply the table she was using. The statistics may vary depending on whether she's using the single victim/ single offender tables (as are used in the published statistics _Crime in the US_). DeLong may have preferred to use the 2000 statistics on general murder; relevant to the case she mentioned, if you're a sole white victim, there's an 86% chance your sole killer of known race will be white. She also relates the story of how, in two periods of her life when she thought she needed extra money, she broke a firm FBI rule and moon-lighted as a nurse. At least once, she lied to another agent who saw her in the hospital that she was working undercover. She told other agents she was doing "volunteer work" as a nurse. Yet she's more concerned with finding out who turned her in, than reflecting on why she violated FBI rules and lied to fellow agents. The book is, generally, interesting. It has many sad passages on how senior agents, at least at first, strongly resisted the idea of women agents and assigned them humiliating tasks. She also reveals that much FBI work involves waiting around the office playing office politics and, yes, eating doughnuts.     