 This is an interesting recount of how the Arthur Andersen corporate culture led to the risk-taking and lack of diligence in producing accurate and honest audits, that resulted in the downfall of not only Arthur Andersen, but many of its clients, and incredible losses in those public companies' shareholders and employees. Although not billed as such, the book is largely the memoir of the author's time at Arthur Andersen, filled in with pre- and post-history.  As a memoir, it's lacking in details.  The author was seduced by her large salary.  Well, how large was it?  Was it $200,000, or $2,000,000?  She won't say.  After preaching about the importance of an accounting firm's need to be independent of its clients, she mentions in passing that her husband is/was the executive director of an Andersen client.  WHILE she was a partner at Andersen?  She doesn't say, as she doesn't mention the possible conflict of interest. The most interesting aspect of the book is its case study of how Andersen's own structure was set up to reward corporate infighting, extreme territorialism, poor service to clients, overcharging of clients, risk-taking, and lack of long-term planning.  No client got both good service AND a fair price, some clients got neither.  The firm became so fixated on its revenue that anything was done to make a big client, such as Enron, happy.  "Keep the client happy, no matter what the consequences."  She concludes that a defective corporate "cultural practice" can shape the behavior of its employees. The book's several chapters take several "runs" at the same events, so the chronology is a bit mixed, especially for those of us who don't date events by who was SEC head at the time.  A timeline would have been helpful, as would a few photographs, or even drawings.  She writes at length about the significance of the different Andersen logos, and the geography and layouts of its campuses through Andersen's history -- why not show them to the reader? The book would have been a great venue to provide a brief examination of what exactly Enron did wrong;  however, Toffler's account of Enron's wrongdoing is less than you'll find in a detailed newspaper article.  There's also a blooper early on when she describes the "date-stamping" of papers to prepare for litigation.  The term is really "Bates stamping," and refers to the Bates stamp machine, which sequentially numbers sheets of paper. The book is a moderately quick read, a bit too wordy in places, not wordy enough in others -- worth picking up at the library.     