 This is an interesting book, and worth reading if you're interested in ghosts, or just curious about the techniques that "ghost hunters" use. The plot line that runs throughout the book is the story of THE RING she got from a "vampire" she calls Wraith, supposedly haunted by another now-dead "vampire" (hence a possible vampire ghost) she calls Christian. There is endless speculation throughout about whether Wraith killed Christian, and story after story of Ramsland asking psychic after psychic whether she should keep the ring. Almost to a person, they strongly warn her of the dangers of the "dark side" embodied in the ring, but she keeps it. At the end of the book, she even throws away a decoy ring to make Wraith think she no longer has the ring, which Wraith now wants back. (Of course, disclosing the trickery in the book diminishes its effect somewhat, assuming Wraith can read.) There's never any resolution to this theme: was Christian satisfied that "his story was told" ?? Did Wraith ever give up his quest for the return of the ring? What REALLY happened between Wraith and Christian?   An implicit theme is the psychology of the author, and what attracts her so to the ghost of a reputed vampire/murderer, who seemingly haunts her and even threatens her through the book.   The reader will want to say, "listen to what everyone is saying, throw away the ring, and give it up."  She criss-crossed the country trying to contact Christian's spirit, but never took the time to see if he ever lived.  This part of the book, especially without resolution, goes on way too long, and makes you wonder what type of person Ramsland is. There are a variety of other themes in the book. Interspersed through the book are the techniques and equipment used by ghost hunters, with a bit of explanation of what the equipment is supposed to detect. She throws in bits of history of the places she investigates, such as Lizzie Borden's home.  There's even a useful index, and photos showing the "orbs" and "ectoplasm" she describes. You may do well to read the Epilogue first.  There she addresses the main problem with ghost-hunting -- that the ghost hunters have expectations of what they will see, and view everything through those expectations, rejecting contrary evidence.  Many orbs and ectoplasm may be natural phenomena, such as dust, bugs, or warmed breath.   She also points out that there's no consistent theory of ghostly appearances or behavior. Her conclusions are hesitant -- that while there's more to it than the skeptics allow, and many reports by credible people, and further research is warranted, results are influenced by the researcher, even unintentionally.     