 The author, Randall Kennedy, is a Yale-educated lawyer, who puts his fact-assembling abilities to use in explaining the various ways that the word n* is used in our society.  Much of the book is spent on discussion of whether the word n* is ever appropriate. On the one hand, the word n* is often used by African Americans in addressing or describing other African Americans; when so used, the word n* is usually a term of affection and/or respect. Africans Americans have three bases of their exclusive right to use the word n*: whites are disqualified due to a history of white racism, African Americans have "earned" the right to use the word through oppression -- being called n* "all these years" gives African Americans a literal ownership of the word, and lastly, whites don't understand African American culture sufficiently "to use the word n* properly." African American comedians who use the word n* in their routines "exhibit a bracing independence" and "eschew boring conventions." Yet elsewhere Kennedy asserts that in some cases, African American use of the word n* "is indicative of an antiblack, self-hating prejudice." While admitting that the common use of the word n* by African Americans diminishes the ability to censure use of the word by whites, Kennedy argues that "what should matter is the context in which the word is spoken -- the speaker's aims, effects, alternatives." Thus a few selected whites are allowed to use the word n* -- for instance, writers such as Twain who used the word in the process of condemning racism, and politicians such as LBJ who had a track record of opposing racial prejudice. Likewise, Kennedy argues, some individual whites who have proven that they abhor prejudice and have a sufficient number of African American friends, are allowed to use the word n*. Yet, almost without exception, if a white person uses the word n*, it's suddenly a racist word.  Kennedy gives a little space to those who condemn African American use of the word. He quotes Bill Cosby, who believes that all African Americans are hurt when the word is used by African Americans: use of the word reinforces the stereotyped negative impressions many whites have of African Americans. A major failing of the book is that it fails to give a chronological evolution of the word. How relevant and brave, for instance, are the African American comedians and rappers who use the word n* to "defang" a word which dropped out of accepted pejorative use by the vast majority of whites decades ago? Is it really in society's interest to continually proclaim that races have historical rights -- even if it's the right to "defang" a word with a shameful past? While the "melting pot" theory has been rightfully discredited, how far should we go in emphasizing our racial differences and proclaiming our racial linguistic territory?     