 This is one of those book adaptations which leave the viewer wondering why the screenwriter (here, the book's author), made the changes that were made. The 1973 book describes the life of 13-year-old Benjie Johnson, an African-American who lives in an apartment with his mother Rose, grandmother, and mother's boyfriend Butler, in an apartment house with "dark, stinky hallways" in a "tough block."  For Butler to take Rose out by taxi is "their fine way of going out."  The pusher's (Tiger's) apartment is "one fine-lookin place" because it has "a good record player and a TV" plus wall-to-wall carpet and drapes at the window.  A crisis occurs when Benjie steals Butler's good suit for drug money. By the time the 1978 movie was released, the setting had changed.  Benjie and family are living in a middle-class single family home, and their own car.  Benjie and friends frequently take walks on the beach.  It's just a quick walk, apparently, to the walk-up graffiti-covered apartment roof where Benjie first smokes marijuana.  Tiger's apartment now has wood paneling, two aquariums, an inlaid coffee table, a treadmill, rowing machine, and weights.  The crisis is now Benjie stealing Butler's inherited sapphire-and-diamond cufflinks.   And, a happy ending, not present in the book, is glommed onto the last scene in the movie.  There's a unnecessarily-protracted scene showing the nude Benjie being put into the Indigo Blue bath. It's natural, and beneficial, for a movie to telescope some of the book's plot, and eliminate marginal characters.  Yet, the sudden relative affluence of Benjie's family takes away from the immediacy of the many pressures facing the family, just as the "happy ending" validates the fear the school's principal expressed in the book:  when an ex-addict is portrayed as a heroic figure, some students may see drugs as something to use and then bravely give up, because the speaker doesn't mention that he is the one in a hundred to be able to kick the habit. Some of the language (although appropriate in context) and some scenes are more intense than the usual PG movie. I recommend that folks stick to the excellent book.     