 I have mixed feelings about this book.  I read it, and finished it, because it was recommended to me by a friend who saw me reading _The Invisible Soldier_ by Mary Penick Motley. The book's dreamlike, and occasionally nightmarish, qualities detract from its effectiveness.  When the narrator takes Norton on the drive around campus, the events turn nightmarish -- through virtually no fault of the narrator, events turn into a drawn-out out-of-control nightmare where things unbelievably keep getting worse and worse.  The narration by Trueblood seems interminable, as do the bizarre events at the Golden Day. Not only does Dr. Bledsoe banish the narrator from college, but he does so in a manner where the narrator doesn't even feel the knife in his back, and even unknowingly becomes the instrument of his own further destruction.  Dr. Bledsoe's actions are typical of those who later interact with the narrator.  Is Bledsoe acting to protect his own position, or the continuation of the college, or the furtherance of the African American race, or to benefit the narrator? Continually through the book, the narrator is faced with the decision of speaking out and becoming a target, or remaining silent and assenting to injustice.  The groups and individuals which attract, use, or attack the narrator are archetypes of later groups in the civil rights movement:  the Brotherhood represents those who would deny African American leadership in the movement in the name of brotherhood and unity, while Ras represents a very separatist movement. For all its historic significance and eloquence, there are better choices than this book.  Ellison himself says in his forward, with regard to African American service in World War II, "How could you treat a Negro as equal in war and then deny him equality during times of peace?"  For an excellent book on African American soldiers in World War II, read _The Invisible Soldier_ by Mary Penick Motley.  And of course for a more objective, less dreamlike, odyssey, read _Black Like Me_ by John Griffin.  Reading the works of Malcolm X, and works about Malcolm X, also provides a valuable perspective.     