 One wonders what the LAPD did to the author Leonard Goldberg, that the author continues having his LAPD "premier homicide detective," Jake Sinclair, and his civilian girlfriend/partner Joanna Blalock, continue to act like Neanderthals, as they did in Goldberg's Fatal Care.  When a doctor refuses to answer Jake's question about a national security matter, Joanna warns the doctor of "big trouble," and Jake tells the doctor that if helpful information were omitted, the doctor would be arrested, put in handcuffs, paraded down the hospital corridor and displayed to reporters.  "You can answer their questions and show them your handcuffs at the same time." In explaining the "NYPD Blue" show to Joanna's five-year-old nephew, Jake says that "nobody will care" if police officers hit suspects, so long as the suspect isn't shot.  Jake tells Joanna he plans to handle two suspects "the old-fashioned way....  I'm going to shove them in a corner and scare the hell out of them." When a suspect implies Jake is stupid, Jake lifts the suspect into the air by his shirt. When an attorney objects to Jake questioning his client, Jake threatens to take the attorney and his client to jail, where they'll sit in the cold interrogation room. When an intern refuses Jake admittance to the doctor's lounge, Jake threatens, "the last thing you want to do is get in the way of [an angry and upset] cop."  Jake then picks the intern up by his armpits and moves him aside.  Jake also misrepresents himself as "an officer of the court."   There's a misogynist thread to the book.  A "middle aged" female neurosurgeon can't get anyone to sleep with her unless she pays them money.  Women are continually described, and judged, depending on whether they have a "great body."  Women are excluded from the list of murder suspects because women "kill with knives or poison or sometimes guns.  But they don't bash people over the head....  And it would take a man to lift a dead body and lug it down the corridor...." Goldberg's characters repeatedly define "nanotechnology" as meaning "where everything is scaled down a billion times."  Although a nanometer is a billionth of a meter, it does NOT follow that nanotechnology is technology scaled down a billion times.  Instead, nanotechnology is technology with dimensions of, usually, less than 100 nanometers.  In a broader definition, nanotechnology can mean any sub-micron technology.  Human hair is about 40,000 nanometers, or 40 microns, wide. Goldberg finally puts his own previous book, Deadly Exposure, in the nightstand of one of this book's characters.  That's just too cutesy. This book is formulaic, Neanderthal, and lacking any elementary fact-checking.  Skip this one -- hold out for the next one where, hopefully, Jake will be arrested for assault and rightfully thrown off the force and into jail.     