 Many of the preceding reviews of this book are very helpful in understanding this book. I agree with the others' comments that many of the details in the book seem invented, inconsistent, and inaccurate.  Unfortunately, it seems that "a true story" in a title invariably means "a fictionalized story." Just as there is no photograph of Bobby in life in the book, the only photos of the seven defendants are their mugshots -- and even these aren't labeled, unless you scan them and enlarge them several times to read the infinitesimal print on the sheriff department forms. (Left to right they are Alice, Lisa, Heather, Derek D., Derek K., Donald, and Marty at bottom.) Nor is there any synopsis of who they are besides the pictures -- "this is Donald, Ali's new boyfriend, who struck the first blow" would be helpful. The book further has no index, nor list of sources. According to the author blurb, the author has lived and worked in Detroit, Houston and Dallas -- what is his familiarity with, and connection with, this Florida trial? What sources did he use? This is particularly important because Schutze purports to take us inside the minds of several of the defendants, into private conversations where one party is now dead, and into attorney-client conferences. It's hard to see what purpose author Schutze was trying to accomplish by very graphic and repeated descriptions of Bobby and Marty's time in gay bars and the gay porn video they produced. The number of pages Schutze gives to each subject is interesting: he gives 94 pages to establishing the characters, there are 63 pages covering the development of the murder plot, it takes Bobby 11 pages to die, there are 49 pages of cover-up and police work until Derek Dzvirko confesses, 52 more pages pass until Marty's trial starts, and Marty's trial takes up 33 pages. The trials, convictions, and pleas of the other six defendants combined take up a mere two pages. Schutze either hit a deadline, or got tired of writing. Schutze's book itself focuses on lengthy dialogue -- most likely invented -- and an endless recitation of chronological facts, never getting into underlying causes of this tragedy except for a few passing quotations from the lawyers and media types on the culture that produced the ability to kill.  Yet the tragedy itself provokes much thought. Some defendants came from difficult situations, some seemingly just came from privileged but lax homes. Marty and Bobby take steroids. What is it about being 18 that makes murder seem the logical solution to Bobby's bullying of Marty and Marty's friends -- when the whole thing could have been stopped by Marty telling his parents that he wanted nothing more to do with Bobby? Bobby was capable of physical and emotional abuse, but only of those who voluntarily hung out with him -- or were mentally handicapped.  Yet the events of a few days, by these primarily 18-year-olds, at the same time both worldly and naive, led one to be killed, three of them to get life sentences, one a death sentence, and the other three a total of 58 years in prison (originally) -- not to mention the effects on their families and children. What could have stopped each of them on the way to this train wreck? Who (the defendants, their parents, society, and/or Bobby) is responsible for Bobby's death in whole or part? The book is silent on this, but the situation lends itself to much thought. While I don't recommend this book due to its many faults, anyone interested in the story of a school bully who COULDN'T be avoided, and COULDN'T be stopped with adult intervention, and who was almost murdered to stop his bullying, should read the true graphic novel _My War with Brian_ by Ted Rall.     