 Reviewer: Frank from Los Altos I can see how some are upset with the title of this book: "The Perfect Vehicle: What it is about Motorcycles" sounds more like a collection of motorcycle stories and essays than the memoir that this is. Pierson is an excellent writer and poet, repeatedly reducing to written form the mystical experience of riding. "It is simple: the power to go, the power to stop, are as reduced as a metaphor and made to fit in one small hand." To Pierson, and most riders, a motorcycle is more than a means of transportation. When you ride a bike, on the one hand you acquire friends and a lifestyle, and on the other hand much of society will exclude you.  She writes about the feeling among some riders, who have reacted negatively to articles she's written, that "nothing depressing, upsetting, or unfavorable ever be uttered about" riding.  Although each rider belongs to the community of all riders, there are many divisions within the riding life. The brand and style of bike you choose to ride is expected to define your character. While you're in the riding community, you're loyal to your brand -- Pierson rides a Guzzi and writes at length about the "worldwide brotherhood of Moto Guzzi riders.... Guzzis appeal to the middle-class rider who is not too racy, but plenty individualistic.... They attract tinkerers, people for whom good is never good enough, for whom the rituals of necessary maintenance are secret joys.... Never for them a full fairing...." I would have liked more analysis about the "brand loyalty" aspect of motorcycling. Perhaps the brand you ride is like the Sorting Hat at Hogwarts -- a window into your true self? Why is this so? This brand/personality correlation isn't limited to motorcycles -- just look at the Ford vs. Chevy truck rivalry, or how the type of car you drive reveals your personality. (If I told you I drive a sports car, you'd probably think differently of me than if I told you I drive a minivan.)  Pierson writes about the prejudice and even disbelief that riders and non-riders have toward women riders. When she sits down at a restaurant table with her helmet and orders a meal, the waitress brings two meals -- the second meal for the man who, surely, must belong to the helmet. When she arrives at a toll booth, the toll taker asks, "Did you ride that motorcycle here all by yourself?" She's tempted to answer, "No, I carried it on my head." Woven throughout the book are her thoughts and experiences on the psychology of riding and its many aspects -- friendships, relationships, touring, racing, and rallies. She identifies Harley riders as comprising most of those who are "perennial children" and debase their women. I don't see this as "male bashing," but as an honest and direct appraisal of the behavior of one group of riders -- but she should have been clearer that many Harley riders are not in that group. The further divisions in the motorcycle hierarchy can be seen in the prior reviews here. You're not "really" a rider if you've "only" ridden 35,000 miles, or if you think riding in the rain is more dangerous, or if you've ever been scared on a bike, or if you can't rebuild your own bike from the ground up.  A book about the romance of riding would be much less if it were not personal. This is a valuable book for everyone who rides, and anyone who is interested in reading about the attractions of the riding life.     