 I first heard of the author, Hannah Holmes, as she was giving a radio interview on NPR.  Unfortunately, reading the book is just like listening to the author on the radio -- she uses beautiful descriptive language, but there are NO pictures, even though she often verbally describes pictures of the wonderful world of dust she's seen.   The prose is beautiful, and the coverage of the book is extensive.  Her jump to the view that the Earth will be swallowed up by the sun in the distant future is less likely scientifically than she makes it appear.  And the book tends a bit too much to simplicity instead of thoroughness. But why would photos, or drawings at least, be left out of a book which could benefit so much from them?  The microscopic world of dust, and the cosmic scale of stardust and global dust flows, is not easily and accurately imagined.  This lack brings the potential rating of the book (4 or 5 stars) down to 2 stars.  Only _after_ the reader goes through over 200 pages of bare text does the reader get to the list of about sixty websites in an appendix at the back of the book -- websites which contain pictures of what she's been talking about.  But, these sites are not grouped on the web, and must be accessed individually by typing in the lengthy URL's -- assuming you still have the interest to go back to see the actual images you were only "picturing" in your mind, AND you have internet access at your reading spot and the time to type in each URL individually.  The book's listing of the first URL I explored had a typo in it, and it took some exploring to find the typo (.html is listed, but the site uses .htm).  How much trouble would it have been to bring all these sites together on an author or book website, so that the reader could click from one to the other?  Couldn't this appendix of websites been mentioned in the introduction or first chapter -- where the reader would be warned to refer to it periodically -- since the website list is apparently a substitute for photos or drawings in the book? This is a book on the edge of greatness.  Hopefully in future editions of this book, and certainly in Ms. Holmes' future books, relevant photographs and drawings will be included.  Just as Ms. Holmes didn't do her research over the telephone, she should not expect us to grasp the full beauty and understanding of what she describes through mere words.     