 ** Contains spoilers ** Like many other reviewers, I see a number of faults in the book. There are a number of unexplained actions and unresolved plot threads. The person who kills Purcell has probably the least reason of any character to do so. The motivations and actions of Paulie and Leila are unexplained. Did Leila take Purcell's money? If so, what happened to it? Why would Richard's killer throw down his gun, leaving witness Kinsey to report him?  Why would the police not conduct the same easy-and-obvious search at Purcell's wife's home, as they did at his ex-wife's home? Is the reader expected to believe that a passing and casual lesbian relationship would provide motivation to kill your sugar daddy husband?  Would Kinsey really take as indisputable truth the speculative newspaper innuendo about the brothers' past? (Surely she knows that what's reported in the papers and what really happened are often quite different.) Finally, why would Kinsey, having found proof of who committed the murder, walk up to the murderer's home and ask to use the phone to call the cops?  There were no other phones in town? There are a few other bloopers too: an insurance company which lost a suit compelling it to pay a death policy could not file another suit to relitigate the same issues; nor would it be proper to ask the applicant's marital status on a commercial lease application in California.  Further, of the five Spanish words Grafton uses in the book, she manages to get them ALL wrong. The road called "Via Bueno" would be "Via Buena" (no '' on street signs), and would mean "Good Road" instead of "Road Good" as Grafton writes. Kinsey reports "I took Spanish in adult education, but I've forgotten everything except 'ola' [hola] and 'buenos dios.'" The phrase is "buenos das," not "buenos dios."  Grafton's trying to write the common phrase meaning "good morning," but the phrase she comes out with means something like "good god." Sheesh. Grafton has not taken a plunge as deep as Tom Clancy has with his most recent book. However, sloppy proofreading and poor fact-checking, along with illogical plot development well below her usual standards, suggest that Grafton is intentionally producing a poor product.  This is not "requiring readers to use their imaginations";  it is assuming that readers will accept any type of unfinished ramblings as a book worth reading.     