 First, let's talk about the obvious mistakes in this book.  The author writes, page 79, about a burning cigarette producing a "bright red glow" in a night vision goggle. Another reviewer perpetuates this mistake by claiming that "many night vision goggles have an infrared setting, like the predator, which does show up as red and yellow and colors besides the monochrome green."  The fact is that the Predator, like any image enhancement night vision device, has a green monochrome viewing screen. Nothing shows up as red. Many IMAGE ENHANCEMENT devices, like the Predator, have infrared illuminators, which cast infrared light of .7 to 1.3 microns (invisible to our eyes), which is REFLECTED off subjects, picked up by the lens (along with ambient light), sent to the image-intensifier tube, and amplified for viewing on the monochrome screen.  There is a second, different, type of night vision device.  THERMAL viewers reveal EMITTED (not reflected) thermal-IR radiation of 3 microns to 30 microns.  Thermal viewer displays may be configured as either a multi-colored thermal image, or a one-color setting.  (This is what you see from police helicopter viewers at night when the cars and suspects appear to "glow"). Thermal viewers are not the "goggles" Doherty is writing about.  Neither the Predator, nor any other image enhancement device, has a "setting" to view thermal radiation. An illuminator (infrared light source) used to increase reflected light is NOT a "setting" to view thermal radiation, any more than a flashlight is a thermometer. To view thermal radiation, a separate, dedicated, thermal radiation viewer is needed.  Thermal viewers do not use illuminators since they reveal EMITTED light.   The linguistic coincidence that near infrared light is reflected to image enhancement viewers, and thermal-infrared light is emitted to thermal viewers, should not be confusing to either supposedly-experienced authors or deluded reviewers who claim that others "don't know anything." Satellite phones don't, as the author claims on page 182, work indoors (except through a window). Author Doherty was not writing about the fanciful situation where the character had set up a "stationary unit" outside the building which relayed the satellite signal to the "portable headset." The character was dumbly, and impossibly, trying to get a direct satellite signal from inside a building. Other mistakes in this hopeless book include, with reference to paperback page number, include -- * p. 59 - a secret military base would not be constructed where the only access is by military helicopters with "less than a foot" of rotor clearance. * p. 60 - a CAT scan would (normally) not be used to see if there is brain activity. * p. 74 - the Space Shuttle cannot service satellites (such as "Milstar 4") in geosynchronous orbit. Geosynchronous orbit is 22,223 miles up. The Space Shuttle's maximum possible altitude is 600 miles. See the difference? I'm surprised that a book supposedly by an author with military experience would get so many positive reviews after being riddled with obvious mistakes, even _if_ you accept the virtual reality/ action part of the plot. Such obvious mistakes in the writing of a book scream out, "this author doesn't care to take the time to make the plot realistic."     