 Despite its almost-500-pages length, this book is a very quick read for anyone familiar with the Simpson trial. And you better already be familiar with the trial before reading this book, because the book focuses on the trees and largely misses the forest. The world revolves around Marcia, and Marcia's always right.  The book contains plain misrepresentations of fact -- such as the time Clark told the court that she "needed to be home to care for her children." In fact, she WANTED to be the one to drive them to her husband's home that night, but her husband could just as easily have picked them up at her house. What that misrepresentation got the prosecution was an extra weekend to prepare for Rosa Lopez' testimony.  How did Clark first fix on the fact of O.J.'s guilt? "I had prosecuted literally thousands of defendants. I could feel a clench in my gut when I realized we had the right man.... That familiar twist in my stomach confirmed it." Apparently she still doesn't see that the technical facts the prosecutors put in front of the jury don't matter if the evidence was presented in such a way that the jury didn't understand that the prosecution team had made "a point." Nor does she "get" that Furhman was sank, in large part, because she didn't object to Bailey's misleading questions on Fuhrman's cross-examination, where Bailey flipped back and forth between asking Furhman if Fuhrman had "addressed" anyone with the n-word, or if Furhman had ever "used" the n-word -- two very different things.  She proudly describes herself as the "lead prosecutor," but when mistakes in the investigation and presentation of evidence come up, they aren't HER responsibility -- it's always someone else's fault.   She doesn't see that although her experience in the trial was intense, it wasn't unique. Many of her readers have also gone through similar experiences. For example, she says, "Fact of the matter is, Chris Darden and I were closer than lovers. And unless you've been through what we went through, you can't possibly know what that means." (p. 374) Perhaps she really thinks no one else has felt an emotional tug toward a co-worker during an intensive project, but that frankly shows her lack of perspective on reality.  Better books on O.J. include Toobin's The Run of His Life, and Bosco's A Problem of Evidence.     