 This book is largely written in a supercilious and arrogant fashion.  Almost EVERYTHING about World War II is twisted, simplified and criticized.  Sometimes he can't remember what he said, and thus  criticizes the U.S. for BOTH sides of an issue.  For instance, he  criticizes US inaction before Pearl Harbor, "The United States had  been observing Nazi anti-Semitism for years without doing a great deal  about it...."  Yet 10 pages later he criticizes the US for supplying  Britain with war materials to fight Germany, "Lend-Lease mostly meant  outright gift:  the British understood that they would never pay for the 30  billion dollars of tanks, planes, guns...."    And of course  there's no discussion about what the US should have done about Germany's  "anti-Semitism."  The US itself, especially the State Department,  was anti-Semitic at the time.  Should the US have declared war on Germany  in the late 30's based on what we knew THEN on Germany's persecution of  Jews?  No response at all from Fussell.  He critizes the US for fighting  Japan, "for most Americans, the war was about revenge against the  Japanese....  Revenge is not a rational motive, but it was the main motive  in the American destruction of the Japanese empire."  Yet Fussell is  silent on alternatives:  should the US have made peace with Japan  immediately after Pearl Harbor, or should we have waited until Midway?    Fussell also can't make his mind up on American mood during the war.  At  one point he quotes FDR as proclaiming, "These are the times that try  men's souls.  Worry and fear are the twin enemies that attack us."   But then he turns around and claims, "'high morale' became a  substitute for all sorts of lost valuable things -- the critical spirit,  for example, or even ... happiness itself, which `had disappeared along  with rubber ... to be replaced by the wartime synthetic, high  morale....'"   Fussell does have brief interesting chapters on  reading in wartime, wartime idioms, and rumors.  But these are lost amid  the tortured history and unsupported views of the majority of the book.   A _much_ better book on much the same topic is Stephen Ambrose's _Citizen  Soldiers : The U.S. Army from the Normandy Beaches to the Bulge  to the  Surrender of Germany, June 7, 1944 to May 7, 1945_.     