 My first hopes on reading this book is that Jack Ryan wouldn't be as terrible as he was in _The Bear and the Dragon_. And, in that respect, _Red Rabbit_ is a better book. This book has occasional profanity, but none of the repeated gratuitous gutter profanity and sex of _The Bear and the Dragon_. Nor does this book revel in racial stereotypes and insults.  Women have a largely decent role.  There's less ranting against immorality -- although there are frequent reminders of how holy and pure the Catholic Church is -- "its policies rarely, if ever, strayed from love and charity" -- which we know isn't true. There are portents of the future -- this Jack Ryan likes to drink (always 3 drinks) the day before a dangerous action, and when leaving a dangerous action (the exfiltration and the attempt on Pope's life). But this Jack Ryan doesn't get roaring drunk when he's needed, like he'll do later as President.  Clancy hits us over the head with reminders of Jack's bravery in the ULA attack on his home covered in _Patriot Games_ -- there are at least twelve different recaps of that attack in this book! And there are at least seven virtually identical bits of dialogue where we're reminded that Jack was knighted for his actions against the ULA, but doesn't like to be called "Sir John."  For some reason Clancy repeatedly clobbers us with the cutesy "pshrink" spelling -- at first I thought it was a term for psychiatrists specially trained to work with spies, but no, it's just a cutesy spelling you might find in a pre-teen's diary. There are some puzzling inconsistencies for someone who CAN (or could) write a good book, as Clancy.  If the Russian, Zaitzev, was so concerned about the Pope, why did he insist on waiting until he was brought to the West to reveal that time-critical information? The "Operation Mincemeat" part of the plot served to hide the fact that Zaitzev had defected, but it greatly increased the risk that his escape would be discovered, and stopped, before Zaitzev was safe in the West. It also seems that the specific identity-hiding pre-burning of the discovered bodies could well be obvious to any doctor who examined the bodies of a "KGB employee" and his family. Zaitzev's presence in the West is a crucial secret to be closely held, but Ryan needlessly mentions it to his fellow operatives in Rome as a bit of casual conversational filler.  Clancy does a good job fitting his story around historical facts. The writing isn't up to par with the earlier books, but it's good. The "techno" part is missing, in favor of supposed political analysis, and a bit of tradecraft and gossip. The main distraction, unfortunately, is that we KNOW this Jack Ryan will eventually become a simple-minded jingoistic irresponsible racist President.     