 I had high hopes when I picked up this new Jack Ryan book.  I've already learned that Tom Clancy occasionally loans his name out to hacks (the Op Center series), and that he "co-authors" uneven and misguided books like _A Study in Command_.  But here, at last, was a real Clancy.  No, it's not, in the true sense of the term.   Technical and grammatical mistakes abound.  On page 505, he not only USES the word "fungible" incorrectly, but he has his character go out of his way to DEFINE it incorrectly.  "Fungible" means "replaceable by a similar item," such as one boxcar of wheat which can be replaced by another boxcar of wheat.  Clancy incorrectly writes that "fungible" means "re-usable," such as when a gold ornament is re-melted into a new item.  A Johns Hopkins doctor wrongly advises a pregnant woman she can, without any risk to the fetus, take "two drinks tonight to celebrate.  After that, one or two a week."  Clancy goes deeper into the repeated use of base sexual profanity, explicit sex, and racial stereotyping.  He closes the book with a sexual reference.  He goes even more rhapsodic with the deification of the "warrior."  Despite the glory of the warrior, Clancy's President Jack Ryan is disappointing to those who knew Jack before.  President Ryan tends to shoot from the hip in making major policy decisions.  He "borrows" cigarettes like a teenager every chance he gets -- to the point one thinks Clancy is getting paid by the cigarette industry to glorify their product.  President Ryan allows the use of racial slurs in the Oval Office.  Even worse, this President Ryan is irresponsible.  Near the end of the book, at a time of grave danger when presidential leadership may be most needed, Jack not only intentionally places himself in a physically dangerous place, but out of effective contact with the government and people.   He just _has to_ be back with his warrior buddies, and invite them all "to the White House, right now, for some drinks on the house....  'I might be drunk before you get there,' the President thought.  And sure enough, with an international crisis still on-going, Jack calls a buddy and announces "How about you and me drain a bottle of something?" and proceeds to get "about half in the bag by this time, and if the media found out about it, the hell with them....  'That,' Ryan thought, 'calls for another drink.'"   It's one thing for a President to get a little high, and quite another thing to do so intentionally when there's an obvious international crisis to deal with.  The whole tone of this book suggests that Clancy is laughing at his loyal readers.  "Put the name Clancy on the cover, and they'll buy it," I imagine him smirking.  If Clancy continues this way, he'll discover he's managed to trash his name with the reading public.     