 As to the PJ's (Air Force Pararescue Jumpers) being "real life heroes of the perfect storm," the book only mentions ONE rescue attempt during the Perfect Storm by the PJ's.  That attempt  failed.  In fact, the Coast Guard ship had to come out and rescue THEM.  Yes, you can be a hero for an attempt, but let's not go overboard in naming our book after one rescue attempt in a much bigger event, where other agencies have a much better claim of being "the real life heroes." The book focuses on "a PJ," coincidentally the author, not PJ's in general. The Perfect Storm part takes 30 pages, IF you include the soap opera parts about the wives calling each other for news. A pararescue helicopter and tanker was dispatched during the Perfect Storm to rescue a sailor doing a solo trip around the world. The rescue was aborted due to heavy seas, and the rescue helicopter itself ditched on the way back to base, with the loss of one airman. The helicopter ditched because it was unable to refuel with the existing drogue design. The author, in charge at the base, grounded rescue attempts of this airman due to his orders and impossible conditions.  Because his men were angry at him for this, they made life hell for him:  They stole his jacket, and snuck a bottle of booze into his luggage as he was about to fly into a Muslim country, which if discovered would have gotten Jack in enormous trouble. There's so much talk of the PJ "teamwork" ethos in the book -- but where did "teamwork" go when his men acted in petty ways, and caused Jack to have to leave command of the unit? Parts of the book are interesting. Jack, of course, makes almost no mistakes, and his wife is a perfect angel. She understands when he says, "yes, I went to the strip bar, but that's where the debriefing session was held." The unexamined assumption that OF COURSE men who work hard have to relax by drinking all night, having bar fights, and visiting strip joints is overdone. The book does provide information about a little-understood group of airmen who put their lives on the line to rescue others in what can be very difficult situations, much like the Coast Guard rescue jumpers. Their main purpose is to rescue downed pilots and personnel in need of medical help, on land or sea, but they're also available to help civilians when civilian rescue agencies don't have the resources available. There is some understanding of the mentality of repeatedly putting your life on the line -- you might as well die doing something you love, while helping others. Although the author reports many accounts of mission failure and limitation due to a poor drogue design, making it difficult to for helicopters to refuel from tankers during rough weather, the author doesn't argue for a better, heavier, longer, wider (or whatever) fueling drogue design.     