 This is an interesting book that lures you in, and leaves you with some questions. It does have some stumbles at the beginning.  When Jane is telling about having read books on the "fringe viewpoints" of child-rearing, she makes up silly titles.  Why?  There are real fringe viewpoint child-rearing books out there she could have mentioned. Jane also brings up her silly belief that "true aficionados" of BMW cars call them Bimmers instead of Beemers - the ridiculous claim that the pretentious country club set has the right to dictate the "correct" slang term to the majority of the country.  Language, especially slang, is based on usage. In her book, the rich are almost always self-righteous, harmful and  hypocritical (or at least shallow), and the non-rich are almost always honest with a heart of gold.   One could even say that Jane's latent goodness is a result of the fact that she was born poor.  This is an unthinking and gratuitous generalization. Yet Morsi does have some nice turns of phrase.  The belief that those who don't rise to the top don't deserve to is "social Darwinism.  Or maybe in Edith's case, socialite Darwinism."  And, of course, "no good deed goes unpunished." There is little examination in the book, even after Jane becomes "good," of who God is.  She doesn't examine that the God who sent Chester to rescue her is the same God who allowed her car to be on the road in the path of the semi-truck tanker in the first place. She waffles back and forth on how far she should go in her gratitude for being saved, and in keeping her promise to do good if she is rescued.  She also constantly wrestles with the uncertainty of how her actions will ultimately affect others:  we may even harm people by "helping" them. Jane "believed in God, of course."  But that was supposedly evidenced by her husband and her being "members of one of the oldest, most influential churches in the city."  She later later she reveals that she's not a member, but simply attended with her husband because "joining requires attending workshops and courses."  Regular church attendance by this group of  socialites does not translate into moral behavior. Once Jane makes the promise "to God" to do good, she looks to mainly secular philosophers to guide her in what is "good."  She's also guided by Maimonides' list of eight levels of charity (Tzedakah).   She acknowledges the inconsistency of believing in a God who rescues her, but ignores others in similar plights.  "If all it took to get out of trouble were some heavenward mutterings, nobody would ever get hurt or die."  And she faces the inconsistency of not really believing in a God who acts on earth, but having prayed to Him as if He did.  Throughout the book she proceeds to "do good" without any heavenly guidance, yet concludes that the goodness of the universe is either "God or the result of God." The sudden "miraculous" event of being rescued after her car crash gives Jane a different perspective on her values and priorities.  The same thing can happen through taking a college class in Europe.  The contributions Jane makes are not financially hard - she gives out of her abundance - but they are socially hard for her because they necessitate a sea change in her priorities and relationships.  Like many of us, she never comes to a firm understanding of why the world is the way it is, and why she acts the way she acts.  Her God is like a genie who must be credited with the good in the world, because we are embarrassed to admit that we may be good. In sum, the book is worth reading.  It's nice to read a book without a serial killer lurking in the shadows, or World War III looming over the next horizon.     