 Author Patrick Garry claims that all events in recent American history are tied to, and usually caused by, the "litigation explosion."   Little things like mass communication and advertising, two world wars, the Depression, technology, and urbanization had no impact.    What does Garry list as examples of the evils caused by the litigation explosion?  TV shows like "American Gladiators" and "The McLaughlin Group."  (believe it or not!)  He even blames the litigation explosion on encouraging the fad of tell-all biographies -- you'd think litigation would discourage such writings.  Logic does not enter into the claims made by this book.   Garry, Dole-like, wistfully hopes for the perfect days before the litigation explosion.  In a sub-chapter titled, "An Unattainable Alternative," Garry goes on and on about the superiority of Japanese society, where in his opinion bliss is achieved by thinking alike, dressing alike, acting alike, and being so influenced by peer pressure that you give no thought to self-expression or "rights."  Garry uses about 300 footnotes, but 95+% of those citations are to current newspaper articles.   Although Garry changes themes and ideas every few pages, one recurrent theme is that Americans exercise their "rights" too much.  That's all we think about.  Another affect of the litigation explosion.  (Those darn revolutionaries.  Why couldn't we have been like Canada?)   Although Garry has the paper credentials where you would think he could write a REAL book on how litigation affects American culture, this is not that book.  It's written in a "Chicken Little" style to an audience that considers "Hard Copy" an intellectual exercise.  (yes, he refers to Hard Copy too!)   Here's a typical argument and "fact" from the book.  Garry's fickle mind drifts to the claim that parties in a divorce litigate over picky issues -- like who should have the kids.  (Imagine that.)   Now, you might expect some discussion of divorce rates.  Or whether no-fault is better than the fault system.  Or at least what Garry proposes people do if he were made king and disallowed divorces.  But no, the "fact" that Garry uses to support his idea that couples in America, generally, litigate over such picky issues, is that Marcia Clark's husband filed a motion for custody because she was consistently working late on the Simpson trial.   If the type of person who believes everything that's written down didn't believe these unsupported conclusions, the book would even be funny.     