 I was disappointed in this book.   As an earlier review notes, it _appears_ to be "thoroughly researched," but it's full of errors.  Just leafing through the book, with no further research, a number of mistakes jump out.   Among the mistakes - the authors say "the US Air Force" dropped the bomb on Hiroshima;  the US Air Force wasn't in existence yet - it was the Army Air Forces that dropped the bomb.  The authors twice say the atomic bomb was "tested at Los Alamos";  no - the atomic bomb was developed at Los Alamos, but tested 175 miles away near Carrizozo NM.  The authors twice, again, report that Nero was "the emperor who fiddled while Rome burned (in 37 AD)" - a neat trick, considering the violin wasn't invented for another 1500 years or so.  The authors twice tell us that Tenzing Norkay accompanied Sir Edmund Hillary on Everest;  the name is Norgay.   The authors tell us that Edmund Hillary said he climbed "because it's there";  it wasn't Hillary, but George Mallory, some 35 years earlier, who gave that response.    Many of the entries gloss over, or over-simplify, the facts.  For instance, the authors truthfully attribute "damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead!" to Admiral Farragut;  however, they don't tell us that the "torpedoes" of that day were not self-propelled, but what we would call mines.  Whitely's _The Teacher's Calendar_ fills in the missing relevant information.  On historical events such as Martin Luther King's "I have a dream" speech, Whitely gives more background than these authors.  On other events, such as the seizing of the Amistad, _This Day in History_ is silent, while Whitely's book gives a detailed discussion.  Another example of gloss is the authors' report that Galileo "created a telescope so he could observe the heavens."   Galileo certainly improved the telescope, but he didn't invent it.  The unwarranted, even "cutesy," conclusions the authors frequently draw hamper the usefulness of this book.  The authors tell us that at Hiroshima "we learned that man had no control over the terrible might of the microscopic atom."  In fact, man showed his ability to control atomic forces at Hiroshima, and you can't see atoms through a microscope anyway.   The authors say that the USSR/Nazi Germany non-aggression pact was "the fuse that ignited the Second World War."   Elsewhere the authors tell us that WWII "was ignited when Germany invaded Poland."   The statements are contradictory and simplistic.  Of course, the book does have its moments - there are a number of stories which appear to be detailed, correct, and interesting.  Yet these have limited use, since the reader has to verify every part of the story, in view of the authors' frequent errors on other entries.   Am I being too picky?  I don't think so - not with a book which certainly intends to be used as an accurate source of history.    You might consider this book for the limited use of knowing a few events that happened on each day, accepting that the book's facts may be wrong and its conclusions unmerited.  This book could certainly use some good editing and fact-checking.  A _much_ better book for the classroom, or parent, is Sandy Whiteley's _The Teacher's Calendar:  School Year 2001-2002_.  Not only is Whitely much more accurate, but she includes many more events per day, and frequently more information on each event than these authors do.     