 This is a well-planned, well-written, well-edited and engaging book chronicling the 1820 sinking of the whaler Essex in the mid-Pacific, and the subsequent 4500-mile survival voyage of some of its crew in three small whaleboats. The maps of the Pacific and route of the ship/boats were very helpful in following the narrative, as were the diagrams of the ship and its rigging, and the notes and index. Philbrick has figured out that many of his readers don't come to the book with a detailed knowledge of where the Marquesas are in relation to Pitcairn Island, or the relative locations of the fore topsail and forecastle. It would have been even more helpful to have all maps and diagrams at the front of the book (as the Essex sail plan and deck plan are).  I appreciate the 238-page length of the book; Philbrick understands that when an author has finished covering the topic, it's OK to stop writing, even if the author hasn't reached the 400-page mark.  I also appreciate how he avoids either demonizing or glorifying the characters in the book.  Along the way, Philbrick takes us into the history and sociology of related topics such as whaling, whalers, Nantucket, and survival through deprivation, to name a few.  Philbrick engaged in exhaustive research, including the existing accounts written by survivors (including an account discovered almost 200 years after the sinking), secondary accounts, and a number of sources on the many topics touched on in the book. Where the accounts differ, this is generally noted by Philbrick, with his evaluation of which account is more believable.  The reader should not be dissuaded by the negative review posted by Mark Shanks below.  Shanks criticizes Philbrick for using "extrapolations."  The extrapolations in the book are minimal.  A non-fiction author should label extrapolations, but is it a sin to assume that the Essex butchered whales like every other whaler?  Shanks may be confused because Philbrick uses accounts from those survivor reports which might be thought the author's extrapolation.  For example, the report that the crew "looked at each other with perfect amazement, deprived almost of the power of speech" may sound like an extrapolation, but it's a direct quote from the second mate's account.  A few inconsequential extrapolations does not turn this well-researched factual book into a "docudrama."  Strangely, Shanks simultaneously criticizes Philbrick for "heavily leaning on personal stories."  How could the Essex survivors _not_ write "personal stories"?  What, after all, is "history" but significant personal stories in context?  Unlike "Perfect Storm," the Essex sinking had survivors who put their recollections in writing.  Without personal stories, this would be a book on whaling in general, with no mention of the Essex.    Shanks admits judging a book by the first sentence of its preface, and claims that "competent historians" must write in stilted and dry prose.  If Shanks recoils because Philbrick recounts his father and uncle telling him the Essex story when he was a boy, then Shanks has been too-deeply indoctrinated in the need for a historian to appear "detached" from a moving account.   Shanks categorizes the 40-page source notes at the end as "highly anecdotal and subjective."  Instead, the reader will find that Philbrick's source notes contain a richly annotated discussion of the original sources, how the secondary sources were used, and suggestions for further reading.  If you're looking for a college thesis which is narrowly focused on a minor issue, written in a dry style with five footnotes per paragraph, this is not the book for you. If you're looking for an educational and entertaining book, don't miss this one.     