 The book details events on Everest that bring into question the nature of our  responsiblity to our fellows.  As one climber puts his opinion, "above 8,000 meters is not a place where people can afford morality."  And yet other climbers and expeditions selflessly helped those in need, at risk to themselves and their own attempt to reach the summit.   The IMAX film team, for instance, gave away spare batteries and half their oxygen -- which had been laboriously carried up the mountain, and the lack of which risked the successful finish of the $5 million IMAX film -- to help the stricken expeditions.   In another way, the book is like _The Guns of August_ which recounts the unfortunate coincidences and poor judgment which, combined, led to World War I.  The book details the obstacles and conditions all Everest climbers face, and the many different factors on this trip that led to 12 deaths.  Did having a journalist on one expedition, and a prominent socialite on another, cause the respective leaders to take risks they would not otherwise have allowed?  "Above 26,000 feet, ... the line between appropriate zeal and reckless summit fever becomes grievously thin."  The author also goes into the mystique and motivations of mountain climbing, and particularly climbing Everest itself, and he does not neglect the Sherpas and their history, motivation, life, culture and contributions.  And lastly, the author is brave enough to include at the end some scathing personal criticism he received after the Outside Magazine article.  The shortcomings of the book include a jumbling of the characters' names -- it is a large "cast," but the author makes it harder by switching back and forth between first and last names.  For instance, the reader must remember that "Anatoli" and "Boukreev" and "the Russian" are the same person.   I think Krakauer's worst offense is to REPEAT the horrific mistake in the magazine article.  Krakauer writes that jus! t above the highest camp, closest to the summit, Krakauer saw Andy Harris walking toward and reaching the safety of the tents (which good news was radioed to Harris' loved ones), and then later reported that since Andy Harris didn't reach the tents, the crampon tracks at the same elevation leading into a 7000' abyss must be Harris'.  This was printed in the Outside article, and grieved Harris' loved ones that he died in that way.  In fact, Harris had disappeared much farther up the mountain.  The person Krakauer thought was Harris was someone else.  It was a mistake once, because Krakauer hadn't interviewed everyone -- but to recount the false story again in the book and "correct" it 33 pages later was pointless and confusing.     