 It's interesting that Underhill's group was the one that advised Subway Sandwiches to print specific nutritional comparisons to other brand-name fast food items on their napkins.  This was genius! After reading this book, you will never enter a store or restaurant without examining its design and displays.  Underhill describes the "zones" of a store or restaurant. There's a time or two when Underhill gives contradictory opinions.  One time, he says that computers should be displayed set up with their peripherals, ready to work, so that customers can try them out.    But, another time, Underhill says customers want to see all similar $300 printers lined up together for comparison. There are several things Underhill doesn't mention which are major sales inhibitors.  Stores may have the best designed signage displaying the menu items or identifying aisles, and then put up large advertising banners a few feet in front of those signs, so that customers can't read the original signs without getting right under them.  Many fast food outlets also neglect clearing and wiping tables.  Yes, customers are expected to clear their own tables, but if they don't, the staff should promptly do so.  Otherwise, the company spends millions in advertising to get customers into a restaurant, and the negligence of a manager chases the customer out.  Many a time fast food customers will find napkins, straws and utensils stuffed into dispensers so tightly that it's near impossible to retrieve them.  Likewise, Underhill barely mentions the effects of employees' broken promises and faulty information.  How many of us have shopped at a Orchard Supply-type hardware store, to have an employee promise to send someone to help you and never return?  Or have an employee tell you they don't sell such an item in the store, and it turns out later they do?  Frequently the reverse happens, when the employee swears the item can be found waaay across the store in aisle 3, where it doesn't exist.  Underhill says video stores should play movies suitable to all audiences, but it's often the case, especially later in the evening, that customers will have to shop under blaring rock music.   In some stores, such as a mall Radio Shack I visited recently, the teen employees were engaged in such an animated conversation among themselves that customers didn't feel welcome to interrupt them, for the purposes of getting help or ringing up a purchase. This book is worth reading.  In reading the book, you'll see that some stores have incorporated his suggestions in the four years since publication.     