 Maybe you've been in a similar situation:  I was talking with a Zen monk, lamenting how I don't think I'll have enough vacation time from work to participate in an upcoming 7-day retreat.  I also said I wasn't sure if I could deal with day after day of formal practices, especially the long sitting meditation.  I didn't even know what I'm supposed to get out of such a long period of formal practice.  The monk told me there's a Zen Master in our school who recently wrote a good book about her experience with a solo retreat that would probably answer my questions and also alleviate some of my concerns.    I picked up this book and I was immediately relieved that it's not very long - I'm not a fast reader, yet I still finished it in a couple hours.  Her style is easy to read and digest, and it's broken into small chapters only a couple pages long.  It reads like a journal, and as such, it's all about her thoughts and feelings while experiencing her solo retreat.  And while Jane Dobisz is a Zen Master (her Zen name is Bon Yeon), it was incredibly heartening to read that she experiences many of the same seemingly low-class problems (in Zen-speak) that novice practicioners like me have.  She comes across as a very "real" person, and her insights are easy to understand and appreciate.    I wouldn't recommend this book to someone who is new to Zen and wants to learn about it - it contains many Zen references and there are other books written specifically for beginners.  And I wouldn't recommend this book to someone looking for a "how to" guide for planning a solo retreat - she doesn't discuss all the logistics, options for different ways of doing it, etc.  And I don't consider those to be faults - it simply isn't want this book is about.  After I finished reading this, I felt relieved, elated, and best of all - I felt even more motivated to practice!  And that's the greatest thing about this book.  I sometimes fall into the Zen-sickness of reading a lot about Zen instead of practicing Zen.  And by it's nature, Zen cannot be attained by studying alone - there are countless stories of scholarly sutra masters who were humbled by wise practicioners.  Usually, reading a book about Zen just makes my mind "sicker", leaving me with even more questions and leading me to check myself and my practice even more than before.  But this book - this book made me feel more confident about my practice than ever before.    That's all I can say, and I've probably said too much already.  I hope this helps.     