 I'm not writing a review about the story, but about the physical quality of this edition.  If you're like me, the number of editions available makes it hard to choose one.  I decided I wanted a hardback since I imagine this is a book I'd eventually give to my kids when they grow up.  Therefore I wanted something that would last, and a 1000+ page paperback will probably fall apart like an old phone book after a couple years of use.  I don't want to shell-out a lot of money for an enlightened manuscript either, so cost was an issue in my decision. I found several hardcover editions (still available) to choose from.  I went to a couple of bookstores to compare them.  I chose this one because it was the best 'deal'.  I.e.- some of the other editions are higher quality, but they cost considerably more.  This book seems to have good binding, the paper (while not archive quality) is bright and not too light-weight, and the printing is clean.  Personally, I don't care for the dust jacket.  While I _LOVE_ the movie, I think the use of tie-in cover art is cheesy.  Thankfully, the cover beneath the dust jacket is attractive (although quite plain compared to the more expensive editions). Here are some of the others (by ISBN) and my comments: 0395595118 the 1991 centenary edition Probably the best single-volume edition available with up-to-date revisions/corrections.  Also has new artwork.  Costs twice as much as this one though- ouch! 0395193958 leatherette collector's edition Looks great, and other reviewers have said it is a really durable book.  It also includes a large fold-out map attached to the back cover- pretty nifty.  However, it's based on the 1974 edition so the later revisions/corrections are not included.  Costs about the same as the centenary edition. 0395489326 boxed set of 3 hardback volumes Published in 1988, it is more up-to-date than the 1974 editions, but still not quite current.  If you want a hardback set, rather than a single volume, this is a very attractive set.  The books have a nice size- smaller than the collector's edition but easily bigger than a paperback.  Each volume also includes a fold-out map.  It also costs about the same as the two editions mentioned above.  There are more recent hardback sets available, but they have the tacky movie tie-in cover art. 0618129014 same as this one but released in June 2001 As far as I could tell, it just has different cover art on the dust jacket. That's it :)  If you are interested in any of these other editions, you can find all of these on Amazon (put the ISBN in the search field).     