 Hmmm, I seem to be somewhere between the "I hate this compared to Cowboy Bebop" and the "Best Anime Ever" crowds.  FYI- I've seen both complete series, and to be fair, you can't compare them without lots of qualifications (it's apples and oranges). First, the good stuff.  I found the story line to be intriguing and it evolved nicely to build a sense of mystery around the past of the main character, Vash, and his antagonist, Knives.  I also like the way some of the ethical/moral dilemnas were presented and forced to resolution, and they weren't always resolved by the main character.  I should caution that the first few episodes are very light-hearted and not really related to the overall plot - so don't get discouraged if you're looking for "the great plot I read about" and don't see it for a while.  Personally, I found the last 3 or 4 episodes to be excellent and the final confrontation was REALLY well done - original, stylish, and well-drawn. Now the bad stuff.  As far as animation quality, visual design, and mechanical design goes the series is so-so:   The backgrounds are simplistic, very monochromatic (even taking into consideration that they're on a planet that's mostly desert), and are a bit lower quality than what I'd expect from an anime of its time.   The character animation sometimes suffers from poor perspective and chunky movement (like when Wolfwood tries to grab the apple from Chapel's hands).  Don't worry - there are scenes with really memorable renderings, like the enraged look on Knives' face in July.  It's just inconsistent, and it's likely due to cost - most anime series that don't have a big bankroll can't afford top artists to work on the cells for every scene. And the mechanical designs for close-ups of weapons are sometimes too far off the mark (if you're familiar with firearms and tend to notice these things).  Unfortunately, it's the main character's gun that suffers the most serious and obvious mechanical design flaw - revolvers must have the barrel, a cylinder chamber (usually at 12 o'clock not 6 o'clock) and the hammer in alignment.  His doesn't.  And the close-ups of Wolfwood's semi-auto are completely unrealistic regarding the barrel, slide, and action.  Again, this only matters if you're familiar with firearms and notice this sort of thing (I did, but it wasn't so annoying that I couldn't ignore it and enjoy the series anyway). Overall, I like the series - enough to have watched the last few episodes over and over again. If you're a complete technical nerd with serious hang-ups about details, maybe this isn't the best series.  If you like series with interesting characters and inventive plot lines, give it a try - especially if you can watch it on Adult Swim before deciding to buy the DVDs.  But again, be aware that the tone changes a lot after the first few episodes.     