 Right here, right now, I must warn you: If you haven't watched much anime, then I strongly recommend you buy some of the other popular anime series first - otherwise you won't get as much out of this. I know that sounds almost elitist, but take it from a guy who may have already "ruined" anime for his girlfriend :)  Even if this is your first anime series, you'll probably enjoy it as long as you like off-the-wall story lines.  However, as many other reviewers point out, this series has layers upon layers of outstanding attributes - from the seamless transition between drawing styles to the recycling of anime cliches into almost a best-of-breed exposition of each one.  If you haven't watched at least one anime series before, you just won't grok that the cliches _are_ cliches, etc.  Seriously, just watch at least ONE other series first (I recommend Tenchi Universe as the most versatile and universally appealing introduction into decent anime). OK, back to the DVD at hand.  I won't say much about the story cuz there are a ton of other reviews here that provide those details quite well.  However, I WILL point out the things that got me hooked: (I) Soundtrack absolutely rocks.  I'm actually heading out the door after this review to Japantown and Chinatown in SF to look for a copy. (II) The artistic quality of the animation approaches sublime.  It's a short series, and maybe that explains how they could commit themselves to making every frame - EVERY FRAME - equally well done.  Coloring, shading, perspective, and most importantly movement are all expressed masterfully. (III) The whole package (story, soundtrack, artwork) will hook you into watching this at least 10 times.  You watch it once and love it, and you immediately feel like watching it again so you can catch all the details you noticed and vanished so quickly.   (IV) The story has action, a little touch of mecha, and some excellent portrayals of angst-pounding ... tension.  And not about overly gratuitous ... situations, they're about the sickeningly haunting kind of crushes you had when you were just becoming a teen-ager (at least for guys).  The kind that isn't about running home and crying a lot and saying "she's dreamy" (12 year old guys don't do that), the kind that makes you act tough and like a jerk until you embarass yourself, the kind that makes you want a girl to fall in love with you, not because you're "sexy", but because you're her hero.  Episodes 3 and 4 nail this to perfection. (V) You will abosolutely love the fact that you bought the DVD and didn't just tape it from TV.  The DVD format allows you to sharply pause and slow-motion through scenes so you can catch all the details, and also so you can jump around till you figure out the plot :) That last point goes back to my original comment - if you're an anime fan, you'll probably become engrossed enough to do stuff like frame-advance through the really short scenese.  And again, even in the sub-second scenes the artwork is flawless. I've enjoyed a lot of other series that are also quite popular in the US: DBZ, Trigun, the 3 Tenchi series, the umpteen Gundam series, Robotech, etc. even that Voltron [stuff] from when I was a kid.  If you liked any of that stuff, I can't imagine how you could NOT love this series - it's everything you love about anime and its done to perfection...     