 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If a reader wants a beautifully told romance, with plenty of action to keep one intrigued, this debut by Ms. Thomas is one to read.   Lady Alexandra Marshall is not an ordinary woman for her time. She is relatively independent, well schooled, and a career woman. She is content in her job at the museum, spending her days with the priceless artifacts she works with. Though her new life seems to be going well, she has never forgotten the one man who stole her heart years ago, her ex-husband - the only man she has ever loved.  Sir Christopher Donally has overcome his less then stellar past to make a new mark on society with his architecture company. His business is taking off and they are in the running for some high dollar government projects. However, as well as he seems to be doing now, he can't get out of his mind the only woman who ever truly mattered to him. So when he bumps into her quite by accident after 10 years, all those old feelings come rushing back.  Alex never in a million years expected to see Christopher again, especially as a member of the board for her museum! When she discovers that someone has been stealing jewels from the museum she goes straight to her boss, who promptly accuses her, damaging her reputation. There is no one she can think of for help, so she turns to Christopher for aid. He agrees, the price being she'll sponsor his sister in society. However, long buried feelings begin to bubble up, reminding them both of what they once had. Will they solve the mystery of who is stealing artifacts? Can they overcome their past to find the love they are destined for?  Ms. Thomas has told a wonderful tale here, with strong characters. Alex and Christopher are a perfect pair who, though unable to overcome the obstacles in their way the first time around, now have a second chance at the love of which they never let go. They are perfect complements for each other and give everyone hopes of someday finding that special kind of love. The secondary characters are also wonderful, from Christopher's sister Brianna and the rest of his rambunctious family and friends, to Alex's cold father, to the museum employees.   The mystery of the missing pieces at the museum is well done, and though a big part of the storyline, it never overwhelms the real story - Alex and Christopher's romance. There is enough action surrounding this part of the plot to keep the reader turning pages, as if the heat from Alex and Christopher's relationship isn't enough. The resolution of the mystery is not too surprising, even with the few false trails thrown in. However, this reviewer didn't figure it out until the end, probably due to focusing on the romance part of the story.  All in all, this book was delightful and a wonderful way to spend the hours. One will be carried along on the waves of Alex and Christopher's love, wishing real life could go the same. The best part of the book, for this reviewer was the fact it proves time resolves issues, when love in strong enough. It proves fate always has its way, even when it looks like things can't work out. It will give the reader a sense of hope, that even when one feels down, "what's meant to be will be." The worst thing about this story? That it had to end. This reviewer looks forward to more books by Ms. Thomas, if this one is any indication of what she is capable of writing.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2004. All rights reserved.     