 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  Wealthy American heiress Amelia Belford is being forced into a marriage she does not want. Her mother desires her to marry into a high ranking reputable family and Amelia's father is eager for the business connections this marriage will open up to him in Europe. All she wants is to be happy and to find a marriage of love rather then convenience.  Jack Kent is attending the high society wedding of the wealthy socialite from America and her groom-to-be Duke Whitcliffe, for an opportunity to spend time with his family before heading off on another sea journey. When he escapes the Church to go outside for some air prior to the wedding, she is shocked to see the young bride making a break for freedom by shimmying out a Church window and down the wall, on a beeline for a carriage to escape in, and ends up in Jack's own carriage!  Jack is immediately taken with Amelia's spirit and bid for freedom, agreeing to help her by taking her first to London, then on to his home in Inverness, Scotland. Suddenly he finds himself protecting the young beauty, wanting to see no harm come to her as she discovers how it feels to be free. Jack and Amelia are drawn to each other... he to her indomitable will and she to the kindness in his heart, which can't quite mask the pain in his eyes - a pain he refuses to reveal.  However, fate is not ready for them yet. Someone has plans to ruin Jack's growing shipping business, destroying any credibility he's acquired by overcoming his less-then-stellar past. Amelia's family will do anything to get her back and married off. Will Jack and Amelia be able to overcome the obstacles - internal and external - to find the happiness only they can grant each other?  Ms. Monk continues the Kent family saga with this impressive read. Jack and Amelia show such passion and strength, still having their weaknesses, as the reader gets to know them. Jack is convinced everyone looks down on him for his scandalous past and Amelia longs for someone to love her for herself, not her money. Each longs for the other to love them for whom they are inside, not what is on the surface. All of the secondary characters are delightful as well... from Jack's extended family of reformed thieves to Amelia's brash family of "loud obnoxious" Americans.  Plenty of plot can be found in Jack's lowly background, Amelia's escapades to escape for The Wedding Escape, and the mystery behind the vandalism to his sea fleet and the attempts to destroy his business. Jack's brothers and sisters... and servants... add humor to the story, keeping it lighthearted and full of entertaining and memorable scenes.  One can't help but fall in love with Jack and Amelia, and all of the Kent family throughout this entire book. This reviewer loved this book and is eager to read more adventures of this loveable family.   Kelley A. Hartsell, April 2003. All rights reserved.     