 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  When Sophia Miller is summoned to Europe for the reading of her grandfather's will, she never expects her life to change as it does. She begins to have strange dreams that haunt her nights, and experiences sexual longings never before experienced, every time she is in the presence of mysterious stranger, Peter Krieg. All she wants is to gain her inheritance so she can return home and care for her ailing mother.  Peter Krieg is a stranger, and oddly enough, one of a family that was long thought dead. So when he appears at the castle, everyone is shocked that he even exists. He had been kept hidden his entire life, tasked with a duty to destroy an evil power lurking at the Mueller castle. No one knows his true purpose at the reading of the will, or why it was required that he even be there. When he meets the beautiful Sophia, he begins to realize his duty may be a little more difficult than expected. Love was never a part of the bargain.  Strange happenings occur at the Mueller home and new people arrive who seem to know more then they are telling. When Sophia's cousin, Karl, disappears, it is feared he has succumbed to the evil. Is there any truth to the rumors of an ancient family curse that they will become werewolves? And how can Sophia and Peter defeat the terror that permeates the entire island?  Sophia has some strong powers she's only begun to experience, and when they begin to awaken, her life changes permanently. These powers however, that should be her undoing, may actually be the key to conquering the evil forever. Peter Krieg is a dark, mysterious man who knows more than he is telling. The love he and Sophia discover together will inflame passions and a hunger that cannot be denied.  Sophia is a heroine strong in heart and mind. She is braver than most women would be of her era. She is selfless in her devotion to her mother, as well as any other people she calls friend. When her passion for Peter begins to develop, she is confused and frightened, convinced it is a result of her curse. Peter is deeply mysterious, never revealing his true reason for being there until it is absolutely necessary. He is there to do his duty, so is shocked to find himself falling for Sophia. When their love for one another overcomes them, it is extremely passionate and all encompassing. The secondary characters all add depth to the story... and secrets, from the servants of the household, to the family solicitor, to Sophia's cousin, Karl. All are well developed and fully fleshed out, making the reader feel for them as well.  This story is the stuff gothic romance is made of. There are dark secrets, an ancient mysterious castle, an unsuspecting heroine, and a mysterious dark hero. This book will delight readers and fans of horror, romance, and fantasy alike with the mystery and love story that unfolds here. The story grips readers in its clutches and will keep them reading long in to the night. The plot is fast moving and intriguing, with new details revealed at every turn. There is enough mystery throughout to keep one guessing and to make every character a suspect. When the true history - and fate - of the Mueller family is unfurled, readers will gasp in shock and a hint of fear.  Ms. Jones tells a chillingly, fascinating tale in Scent of the Wolf. Be sure to go out and pick up a copy of this book today. It is bound to satisfy.     Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2005. All rights reserved.     