 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This book is a compelling continuation of the story of The Balance. Picking up where More Than Magick left off, the reader has answers to many questions raised at the end of that story.     At last, Healer Sulis has her chance to shine. At the opening of the story, she is a broken down version of her former self, full of self-loathing and shame at her role in almost destroying her family and loved ones. She had betrayed her Goddess and her vows as a healer when she was under the control of the evil Janus. She believes nothing she could ever do would make up for her behavior and wishes for a life with the Daughters of the Goddess, a group of women dedicated to an existence of isolation and worship. Her family, and Goddess, have other plans however.     Mage Llyr suffers in his own private hell as well. He can never forget what happened a couple years ago. California Magick, one of the strongholds of The Balance, was destroyed by the evil Shiva, priest of the Queen. He was no match for Shiva, though he is convinced he could have done more to stop him. Nor can he forget the one woman he had loved, and how he failed her most of all.     When these two are thrown together for a special mission, neither is happy about the turn of events, preferring to continue their own chosen paths. However, their council of leaders has other plans. It turns out Bedrock is not dead at California Magick, as previously thought, but it is severely damaged and in need of healing. Su is best suited to the job, though she thinks otherwise, and Mage Llyr is chosen to assist and act as Guardian during the healing process. What Goddess wants, Goddess gets, after all, She knows best... and what she wants is for Sulis and Llyr to be bonded by old rituals, for better service to Her.      Sulis and Llyr are at odds from the moment they meet - he is convinced she was a willing party to recent events to disrupt the Balance and allow evil to reign. Su is upset as she feels she is undeserving of the honor bestowed on her to fulfill this particular duty, one that has never before been attempted, and she only wishes to be left alone to her misery. These two find themselves drawn to one another as they never expected, finding the beginnings of a special love. Unfortunately, the evil ever dogging them is back, with a new plan for the permanent destruction of Bedrock and the Balance. Can Su and Llyr overcome their doubts in themselves, and each other to Heal Bedrock and win this battle? Or will the Queen's followers conquer in the end? One must read the book to be sure.   Throughout the story, the reader will see the growth of Sulis and Llyr, as they overcome the obstacles preventing them from being the best of which they are capable. As they grow and change, their mutual animosity turns to a grudging respect, then like, and finally, their love for one another reveals itself and shines through.     Of course, action is never lacking in one of Ms. Taffs' stories. She expands on the traditional good vs. evil scenario with complex storylines that will capture the reader's interest. One will be eager to keep turning the pages, to find out what will happen next. The story text and dialogue flow smoothly, seamlessly, making the storyline easier to follow. There will be some confusion in some scenes though, where references are made to happenings from the previous two books, if one is starting with this book in the series. However, Ms. Taffs works hard to dispel that as well, by providing a glossary in the back of the book, defining the Balance for readers. There are also mentions made in the glossary of the references to the first two books, explaining them to people. This will certainly help to understand the full scope of the story encompassed in these books.     In short, readers, be they new to the Balance, or veterans, this chapter in the series will delight. Hats off to Ms. Taffs for writing such a multidimensional story about such a fascinating world, that of Magick. Go out and get copies of all three books today, and be prepared to spend several hours engrossed in reading, beginning to end. But is it really the end? Of course not! Fans will be happy to hear there is already another book in the works.      Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2003. All rights reserved.     