 Courtesy of TCM Reviews  Avalon "Lonnie" Lynch wants nothing more than to leave her heritage behind. She doesn't want to be a witch, but sometimes fate will have its way no matter what. When she comes home to Pumpkin to celebrate Halloween, a prankster is on the loose. Someone wants to ruin the holiday and it can only be a person from their rival town of Holly.  Nicholas "The Dugan" Dugan is sent from his home town of Holly over to Pumpkin to investigate all the mysterious incidents occurring. When a skeleton literally falls on top of him, things really get interesting. Of course, it has absolutely nothing to do with the gorgeous Lonnie to whom he is bound by a magic spell until the mystery is resolved. Or does it? Will their families' histories, which caused the rivalry between the towns, get in the way of their true love found?  Some Enchanted Autumn by Linda Andrews is an all around cute, funny, feel-good kind of story. The characters are quirky and the storyline engaging. This reviewer especially loved the terminology used as expletives in the story. Who can resist someone whose favorite expression when they are frustrated is "Cracked Cauldrons!" or "Sugar Cookies?" Readers will chuckle several times over the antics of the townspeople.  Lonnie and Nick are perfect for each other, as much as they dislike each other in the beginning. How they overcome their doubts about one another is sure to delight readers. The supporting cast is bubbling with fun. The fear of Pumpkin's residents of "The Dugan," their version of the boogeyman is amusing, as is the grudging respect they give him in the end. However, two characters in particular, who happen to be skeletons, will steal the show every time they make an appearance. One comes to look forward to their scenes, just waiting to see what kind of mischief they'll get in to next.  Some Enchanted Autumn is, to put it simply... enchanting! This reviewer now intends to get a copy of The Christmas Village, so as to spend more time in this delightful world.   Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2005. All rights reserved.     