 Courtesy of Love Romances Julie Fasano has dreamed of being a reporter for most of her life. When she lands a trial column to test her merit, she is thrilled. The topic is unique though she is to give advice to the single in the city by detailing her own quest for Mr. Right by kissing 100 men. Years ago, he grandmother had given her some sage advice, "a girl should kiss a hundred men before she marries," and Julie took it to heart. Hunter Matthews is a private investigator, whose like is one of hard facts and concrete evidence. He likes his life planned and predictable, right down to the most minute of details. He also places great importance on honesty and integrity. When he unintentionally costs Julie her job, she comes to him demanding he hire her to make it up to her. So he hires her on as his temporary secretary while his is on her honeymoon. But where Julie is concerned, he has more on his mind then just business. Hunter is hired to try to find the "Mystery Kisser" the entire city is raving about, for the client's fear over who it is. This provides quite a problem though; since one of the conditions of Julie's test column is that she remains anonymous. At first she isn't overly worried, but as she and Hunter grow closer, she begins to worry about what he would do if he found out about her "other life." The closer he gets to cracking the case, the more Julie is torn over whether to reveal herself to him or to keep her secret. What will he do when he finds out the "Mystery Kisser" is Julie herself? Will he think less of her for not being completely honest with him? Or will he understand her reasons and love her all the more for them? This was an extremely cute story, and very amusing. Julie has had a crush on Hunter since she was a young child and those feelings grew up as she did. She is known for being impulsive which is such an extreme contradiction to Hunter, who has to plan every thing ahead of time. These differences cause many moments throughout the story that add a great hilarity and comedy of errors to several of the cases Hunter is working on. They make a good balance for each other though, one that adds to the lives of both. Ms. Greene provides just the right blend of love, romance, humor, and even a slight bit of suspense to keep the reader interested and turning the pages. There are plenty of laugh out loud moments as well, and one shares Hunter's relief at the solution of the investigation he was most worried about. First You Kiss 100 Men... was this reviewer's introduction to the world of Ms. Greene, but it won't be the last. Sweet and charming is the name of the game with this book and well worth the time to read it. Check it out today.      