 Courtesy of Love Romances Kristy Sinclair has been dreaming every night a vision of a man with brilliant green eyes, surrounded by evil beings that mean nothing but harm to Kristy. In spite of the vividness of these nightly encounters, she believes they are nothing more than dreams; surely they are not premonitions of things to come. When she comes across an antique scrying mirror in a New Age Boutique, she has to have it, though she can't begin to explain why. She looks into the mirror and sees those same green eyes which have haunted her nights, and suddenly she is seeing a flesh and blood man, with those same eyes. Somehow, Kristy has been magically transported, via her mirror, to a distant past, where anyone even remotely suspected of witchcraft is hunted down and killed as a matter of course. Jared Ramsey is a successful smuggler of goods forbidden in Puritan England. Imagine his surprise when upon returning to his room one night, he finds a lovely woman of unusual speech and dress already there. Even more surprising are her claims that she comes from another time and place! Witchcraft!! She is beautiful, unlike anyone he has known, so it is only natural he come to her rescue, when she is accused of witchcraft. He takes Kristy with him on his travels to unload his cargo and gather information for his greater mission... to return a Stuart to his rightful place on England's throne. Witch hunters and the Lord Protector's police aren't all who on their tail however. A powerful witch, Gwyneth, is after them as well, wanting Kristy's dormant powers for her coven. Hers is one of The Left-Hand Path though, practitioners of black magic and Kristy is terrified of the witch. But Gwyneth has one thing that may lure her to them. Kristy has no memory of the first six years of her life, or her parents. This evil witch claims to have all the answers Kristy has long sought, but will only reveal them when she comes to the coven willingly. Kristy is horrified to hear what the coven wants of her and Jared doesn't know what to believe. He doesn't want to think she is a witch, but.... The more time he spends with Kristy, the more he desires her and wants to believe her, despite his doubts. He finds himself helping her to escape witches and hunters alike. As their journey takes them across England and into Scotland. But there is no escaping such powerful enemies. Will Kristy and Jared overcome the evil they are faced with? And what about her forgotten years? Is she really a powerful witch like Gwyneth claims? Is she descended from a legacy of darkness or light? This was an interesting, though it had a very dark storyline. Anyone who has a hard time hearing about black magic practices should not read this book. There are references to different kinds of sacrifices the witches make, though no specific details or description. This book is all about the struggle of good vs. evil, with lots of romance thrown in. Kristy and Jared's attraction is immediate from the moment they meet, even before that, in her dreams. Jared struggles with his attraction to her, since he has a hard time believing her claims of time travel and that she is not a witch. He is afraid of being drawn into something evil, from which there is no escaping. Before Gwyneth is really introduced, when Kristy is just having visions of her and the mysterious red fog she travels in, one can sense the malevolence in her character, knowing there is something about her that is far from right. Just the descriptions of her appearance and silent actions in the beginning are enough to send chills up the reader spine and cause the hairs on the back of the neck to prickle, leading in to a lot of times where that will happen. This was a good book, giving some interesting details of Puritan life in England, and the time period. It is apparent Ms. Haviland did her research thoroughly for this tale. And fear not, good does triumph over evil in the end, as it should, with an interesting spin on the story line.      