 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If one wants a delightful medieval tale, full of adventure and romance, this is the book to read.  Morvan Fitzwaryn thought he was about to die. The beginning stages of The Plague had just manifested in his squire, William and now the townsfolk of Brest, in Brittany, are after them. Morvan takes up refuge in an old longhouse, preparing to await his fate, preferring to die at the hands of angry peasants rather then in the throes of this most dreaded disease. Just as his fate seems sealed, she comes roaring to his rescue.  Anna de Leon was a unique woman in her time. She answered to no man, rather they answered to her, as the commander of the castle and its men. She is not like any woman Morvan has ever known. Anna has already suffered through, and survived the illness now stalking Morvan and his men, so she calls the villagers off, telling them to leave him be and she will take care of him. Thus begins a special relationship between them, as she fights for his life beside him.   The time they spend together bonds them in a way neither understands, yet both treasure. A reluctant friendship grows that turns into something more. But the idyllic time as he recovers is short-lived. Anna believes no man could ever be attracted to one such as herself, for she acts and looks more man then woman, in her eyes. When a past enemy, Gurwant de Beaumanoir, returns to conquer her home, and herself, she cannot just stand by and let others fight her battles for her, and Morvan finds out first hand what an amazing, but individual woman she is. All he wants is to protect her, and all she wants is her freedom and independence to protect herself.  So begins Morvan's real battle, the battle for the love of a special woman. But can he accept her for the woman she is or will he tamp down the fiery spirit that makes her who she is, and what he really loves?  Ms. Hunter has written a wonderful medieval tale, with everything one expects from a good romance. Morvan and Anna are powerful individuals who in the beginning can't decide if they would rather be adversaries or allies. Her fiery spirit is the perfect tempering to his dominating presence. Passion flares so brightly the reader has no choice but to be drawn under its spell. Gurwain is brilliantly done, coming across as a brutal and malevolent man. One feels the blackness of his soul which needs defeating. All of the characters are skillfully rendered, from the gentle-hearted Ascanio, a warrior priest, to Anna's younger sister, Catherine, who is experiencing her own first love, to all of the vassals and servants of Anna's family. Every single soul is a delightful addition to the tale unwinding.  The action is well-paced, with several pivotal moments leading up to the final climactic battle scene. This reviewer likes how each thread of the tale is woven, with its own culmination, so the story can slow down just enough to prepare the reader for the next turn of events to unfold. The full plot ebbs and flows, reeling one in, to let go, only to real the reader back in for an even more exciting stage. Ms Hunter also brilliantly captures, without over-glorifying, or over-dramatizing, the feel of the time period and the people. This was a violent time in history, as the Bretons try to prove their independence and wade through the battles between king and pretender to the throne of England. However, she also focuses on the happiness and simplicity of the people, in the midst of a war.  This was an enchanting book, and proves why Ms. Hunter is fast rising in popularity, to become a household name in the romance world. This book is guaranteed not to disappoint.   Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2003. All rights reserved.     