 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Charlotte "Charlie" Eaton was in need of rescuing. She had just left her future husband at the altar She realized she did not, and never would, love him. All her life, Charlie had done everything she could think of to please her mother and make her proud. No matter what she tried, she always fell short of what her mother desired.  Dan Martin is the owner of Imperial Shipping. He is heading out for a delivery run and finds the runaway bride, complete in gown and veil, running down the street, the entire wedding party hot on her sneaker-clad heels. Dan plays hero and picks Charlie up and takes her with him.  Now Charlie is on her own with no money, or job, or even a place to live... but she is free! However, she needs to get herself settled somewhere, somehow. Enter Dan coming to the rescue again. He has no idea what has gotten into him. He is a loner, convinced he is meant to stay that way his whole life, after having spent his entire childhood being passed from one foster home to the next. So no one is more surprised than he is when he offers Charlie a job at Imperial, and a place to stay, until she gets back on her feet.  Charlie tries to get her life back on track, while dodging her overbearing mother and her obnoxious ex-fianc. She also finds herself falling for her personal knight in shining armor. However, Dan is resistant, thinking she is merely on the rebound and that she will move on like most everyone else in his life had. Charlie knows what she is feeling is real, but will she convince Dan of that before he pushes her away forever?  Ms. Fuhrmann has written a good one here, full of her trademark humor. The electricity between Charlie and Dan is evident on every page and the reader will delight in following their exploits and missteps in the relationship dance. One can't help but love them both and cheer them on to a happy ever after. This reviewer liked the use of fairy tale euphemisms that are found throughout the story and woven into the theme.   Charlie's mother Harriet and ex-fianc Winslow are a riot convinced Charlie is not serious and trying to force her to go along with their plans. Her relationship with both of them is very frustrating and the reader can't help but feel what she is, and applaud her decisions. Dan makes the perfect prince, though his ride of choice is a truck named Gloria, rather than a white stallion.  This was a delightful read, full of enough comedy to keep things light and enjoyable. It is definitely worth tracking down a copy of this book. This reviewer is now off to read the rest of the books by Ms. Fuhrmann.   Kelley A. Hartsell, 2001. All rights reserved.     