 Courtesy of Love Romances reviews  This is a delightful story that mixes fantasy and romance in a medieval type of world.  Rose of Valinor is on a mission. Fleeing a depressing place in which she had recently been imprisoned, she goes on the run to find the one man she feels can help her. She needs to find the Prince of Venya in the hopes he can help her escape the wrath of her uncle. The man she finds is nothing like the stories and legends claim, but someone infinitely more intriguing.  Florian barely held on to his life a fateful day many years ago, when the wretched King Richard killed his parents and took over the lands of Venya. As a result, he made a vow that no matter what the risk, he would one day rid his lands of Richard, and assume his rightful place as ruler. He has no time for a misguided young woman whom he feels is slightly mad... or does he?  When Florian realizes Rose may be his greatest hope in ending the long years of war, he determines to make her his by fair means or foul, and sets his course. Little did either of them realize that they'd find their greatest strengths in each other... and a love that is the stuff legends are made of.  This was a wonderful story! Ms. Minogue weaves a passionate tale, full of suspense, romance, mystery, and a healthy dose of the paranormal. Readers will venture in to the swashbuckling world of pirates, where no one is quite what they seem, and magic is the name of the game. The plot is swift moving and well developed, luring one in on the first page and holding tight until the final scenes unfold, surprising in their outcome.  Rose is a brave woman, who puts all else before herself, never minding the risk to her own life. She is deeply passionate, highly intelligent, very caring, and in love with a legend. Florian has one mission in life and always has - to restore his people to their rightful land and to take his place as ruler of the magical land. He is strong willed, also very passionate, and finds himself taken with the young beauty who seeks his aid. When these two come together, their love is all consuming but not without its ups and downs.  Magic, as mentioned before, is a primary player woven into the story. The `filidhi', who fled Venya, are a people of great wisdom and none too lacking in magical abilities. Their skills come into play many times throughout the story, adding a mystical bend to the tale. Florian himself has some pretty impressive abilities, though one is kept in the dark as to what they are through much of the story, with the secret only being revealed when most necessary to the storyline. Also there are other fantastical beings in the story, like the Ilindrian race of people who have some unique traits of their own, and the sea-going merrow, who appear to be much like what is more commonly known as a mermaid. These beings add interesting facets to the story, making it the impressive fantasy it is.  All of the secondary characters are rendered beautifully, with unique personalities. This reviewer was intrigued by many of them. There was the young brave Beylik, a former slave, Florian's surgeon, Sigurd who is not what he seems, the young Ilindrian shipmate Ashkii, King Cristobal of Sorlain, the filidhi Mage apprentice Caelan and the hated King Richard. Everyone adds depth and dimension to the story, making for a more than satisfying read.  This was a fascinating story that this reviewer thoroughly enjoyed and would recommend highly. Also, she has a sneaking suspicion that there may be sequels yet to come, having found some characters just longing for their own stories to be told.   Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2004. All rights reserved.     