 Courtesy of Love Romances  If readers are looking for a collection of funny and sexy stories to heat up their winter nights, then Cupid, Inc. by Michele Bardsley is the book for them.  In The Accountant and the Virgin, Sara is crazy about her boss, Zeth. Unfortunately, he prefers the glamorous beauties that are well skilled in the act of love. Virginal Sara has no hopes to win Zach without a little help. Her solution? She decides to indulge in a sexual office fantasy to lose her virginity. Never did she expect that she'd be sent to the wrong office and find surprised accountant, Nic, who might very well be the answer to all of her dreams.  This first story is the longest in the collection and sure to curl readers' toes. Sara is a sweet, innocent young woman who longs for passion of the highest degree. Nic is a stressed out accountant who needs to relax. When Sara shows up in his office talking about some fantasy she purchased, his curiosity, and ardor are piqued, leading to quite an experience. Throw in a goddess who hopes to prove to her children she still has what it takes to play matchmaker, and the antics resulting from her interference are bound to make one laugh in amusement.  The Stars in Her Eyes introduces readers to Vegas wedding chapel owner, Janie. Her happy world tumbled down around her upon divorce from her cheating lawyer husband. She deserves a little happiness in return for all the joy she has provided through her chapel. What is Janie's greatest fantasy? She desires one evening with sexy movie star Kevan Rune. When she wins a celebrity date through Cupid, Inc., she may just get her chance at a steamy, everlasting love of her own.  Plain Janie is not likely to turn any mans' head. In spite of this, she still holds on to her belief in love and romance, upon which she has built her whole business. Kevan, in spite of, or maybe because of, his notoriety as one of Hollywood's hottest actors values his privacy above all else. The last thing he wants is the publicity resulting from a "Win a Date with Kevan" contest. At the first meeting of these two lovebirds, passion sparks uncontrollably, making each of them sacrifice what means most in order to find the love for which they are destined.  Karee is a star reporter for the popular women's magazine, Love, whose greatest fantasy involves membership in the "mile-high club." When she meets Bret, reporter for the rival men's magazine Max-Out, at the unveiling of a new art exhibit, he suddenly plays a starring role in her fantasies. Never did she expect that a gift certificate from Cupid, Inc. for an airplane sexual fantasy given to her by her boss, would find her cooling her jets, and heating up her dreams with Bret that may have her begging for One Mile Up... and a Little to the Left.  This was a cute story bound to provide a few giggles. The crazy antics that Bret's boss, Max, engages in for various publicity stunts drives Karee's boss Veronica crazy, but sure to delight readers. The undercurrents of feelings between Veronica and Max are evident, almost stealing the show from Karee and Bret once or twice. The details used to describe the airplane at the heart of this fantasy will paint a vivid picture in the mind's eye.  The final story in this collection is The Spy Who Rubbed Me. Waitress Helen Manzana, huge fan of Ian Fleming's James Bond escapades is longing for a little spy adventure of her own. When reformed jewel thief Paul Aris comes flying through the restaurant's doors, needing her help to steal Aphrodite's golden apple, adventure leads to hot passion and maybe even... forever love?  This story was the reviewer's favorite, even though it was the shortest in the anthology. Readers can't miss the nods to the mythical tale of a certain other Helen and her lover Paris. This reviewer would have loved to see a little more meat to this story, as it could have been great fun to see a few more of those extra touches discovered in this offering.  What an original idea for a story. Anyone who loves mythology and tales of gods and goddesses will enjoy Michele Bardsley's vision of Psyche and Eros', and of course Aphrodite's, efforts to pair up fated lovers in modern times. A personal favorite secondary character for this reviewer is Daphne the wood nymph, who is funky and spunky and... the love of Ares' immortal life? The antics of these two are enchanting. It is also evident that one of the author's trademarks is to put so much humor into hot and sexually charged stories. Readers will laugh out loud many times, and they will be searching for ice and fans, or their partner to cool the flames this book will stir up.   Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2006. All rights reserved.     