 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  If readers want a delightfully funny story, full of adventure and romance, then All Shook Up is a must read.  Marly Brentwood is in need of a break. She was engaged to someone she worked with at her father's company, and was all set to get married. Until she found out that he had a deal with her father - she gets a husband and her husband gets a corner office! Thoroughly humiliated at the thought of being "bought and paid for," she breaks it off, quits her job, and takes a solo trip to Las Vegas for an adventure.  Josh Walker also works with Marley, and happens to be the reason she found out about Larry, her now ex, and his deal with her Dad. He feels slightly guilty about what happened, but is relieved at the same time that she got out of that bad situation, even if it meant she walked into a new one by taking off for Vegas, alone.  Marley has a wild time in Vegas, living it up and finally giving her hidden wild side a chance to show. And shine she does, waking up in the morning not remembering much about the previous night, and what's this? She has a nice shiny diamond on her hand? She got married? She is even more shocked to find out just who she got married to... none other then her nemesis Josh! What follows are many hilarious moments, and could it be.... Love?  Marley is a modern woman, who though on the surface seems prim and proper and all business, is really an adventurous woman who has just been stifled and needs a chance to break free again. When she finally gets the chance to let loose, she decides she likes the new Marley and is not quite ready to give that up. Seeing Marley's growth from all business and afraid to have fun, into the woman who is proud of who she is and willing to take some risks, especially in love, was a fun ride and one that may make readers realize they can be more than they are.  There were plenty of interesting plot threads in the book as well. When one finds out the real reason Josh is so worried about Marley, it is intriguing enough to keep one reading on to see how everything resolves itself. When Marley finds this out as well, readers will really get a chance to see the new woman she has become, and will be cheering her on in her new attitude and strength. A couple other twists in the story also will surprise... they sure surprised this reviewer.  Ms. Stenzel is an up and coming author who is one to watch, as evidenced with All Shook Up. This was the first book of hers read by this reviewer, but she will now be going back and pulling Ms. Stenzel's previous two books off the bookshelf to read.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2004. All rights reserved.     