 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  Hunter's Moon by C T Adams and Cathy Clamp is a fascinating look inside the world of shape shifters, and what happens when they fall in love with mere humans.  Tony Giodone is the go-to guy for the Family, the Mafia, whenever they want someone dead. He's a hit man who also just happens to be a werewolf, newly initiated into the shape shifters' world. However, his new lifestyle surprisingly does not interfere all too much with his choice of employment, and actually helps him in some ways. Never did he expect that a routine job would change his way of thinking... permanently.  Sue Quentin is on a mission, one that is unexpected for a person in her position. As if her introduction in to the story isn't enough, she is searching for someone to assassinate her for surprising reasons. Her life has ever been one of misery, any glimmer of happiness dampened by her greedy and domineering family. Winning the lottery should mean her freedom, but it only means a stronger prison for her.  Tony feels something unexpected for Sue when he first meets her, making him wonder why she feels death is the only way out for her. As her story unfolds, he is amazed by it, even more so when he tries to chase her away when he feels the tug of the moon is too strong to fight. He is even more surprised to find she stays with him through it all, not at all surprised by his unconventional new life. Feelings begin to develop between them in spite of the barriers, but when enemies of Tony make Sue their next target, will these new tender emotions be enough to pull them through? Then there is the nagging fact that Sue wants to die...  Wow!!! This is a fabulous story that will captivate readers from the very first sentence. Whoever would have thought that mixing the Mafia, shape shifters, and lottery winners with a death wish would make for such a compelling read? This story is gritty and raw, fast-paced and action-packed, with undercurrents of love of many kinds. It is a refreshing change on the typical werewolf story, building and expounding on a new world of shape shifters, where no one is quite what they seem. The first-person narrative style used here adds dimension as well, getting deep inside the mind of Tony, and how he reacts to the world around him. Some interesting plot twists will shock readers as they progress through the story, making them really wonder how this tale will flow.  This reviewer especially liked the use of the sense of smell to describe what is going on, with emotions having a varied array of scents to refer to them. It works for this story though, for readers know that the sense of smell has much to do with how animals react to their surroundings, and it adds that animalistic quality that is often lacking in shape shifter stories. Too often, authors make their characters in animal form still react in humanistic ways, which takes away from the story, making it hard to believe that these people really are animals for a time.  Sparks fly immediately upon Tony and Sue's meeting, adding an additional barrier to their plans. How can Tony kill his mark when he finds himself in love with her? And how could Sue possibly still want to die when she feels more alive in Tony's presence then she has in her entire life? Those doubts of the characters are given light in the story as well, and come to play throughout the story as they progress towards their entwined fates. The characters are numerous in this book, bringing a wide variety of personalities in to the mix, and providing a wide variety of opportunities for interaction and plot threads to follow.  It is evident too, that the authors have a whole bevy of stories just waiting to be published, that will broaden the shape shifter world even more. This book made a fan of this reviewer, who now will be eagerly awaiting future stories from these talented up and coming authors.   Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2005. All rights reserved.     