 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Drake Morgan is one of the most powerful witches in the United States. Presently the leader of his coven, he holds the future of many witches, and humans, in his grasp.  However, another witch wants the power Drake has and will do anything to get it. The only way to minimize the threat to his rule is for Drake to find his complement... the female witch who is his match in all things, who --- once they have combined forces, will make them near invincible.     Rhea Brown has never known the legacy her grandmother left her, until she unlocks the secrets held by her parents for many years. Now she has come into her destiny, but as yet is a novice to the world of magick. Never did she see coming, the one man who would be her strength... or her undoing. Fate has a way of taking things into its own hands, as Rhea finds out when she meets her soul mate.     Rhea and Drake's relationship begins on another plane of reality and is absolutely incredible. When they meet in person, it is just as incredible. But the evil witch conspiring to take over the coven is after Rhea as he wants her for his own... and the legendary power it will wield for him. Will Drake and Rhea overcome the evil to be together as they are fated to be?   This was a wonderful story of love and passion. Having read other works by this author under another pen name, it was expected that this book would be well written also. It did not disappoint. Ms. Morgan has a talent for weaving worlds that entrance and captivate... her own brand of magick perhaps? One will enjoy the images invoked through reading this book, wanting to believe that the magick is indeed all around, if only knowing where to look.     Drake and Rhea are strong characters, made even stronger by their mutual attraction and love. He is a true alpha male, powerful, uncompromising, and completely wrapped up in the spell Rhea holds over him --- of a different kind of magick entirely. She is a delight as well, at first a little disbelieving of her previously unknown abilities, but who wouldn't be? However, she quickly learns how to use her magick, surprising everyone with her unmatched talent. There are several secondary characters as well that delight, making one hope more stories in the series will follow.     As for the love scenes? Hot, hot, hot, and even hotter! Passion ignites, be it in reality or on the astral plane. The descriptions are vibrant, bringing the reader into the scenes quite completely. Ms. Morgan does a wonderful job making her fantasy world believable and dramatic. Bring out the cold water and fans ladies; this one is a real scorcher!      Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2004. All rights reserved.        