 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ashara Konrad has been around a long time. She was immortal, a vampire, converted two centuries previous, by her evil twin sister, Zariaz. Presently, Ash is a photographer, well known for her photos of popular musicians. Her latest job is with the up and coming band, Darkside. Little does she know fate's plans for her brought on by this job.  Liam Archer is the lead singer for Darkside. He is extremely talented, with looks most men would envy. He and Ash hit it off immediately, finding they are mutually attracted. A relationship takes off immediately, leading up to Ash traveling with the band on their tour of the US. The only thing in their way is her secret... for how can she tell him she is immortal, requiring blood to survive, and dying every morning as the sun comes up?  Just when things seem to be going so well, trouble appears. It turns out Zariaz, whom was thought to be destroyed a very long time ago by the Dark Council, is in fact very much alive and tracking Ash. She wants revenge, but she also needs Ash's help to complete the curse that will make Zar the strongest vampire in existence. Zar must drink from 1000 musicians to gain the abilities to write the song which will ensure her power forever. And it looks like Liam and Darkside have been marked for death. Can Liam and Ash's love overpower the evil insanity of Zar? Will she be defeated before her plans are fulfilled?  Ms. Wilson has quite an intriguing story here. One will find everything from voodoo curses and "zombies" to love and adventure... and don't forget the vampire cat! Who else would have thought of working music into a vampire legend? The story flows effortlessly, with a surprising plot twist at the end, and the reader will not be able to put it down. This reviewer had to force herself not to read it while supposedly working, so engrossed was she. The romance between Ash and Liam is fantastic, made more complex by the secrets she must keep, and the very real threat Zar poses. The vampire rules present in this story are slightly different from the traditional, made original by the author's imagination.  Ashara and Liam are very real people, with strengths and weaknesses like everyone. They are portrayed so vividly that one will be able to imagine meeting them on a dark street some night, or in a loud night club. Zar is wickedly malevolent, feared by her enemies, and her sister, while respected and possibly even loved by her henchmen. There are plenty of secondary characters as well, also beautifully depicted, right down to Lovecraft, Ash's Siamese cat.  If one wants to read a refreshingly original vampire romance, this is the book to read. There is plenty to keep one interested and dying for the resolution. Also of note, the story ends in such a way to keep this reviewer gasping in surprise, eager to read the next chapter in the story, which hopefully Ms. Wilson will provide. Be sure to run to the computer and order a copy today, it will not disappoint.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2004. All rights reserved.     