 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Small Magick  Drey is a young mage, sent away by her family in the hopes she would learn how to harness her magickal powers to do wondrous deeds. She becomes frustrated when everything powerful seems beyond her reach. She begins to feel she will never master anything but Small Magick.  Frustration brings her to a natural magick circle and she decides to put it to use. In doing so, she accidentally binds the Wind Spirit into human form, not quite sure how she did it. Cyrus, as the spirit calls himself, sets himself to the task of getting to know Drey quite intimately, and then is ready to return to natural form. Unfortunately, since she has no idea how she trapped him, she doesn't know how to release him!  Only the mage who cast the spell can undo it, so they set about trying to find away to free him, all the while finding they cannot resist the lure each other offers. The harder she tries to free him, the more frustrated she becomes. When an unknown stranger comes to town, also a powerful mage, Drey offers to apprentice to him, in the hopes he can teach her how to master her powers and free Cyrus. Drey learns much about herself and her powers from this mystery mage, but he has a plan all of his own. What does he want with her? Will she ever learn the secret to unlocking the great powers she possesses and to freeing Cyrus? Even if she does find the secret, will she ever truly be able to let him out of her life?  This is the second story in Ms. Midnight's Elementals series and it is a delight! What a unique world she creates in her stories. Small Magick is hot enough to keep the reader yearning for more. Cyrus and Drey are individuals, each with great powers of their own. Drey is a free spirited young lady, who desires above all else, the ability to harness great power with her magick. Cyrus longs for his freedom, but finds he quite enjoys the pleasures of the flesh as well. Drey comes into her own in this story, finding that the truly powerful ones get their strength in the unlikeliest of places and ways.  There is enough intrigue as well, in the mysterious mage, Kelsh, whose agenda is as unknown as his origins. And the details of the passionate love scenes are so inventive and imaginative! The readers will want their significant others at beck and call after reading this book, in hopes of cooling the flames brought on by the details. Definitely worth the time to read; and highly recommended for anyone who likes a little adventure with their passion.  Fire and Ice  Trina was a slave to a powerful sorceress, Kalidah. What she doesn't know is that she herself has a bit of magick in her soul, not that she had ever been given leave to develop it. Then one day as she is gazing into the fire, she unwittingly casts a powerful spell, introducing her to a whole new world, that of the fire spirits.  She can never let her mistress know, and one day her fate is decided for her. Kalidah is set to sacrifice her young slave to a powerful demon, in order to harness its powers for own selfish desires. When her plan backfires, Trina is given her freedom, and finds a new passion for life, in the form of the mysterious Brand, who appears out of nowhere to assist her in beginning her new life. and awakening burning desires Trina never knew existed.  Trina is on her quest to find her family, and her history, with the help of some friends she meets along the way. All the while on her quest for her family, she is also on a different quest... to explore these passions and erotic fantasies she has suddenly been enlightened to discover.  Fire and Ice is quite an interesting read. Who could have ever dreamed up a world of flame spirits, dancing in the hearths of the ordinary people? Ms. Midnight takes something that seems so ordinary, simple fire, and delves into a whole new world. The passion between Trina and Flame burns brightly, never wavering, even in the light of dangers stalking Trina as she continues her journey of discovery. If one is looking for an erotic foray into another world or alternate reality, this is the book to read. One will never see fire in the same light again after finishing this one.  Elementals 1 is a foray into a world of fantasy and erotic pleasure that is sure to captivate readers.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2006. All right reserved.     