 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Two very young sisters were taken away from their home. One received a secret clue, from their mother, to remember her birthright and her clan.  Molly Gordon was the infamous Maid of Dunsithe, rumored to have the largest fortune in all of Scotland. Unfortunately, no one has seen it since Molly was taken from her home in the dead of night. That doesn't stop people from looking for it, or to continue passing her around from foster family to foster family, like chattel. She longs for a place to call home, and she is fed up with people only wanting her for her supposed treasure. Then one night she meets a man called Wild Fin, and everything changes.  Sir Finlay MacKenzie has been granted Molly as his ward, given to him by the King of Scotland himself. Fin goes to collect her from her present residence, the keep of Laird MacKinnon, only to find an attempt to thwart him from his business with claims Molly is not there. As Fin and his men are leaving, he is thrown from his horse, at the same time he spies a young women hiding in the forest.  Molly takes an instant dislike to Fin, from the moment he mistakes her for a common maid to be trifled with, and she is infuriated to discover he is her new guardian. She chafes at his commands and shows rebellion at every turn. Then he has the nerve to try to force her to marry him, upon finding out Molly's previous guardian, Donald of Sleat, has not taken the news of her transfer of guardianship kindly. She does finally agree to marry Fin, grudgingly, hoping she has finally found a home.  However, adventure and danger await, finding Fin travelling all over the Highlands to fight Donald. Donald wants the fortune of Dunsithe, but doesn't stop there. He wants the throne as well. Will Fin and Molly defeat Donald and find the magical treasure... and love they are destined for?  This was a captivating read. The characters were vividly drawn and full of personality. Add in a few of the Fair Folk and it becomes a magical adventure. There is plenty of mystery as well, with the cast trying to solve the puzzle of the hidden riches. One will be drawn in to the story from page one and will stay absorbed through to the end.   Also of note, is how well Ms. Scott sets up the story of Bess, Molly's missing sister, believed dead. Her story will be told in the sequel The Secret Clan: The Hidden Heiress, to be released in 2002. The Abducted Heiress doesn't really end, but gives the reader a "to be continued" feel, without leaving the feeling Fin and Molly's story is incomplete. This reviewer will be awaiting the sequel, and a chance to revisit some very enchanting characters.      