 Courtesy of Love Romances 1893 Julia Hargrove accompanies her aunt, cousins, and some friends on an exciting excursion to Dunraven Castle in the Highlands of Scotland. The bedchamber Julia is using has not been used in twenty years. The reason for this is not entirely known but rumors abound of paranormal happenings in that room! Just what kind exactly Julia is about to find out... 1437 Rae MacKinnon, the third laird of Dunraven castle, returns from a long imprisonment in England to rule his keep and his clan. The very last thing he expects is to repeatedly meet a woman in his bedchamber from over 400 years in the future! Julia and Rae are frequently thrown together through the amazing and rare phenomenon of an opening in the veil of time. This allows them a few stolen moments of happiness as their love grows. Will they conquer time and political intrigue to find peace and happiness together? The reader will be eager to find out. Ms. Kirkwood has woven a delightful tale of love and passion through time. She uses a very believable theory to explain the ability of her characters to travel through time. The reader can't help but fall in love with Rae and Julia. Both are very complex characters who have always had strength. They find even stronger passion and ability from their love for each other. Both are intense and multidimensional characters who step right off the pages of the book and into the reader's heart. The entire cast is enchanting, with its intriguing secondary characters and exciting villains. Ms. Kirkood's reasoning through which she spins a magical tale fascinated this reviewer, being of a scientific mind, balanced by a dose of romance. The reader can almost believe her premise of how and why a "Slip in Time" could very well happen. This is a well developed tale which keeps the reader enthralled from page one. Ms. Kirkwood throws in several twists to the story which should keep the reader guessing what is to come. However, the twists aren't quite shocking enough, for this reviewer, to keep certain parts of the story from being unsurprising. In spite of the predictability of some aspects of the plot, this is an intelligently written, entirely delightful story. This reviewer is eager to read more of Ms. Kirkwood's work.      