 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If a reader desires a good suspenseful read, with much adventure, and a little romance, this book is sure to deliver.  Cathy Bennett works for the local newspaper and attends a party to fill in for the society columnist. As much as she dreads these kinds of events, she goes somewhat grudgingly, to help the boss. After a disastrous evening full of social faux pas, she escapes outdoors for a break. The last thing she expected was to get caught up in a murder investigation!  Bobby Stark comes to Cathy for aid. His brother, Danny was arrested for arson and murder but he knows Danny is innocent. Bobby has found evidence and begs Cathy to assist him. But before he can reveal the hiding place of the proof of Danny's innocence, he is killed, right before her eyes, after only revealing one small piece of revelation for the whereabouts of his evidence. Now Cathy is caught up in a double mystery, both of which she suspects the missing proof will solve.  Cathy turns to Peter Lowell, Danny's attorney, for assistance, especially when it appears the murderer now suspects Cathy of having the answers he seeks, and her life is at risk. Will they solve the mysteries and find the hidden evidence before it is too late?  Wow! Ms. McCullough has penned a wonderful suspense with this book. There are several interesting plot threads to keep one guessing throughout. What is most interesting about this novel is that the real mystery is not who the killer is, but where the evidence is hidden. This becomes apparent when the reader figures out rather quickly, who the real villain is. However, the search for this information Bobby found winds through the entire story, making the reader want to solve the mystery. When the hiding place is revealed, the readers will be surprised, wondering why they didn't see it before.  Primarily a mystery/suspense novel, there is however, enough romance to keep fans of that genre interested in reading on. A bond forms between Cathy and Peter that grows through all the danger they face until it bonds them tightly. Another interesting relationship, though not a romantic one, also develops between Cathy and Danny, who is a young boy on the verge of manhood, needing the guidance of a strong adult.  This is a well-written story, full of detail and action that will keep one entranced from beginning to end, and wishing the story could go on forever. Ms. McCullough proves again that she is a rising star in the writing world, and this reviewer eagerly awaits her next work.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2004. All rights reserved.     