 Courtesy of The Best Reviews It all started with a dream.... Catheryn, Lady of Brezden, had been worn down over the past few years of her life, her spirit tattered and her will near broken. Her parents were dead, murdered by Catheryn's guardian. She has been abused and forced to live in fear by Raymond de Brye. Her only hope was in a sachet given to her by the healer of the keep. Catheryn dreamed a dream that night, one of darkness and thunder and death. In this dream he came to her, atop a huge warhorse black as night. Was he her salvation... or her destruction? Gerard, Count of Reveur, attacked Brezden with one intent - to kill the traitors to the king who brutally murdered Gerard's wife and newborn son. He finds Catheryn in her bed, battered and bruised by de Brye's most recent act of cruelty against her. But she was not too battered to stand up to Gerard and fight for her people and her home. He swears to protect her from further harm, though he does not trust this ward of his most bitter enemy. Catheryn and Gerard are at odds from the beginning.  She has secrets she must keep to protest her men, and he wants nothing to do with a woman he believes could be in league with the devil in the flesh. Catheryn and Gerard are coerced into a marriage neither one wishes for, but their daily interactions cause feelings to grow and passions to flame... Catheryn finds herself falling in love with her Dream Knight, even though she fears him to be her downfall. Gerard is intrigued by his young unwanted bride, finding he longs to be her hero, and burning to reveal her secrets and heal her wounds, both the physical and emotional kind. This was a page turning story. From the opening scene of Catheryn's dream, to the closing scene of the story, the reader is captivated. There is even a touch of the mystical, with dreams foretelling the future. There were however, a few unbelievable scenes, where suspension of reality is necessary to the acceptance of what happens. Also, a few of the supporting characters were not as fully developed as they could have been. Catheryn and Gerard, and even de Brye, are fascinating characters, full of life. It was nice to see a hero who is not infallible, and often wrong. Many times he makes near impossible vows to others that he can't keep, making him feel horribly guilty he couldn't fulfill them. His goal in life is revenge, but fairer things intrude, stalling his plans. Gerard is far from perfect; in fact, he comes across as downright cruel in a few scenes with Catheryn, not understanding her actions. Ms. Lynn also handles a delicate subject with finesse, making it very realistic and subject to high emotion. Catheryn's behavior as a result of the abuse she receives is very natural, as are Gerard's reactions to it. All in all, this book was a pleasurable read, though intense and deep at times. It will make one long to be swept away to a fantasy world, where dreams can tell the future and wishes come true.      