 Courtesy of Love Romances They met once upon a dream.... And found each other in reality.... Alistair Kirallen was banished from his clan a year previous. He was angry and bitter, feeling he devoted his entire life to helping the Kirallen clan, only to be cast aside when the prodigal son, Jemmy, returned. Alistair has but one purpose, to avenge the death of his brother, Ian, who had been ambushed and murdered in cold blood, by the dreaded enemy, the Darnleys. After roaming aimlessly for a while, only to strike out in his quest, he finds himself back on Kirallen land, living with an old priest, Fergus, in a cave on the outskirts. Fergus sends him off for a cleansing ritual, and hopefully a vision of guidance. Neither ever expected that guidance to come in the form of a beautiful wood sprite, named Deirdre, who comes to Alistair in a dream. Deirdre is a young woman, very real indeed, who is trapped in a not only loveless, but also brutal marriage as well. All she cares about is protecting her young daughter, Maeve, from the wrath of her father, Brodie Maxwell. She hopes to someday escape the prison she finds herself in, taking her daughter with her, and returning to her beloved home in Ireland, Donegal. She had all but given up hope when a vision of a man appears to her at her favorite haven of peace. She knows it is but a dream though, having dreamed of him before, but never finding this man who stirred her heart and soul. So imagine her stunned reaction upon meeting her dream man in the flesh, as the newest of her husband's swordsmen. Alistair and Deirdre are stunned to find they dream partner in the flesh, but they can do nothing about their passion for each other as she is married and Alistair believes he is a walking dead man. How else could he have escaped the slaughter that stole Ian from him, as well as all of Ian's men? When Brodie ends up missing and presumed dead from a skirmish, Deirdre decides now is her time to escape, especially since Brodie's father is determined to marry her to his other son, Kinnon. Alistair leaves about the same time and he and Deirdre end up making the journey together. Now nothing stands in the way of their being together, except his morbid belief that Death is stalking him. When escape appears impossible, they end up in the home of the Kirallens, the laird near death, and Alistair must finally come to terms with his obsession. He has been haunted by a recurring nightmare, reliving the day Ian was killed, and he is convinced there is meaning to this dream, though he can't find it. But when he comes back into the fold of the Kirallens, many believe him a traitor still and danger is around every corner for himself, Deirdre, and Jemmy. Will Alistair resolve his plight before he loses Deirdre forever? And will he uncover the meaning of his dream before the danger stalking them all, calls them all to death alongside Ian? Ms. English had a tough job on her hands here, making this reviewer come around on the opinion held of Alistair. He was not at all liked in The Border Bride, coming across as "far too bitter, and a bit too power hungry" as quoted from the review written. But she does a wonderful job of redeeming him, and making it understood just why he felt the way he did.  Admittedly, it takes most of the book to succeed in this, but that is the idea of a character-driven novel, for the characters to grow and change through their relationships with others. Once again the book is richly detailed and a very colorful rendering of Scotland is presented. There is even a tough of the paranormal in this story, as seen through Alistair's foreboding dreams. A very impressive sophomore effort by Ms. English, and her talent is no less evident here, in fact it is more noticeable and growth seen. One can't help but fall in love with her characters and the accounts of their adventures. The reader will be left wanting, not because this story was disappointing, it isn't in the slightest, but wanting to read more about the Kirallen clan and their friends. Rich details, captivating people, plenty of adventure and expectations for more, have become trademarks of Ms. English's novels. This reviewer would love to see more and watch her talent for creating beautiful stories grow and change, to an even more captivating story. Kudos to Ms. English for penning a delight and making even this reader fall in love with Alistair.      