 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Burning Bright is a heart-warming collection of seasonal stories encompassing the holidays of different religions. With the common denominator being the town they all take place in and a tiny little candle shop that is unusual and mysterious, it will touch all who read it.  In Star Light, Star Bright by Anne Stuart, readers meet Angela "Angel" McKenna, a new divorcee who is hoping to rebuild her life. Will a new love with an old flame be the answer to her Christmas wish? Brody Jackson has returned to Crescent Cove, Vermont to lick his wounds caused by the scandal surrounding the company he owned with his brothers. All he wants is to hide from the world, but when Angel shows up on his doorstep, he decides maybe it is time to come out of his shell for a new start.  What is a more perfect time for a renewal of life's dreams than at Christmas? Angel is slowly recovering from the crushing blow given her when her husband divorced her. After suffering through one year where she had no desire to celebrate the holiday, she decides this year is the time to start. Angel almost puts Santa Claus to shame with the amount of good cheer she spreads. Her newfound good will is a delight to encounter for the reader. Brody starts out as something of a Scrooge, with reason, but in the face of Angel's spirit, and a rekindling of that old ember of desire long ago sparked and banked, his turn around is easy to understand.  In Return of the Light by Maggie Shayne, Dori Stewart was a very important person in her Manhattan life. When everything crashes down around her, including her fantastic job and her key role in her local Coven, she comes home to Vermont to find out what went wrong. She has lost her faith in everything, including the Goddess, but maybe with the help of Jason Farrar, the local police chief and an old time fling of hers, she'll make a new start on the winter solstice.  Dori started out as a woman who has it all, and one who has forgotten just who it was that blessed her with that gifted life. When she loses everything she held dear, her faith dies with it. Or does it? She forgets for a while how important her beliefs are, but when her eyes are reopened, the outpouring of relief and hope she feels changes her in a good way. Jason has a hard time understanding her beliefs at first, but later comes to understand just how important they are to her. Another thing enjoyable about this story is how the author takes the scorn that others have for Dori's religion and turns it around, lighting up the whole town with the spirit of fellowship and understanding.  In the third and final story in the collection, One for Each Night by Judith Arnold, Alana Ross, a local news reporter, is holding her first Hanukkah open house in memory of her grandmother. However, things get hairy when Jeffrey Barrett arrives in town. His uncle was implicated in an embezzlement scandal involving school board funds and Alana is not afraid to report the facts or local suspicions. As his uncle's attorney, Jeffrey tries to get to the bottom of things, but finds he'd rather get up close and personal with Alana. Will her holiday celebration involve a new love?  What seasonal collection at this time of year would be complete without a Hanukkah story? Alana's faith is strong, as are the memories she holds of her beloved grandmother. Her entire celebration is as much about her holiday as it is keeping her grandmother alive in her heart. It was fun to read about the different delicacies that go along with the holiday tradition. Jeffrey has his doubts about Alana, feeling she is pushing too hard to ruin his uncle's reputation, but as he learns more about her and her history, he slowly comes to understand why she feels the way she does about her news reporting. The steady development of their mutual respect and love is believable and pleasing to experience with them.  This inspiring holiday collection will open readers' hearts, no matter what holiday they observe. The mystical touch of the ever changing candle shop and owner, helping each woman fulfill her dreams with the right candle, gives just enough of that feel of a miracle happening, to remind everyone what this time of year is really about... rebirth and renewal, and faith and love.   Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2004. All rights reserved.     