 Courtesy of Love Romances Overload by Linda Howard (originally published in 1993) Elizabeth Major has her own interior design business in a sleek office building in downtown Dallas. Across the hall Tom Quinlan runs a Private Investigation office. Tom and Elizabeth had a passionate relationship not too long ago until Elizabeth suddenly cut it off for no apparent reason. One hot day in midsummer, they get stranded, alone together, from a severe blackout, trapping them within the building. They cannot resist the fire between them, so they indulge it. But can their passion for each other overcome the secrets keeping them apart? Or is there a chance beyond this one night together, in the summer heat? Ms. Howard weaves yet another intense tale for which she is famous. This story is full of passion and sensuality. As always, her characters are skillfully rendered. The sparks between them fly off the page. The Leopard's Woman by Linda Lael Miller (originally published in 1992) Olivia Stillwell is in Mexico, researching details for her famous author uncle's next book. She is kidnapped and sold to Esteban Ramirez, and is confined to his ranch. Olivia is terrified of what she will be forced to do as his slave. However, from the moment she looks into his eyes, that fear slowly fades into an entirely different kind. She finds herself instead fearing losing her self, body and soul, in his embrace. Ms. Miller has written many a passionate tale, and this is just one more. She manages to pack a lot of punch, and plot, into this short novella. The characters are intriguing, though they could stand to have a little more dimension to them. In spite of that, this was another pleasing read by her. Lonesome Rider by Heather Graham Pozzessere (originally published in 1993) Blade McKenna has but one desire...to avenge the horrible murders of his wife and their unborn child, and his father. Jessica Dylan is on a quest of her own. She only wishes to head west to claim the land of her late husband's ranch. From the moment these two meet on their entwined paths, they are drawn to each other. When Jessica gambles herself as the prize, and loses to Blade, they find it impossible to resist each other. Ms. Pozzessere is an extremely talented author, a fact which is evident in this, one of her earlier works. The glimmer of her future stardom is found on every page. Her characters are beautifully created, and she delivers well on an often used plotline, making it her own. This book is a hot one, to be enjoyed in the peak of the summer heat. Or perhaps, it should be saved for warming up a cold winter's night. This is one to be enjoyed several times over.      