 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  Ever felt left behind in the world of go-get-him ladies on the hunt for Mr. Perfect? Well, this is a fun story for anyone who has ever felt that way before.  Dylan Stone is the only one of her circle of friends not out to find true love, based on the size of the diamond she can receive. Sure, she wants romance with a wonderful man and happy-ever after and all that, but she's in no hurry, as she wants to be sure he's The One before she gets the rock on her finger.  However, after numerous weddings in one year, she begins to wonder if she'll ever find the special someone to give herself to, figuratively and literally. At one of the many weddings she has attended, she is rescued from the overly drunk and amorous father of the groom, by one of the finest specimens of man she has ever seen.  Brad Davis is the ultimate perfection for Dylan. She'll never find another like him, should she search high and low. Things start out fairly well with them, but he is so busy getting his business off the ground and living his full life that there seems to be no way he can fit into hers. Or is there?   Ms. Laine shows talent in this, her debut novel for Harlequin. She's got wit, charm, strong characters, and real life all piled up into one story that will provide laugh out loud moments for readers. This book is written in the style of the ever more popular Chick Lit. Dylan is typical of many young businesswomen in the world today, so busy chasing after her professional success that her personal life sometimes takes a back seat. Her life to date had been anything but conventional, but that adds to her uniqueness, which makes her appealing to the reader.  One thing that is interesting about this story is that though it is a romance, the majority of the story seems to focus more on Dylan and her friends and family then it does on her relationship with Brad. However, it makes for a more well rounded plot when all the interaction is brought into play. In fact, her non-romantic relationships are more appealing to this reviewer then her relationship with Brad. Where her family and friend relationships are zany and lively, her relationship with Brad is almost stale in comparison. There doesn't seem to be a whole lot between them, other then sexual attraction, for a good part of the book.  One thing guaranteed to please though is that this story is full of wit and sarcasm, and humor of many kinds, though it has its serious moments as well. So, if one is looking for a cute story with lively characters to go with the romance, When Size Matters fits the bill. Ms. Laine has talent and plenty of skill, which will likely be developed in later books, allowing her to grow as an author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2004. All rights reserved.     