 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  If a reader is looking for a passion filled romance with a lot of suspense and a dash of the paranormal, in a unique western setting, this story will meet that need.  Lauren Townsend has the sight. She would often get visions of horrible crimes about to happen, and her latest shows a murder waiting to happen. So off she goes to Western Canada, and a guest ranch, where she suspects the crime is going to occur. She never expects that this trip will change her life irrevocably.  Cal Taggart runs a guest ranch in western Canada and is struggling to make ends meet. This is further hampered by the fact his closest neighbor wants to buy up his land, as he has all the other ranches in the area, so he can sell it for higher profit. Cal had spent his entire life trying to live up to his father's expectations of him, and the pending failure of his ranch is just one more thing of which his father can disapprove.  When Lauren and Cal meet, sparks begin to fly immediately. However, her doubts color her perception of him when she discovers the women she must save is his ex-wife, Marlena. Cal has been disillusioned by love and the last thing he wants is a new relationship. When accidents start happening around the ranch and danger beckons, Cal and Lauren must work together to keep his ranch safe... and his ex-wife as well. But how can Lauren explain why she is so worried about Marlena without him turning from her, unable to accept her gift? Can they overcome their doubts about themselves and each other to be happy together?  Lauren and Cal are both imperfect people who are striving always to be the best that they can. Lauren only hopes to put her special talent of seeing events yet to happen to good use, helping those in her visions, never wanting anything for herself. Cal, a retired rodeo rider, only wants to be happy, and to prove to his demanding father that he is successful and not a failure. They need each other, as they are the perfect match. She can help him realize the only person he needs to please is himself. He can help her realize that it is acceptable to want to be happy doing things for herself. The rest of the colorful cast of characters add depth to the story, all being so well developed that they are not just two-dimensional plot fillers, but important in their own right to the story unfolding about Cal and Lauren.  The plot is wonderfully done, and the mystery of "whodunit" is so well done that readers will be trying to solve the mystery right up to the heart-pounding climax. There are good nail-biting action scenes and tender moments of love and character growth. The suspense is well done, as is the sexual tension between Cal and Lauren. Readers will feel the emotions of the characters, from love to fear to anger to sadness. All of these factors combine to bring about a story that will keep one engrossed from the first page through the last.  Ms. Wilson, Dorchester's 2003 "New Voice in Romance Winner" is most definitely an author to watch. This, her first mass-market release demonstrates her skill for telling a good story, with plenty of suspense and scorching romance. This reviewer is a fan and will be eagerly awaiting more books by this rising star.   Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2004. All rights reserved.     