 Courtesy of Love Romances Sex... pure unadulterated sex... that was what women thought of when they saw Brian Byrne, and that is what he was famous for. He was from the future, where sex is the hottest spectator sport, and he was the MVP. He was at the peak of his career and no one could match him. So why was he starting to feel worn out, used up, burned out? Brian decides to take a long vacation to a simpler time, traveling back to present day Ireland, where he plans to rebuild his ancient family keep. Ally O'Neil is a recently divorced woman and a best selling author of a series of books on how to be the perfect wife. She is in Ireland on a research trip to help her Aunt Katy write a book on the paranormal legends and beings of the country. They travel to an old castle rumored to be haunted, where they run into Brian. Ally is attracted to him, but refuses to have anything more to do with him then absolutely necessary, especially since she is feeling like a fraud. She is  famous for her tips to women on how to treat their husbands, so why couldn't she keep her own husband interested? Her hands off approach gets to Brian, making him long to break the "no sex in the off season" clause in his contract. Ally decides to use Brian as an advisor on her next book, about life as a single woman looking for love (and sex). Brian agrees to help her, all the more intrigued by the challenge of a woman who wants nothing to do with him physically. The more time they spend together, the more Ally desires to get closer. So she decides to seduce him... all in the name of research, of course. Brian however, is not the only time traveler. Numerous others followed him back, as they all have a vested interest in his livelihood. There are also several seemingly suspicious accidents, interfering with Ally's plans. Brian and Ally have their work cut out for them if they ever plan to be together. Ms. Bangs has created a delightful romp in this story. It is truly a unique and racy premise. Brian and Ally have enough sparks to ignite a forest fire, from the first moment they meet, when she runs screaming from him, having mistaken him for a legendary "vampire." Ally's aunt is a riot, adding lots of laughs with her views on life. All of Brian's acquaintances from the future add a note of hilarity as well, with all of their conflicting agendas and their reactions to the times. This book has it all, everything a reader could possibly hope for in a romance novel. Lots of conflict, humor, a little mystery, and of course some wild sex abound. There is even a good bit of the paranormal present, what with Katy's search for ghosts, time-travelers aplenty, aliens, and shape shifters. This will appeal to just about everyone. Fans of the likes of Sandra Hill will love this book, for its brand of humor. Ms. Bangs is on a roll, bound to become a star of the genre. This reviewer will deftly be on the look out for more books by this aspiring author.      