 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  In a break from her usual type of story, Monette Michaels pens a witty romantic mystery with a twist that will satisfy readers.  Abigail Merriweather Gooden is from a long line of powerful witches, as well as being a darn good lawyer in Austin, TX. Though she doesn't advertise her magickal abilities, all of the supernatural beings in the city know her skill, and bring their cases to her. Her latest case, defending men's club owner Jurnik Golub, a vampire, will bring some changes in to her life.  Lucan "Luc" Knight is the PI on the case. Jurnik is under fire for the murder of one of his former exotic dancers, who was also an ex-girlfriend of his, but he's innocent. Luc needs to find the real killer and exonerate Jurnik, and he uses his own special abilities to help. For he just happens to be a shape shifter with some pretty impressive other powers he keeps secret.  Luc and Abbie become partners as they race against time to solve the mystery and protect their client. But danger mounts, as does their mutual attraction, the closer they get to solving the mystery, putting their lives at risk. Meanwhile they begin to wonder about becoming partners in more ways then one.  This is a refreshing unique story that will appeal to readers of romance, mystery, or paranormal. All three are blended into a plot that zigs and zags to a rather surprising ending. Though the paranormal element is necessary to the plot, it is not the central theme, but takes more of a back seat to the murder mystery. This reviewer enjoyed the mystery, which did have plenty of magick surrounding it, but wouldn't have minded seeing even more focus on the paranormal aspects of the story, especially Jurnik's vampirism. It is touched on and part of the reason for the mystery, but it could have been expanded on a little more.  There are many characters that add to the story, be they mere-mortals or supernatural beings. Abbie and Luc are the central characters who get in to all kinds of scrapes as the rush to find the real murderer. However, one will love Abbie's vivacious mother Ilana, who is pretty powerful in her own right... and just happens to be dating Abbie's newest client. Then there is Abbie's Uncle Vidal who has quite a female following, and is known for performing sances now and again, which will be crucial to solving this case. Of course, there have to be the "bad" guys as well since this is a murder mystery and there are some found. There is the slimy opposing council Jeffrey Walden III, who has been trying to attract some attraction from Abbie for quite some time. There are some other great villains as well, but this reviewer doesn't want to give anything away by mentioning names.  Readers will enjoy this different kind of story and upon finishing it, will be impatiently waiting for the next book in the proposed series by this talented author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2005. All rights reserved.     