 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This story is a reverse Cinderella story, with the Prince being the one to find all he ever desired.  Briny Tucker was a simple country gentleman, little to call his own, but always willing to share with those who had less. His one throwback to frivolity was to buy a lottery ticket every week. He always swore if he should ever be lucky enough to win the lottery, he'd take his winnings and use them to make the world a better place for others. He never expected that he would one day actually get just that chance.  Dorian Burrell is the sole heiress to one of the largest oil corporations in Texas. She has always had everything she ever desired, with plenty of money to always get what she wanted. When her Grandmother cuts her off for three months to teach Dorian a lesson, she has to rely on her wits and the minimal talents she has to get buy.  When her financial planner offers her a way out, as a tutor to Briny, who wishes to refine his image and personality, so as to do the most with his newfound wealth, she scorns him, but realizes that is her only option at present. So Dorian grudgingly takes him under her wing, training him in the ways of the rich and famous. However, there was one thing she never counted on, that she would fall in love with the ruggedly handsome cowboy, finding she was longing for something she could never have.  This is a sweet romance, with a nice change on the traditional Cinderella story. Briny is a good-hearted man, who only wants to help others and make society the best he can. Dorian is a spoiled little rich girl, though under that faade, she is very insecure, feeling she is undeserving of anyone's love and respect. Briny sees what she hides from everyone else, and makes it one of his goals to prove she is deserving of his love.  Briny is the type of man every woman dreams of finding. He is kind, generous, and loyal to those he calls friends, and only wants to make the world a better place. Dorian scoffs at him at first, until she realizes he is the real deal, a truly good person, and she starts to believe in herself because of him.  This story goes from the glitzy world of high society Dallas, to the small town of Slapdown where everyone is genuine and sincere, with a community bond that none can break. Through Briny's good heart, Dorian begins to realize she can do more with her previously sheltered world. If one is looking for a good story with the requisite, Happily-ever-after, this is the story to read. One will find fairy tales can come true if one believes in them.   Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2003. All rights reserved.     