 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Maggie O'Roarke is at the end of her rope. She has no job, no money, and her food has just run out. As she ventures out one night to find something to eat, she is brutally attacked and nearly killed by one of the dreaded Vampire. When Danior, another powerful vampire, finds her being another's dinner, he rescues her. The only way to keep her from dying however is to turn her, which is forbidden by the Council.  Now the Council wants them both dead, as punishment for Danior's breaking their laws. He couldn't let her go though; his desire for Maggie is too strong. He works to find a way to save their lives, but she can't understand him. A horrible experience in her one and only previous relationship has her convinced no one could ever be attracted to her and want her. So Danior has a double mission... he must keep them alive so he can spend eternity convincing her of his love and passion for her.  Celeste Anwar shows once again her talent for weaving hot sexy stories with substance. Maggie is at a loss for what to do when her life falls apart around her. She's lost all hope so when this sexy vampire rescues her from death, and makes her his companion, she's stunned. As a self-conscious full figured woman, she can't imagine what Danior sees in her. Her one and only sexual experience with men turned out to be the biggest mistake of her life when she was used and humiliated beyond words by a cruel prank. That just confirmed for her that she is an undesirable woman so Danior has his work cut out for him in trying to convince her she is an incredible and beautiful woman.  The plot is well thought out as well, with action aplenty. Danior's converting Maggie is against all the rules of the Council, with punishment being death. They are on the run and must escape the clutches of the Council, if there is any hope for their newfound love to survive. How this is woven into the story of Maggie coming to terms with her new life is interesting and has its share of "on the edge of the seat" moments. Add in Ms. Anwar's trademark for penning extremely sensual stories and readers will snap this story up.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2005. All rights reserved.     