 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If looking for a Scottish themed historical romance with a heartwarming story and a plot sure to captivate, Charming the Shrew is the one to read.  Tayg Munro's elder brother is dead... the one who was to become the next Chief of their clan. Tayg has proven his merit in the Army of King Robert the Bruce, yet he never aspired to be more than a soldier free of responsibility, a charming one available to woo all the young lasses he desired. But that is not meant to be. Now he must assume what should have been his brother's duties to protect his clan and support his King. He must now settle down and find a wife to be by his side for his new future... But not before getting in one more adventure. He undertakes one more mission for his King, buying himself some time before he has to settle down and marry.  Catriona MacLeod has ever been the shrew, to protect herself from the indignities forced upon her by her brothers, and their cruel treatment of her. When she discovers she is being forced to wed Duff "Dogface" MacDonell, a man she has always despised, to cement the alliance between their clans, she has had enough. She flees, hoping to make it to her aunt's village, where she can live in peace and out of the reach of her brother's greedy reach. Unfortunately, her sense of direction is far from astute and she finds herself lost just as the typical highland winter storms begin. Stumbling upon a lowly bard, they travel together to find safety from the elements.  This second book by relative newcomer Ms. Wittig again showcases her talent for portraying characters clamoring to be heard. Tayg and Cat are personalities full of such life and vigor that one can't help but love them both. Cat is vulnerable but fiery, hiding years of pain between her harsh tongue and prickly faade. When she finally learns to let someone in, to get to know the real Catriona, readers too will love her. Tayg has ever been the warrior "playboy." All he wants is for someone to like him for himself, not the heartbreaker he acted for years, or his prowess as a soldier for the King. His acting the bard for once gives him a chance to truly be himself, and fine those he will appreciate him for it. When he and Cat come together, it is guaranteed that their love will be as vibrant and passionate as they are.  Adventure abounds in this story as well. When Tayg finds out Cat's brother, Broc, and her betrothed's plot to conquer the king, his plans change and he and Cat must race against the Highlands to warn him in time, all the while having to elude Broc and Duff to keep Cat safe. Readers also get a good sense of landscape in this book, with brilliant descriptions of scenery and even the wintry weather. They'll feel as though they are in the story with Tayg and Cat, suffering through the biting winds and deep snows. This is most certainly one book which will wrap fans of Ms. Wittig, be they old or new, in its clutches, holding tight through the end of tale.   It was truly a pleasure for this reviewer to once again get to experience the magic of this Rising Star of Romance. One can only hope more fascinating stories will follow in the wake of the incredible Charming the Shrew.   Kelley A. Hartsell, April 2004. All rights reserved.     