 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Merry Montrose has her work cut out for her if she ever hopes to break her curse. Her latest plan includes matching up to people who couldn't be more different.  As a result of a traumatic event as a young teen, Selina Carrington feared closed relationships with men, seeing them as nothing more then temporary flirtations. When things would get too serious, she'd send them on their merry way, never letting them last long enough to build a relationship. She never expected the one man to bring her around would be a haughty Arabian sheik.  Kamar ibn Asad was born to the life of royalty, being the second son of a king. He's always had things his way, be they crazy adventures or beautiful women. However, his father has tired of his carefree ways and gives him a job that will make or break Kam's future. When he goes to a Florida resort, La Torchere, the vision that awaits him is unlike any he has ever known.  Kam and Selina clash at every turn during the time spent at the resort for her grandfather, a real estate agent in DC, to seal a deal on the new Ambassador from Kam's country's home. With Kam's reputation with the ladies bringing rag mag reporter Marta Hunter to La Torchere, things are bound to get sensitive. Will their pretend engagement to throw Marta off the scent be enough? And what happens when love grows from forced closeness?  This reviewer admits to wondering how this story would turn out when starting it. With two of her least favorite plot devices, pretend engagements and bachelor Arabian sheiks, mixed up with a favorite theme, that of magick helping to smooth the waters of romance, it was bound to be an interesting read at least. However, this story was surprisingly good and will keep one reading. There was just enough of a fantastical thread mixed in to appeal to paranormal fans and make for some interesting moments.  Selina is a strong woman, suffering a near rape as a young girl that colors her thinking of all men. For her to make it out of that situation and adjust quite well to a new life with her grandfather, she had to have some fire to her personality to make it through. Her methods may not have been ideal, but they served their purpose. Kam is a playboy, flirting his way from one beauty to the next, with an arrogance to match his royal bearing. Deep down he just wants to find the one woman to make him happy, though he does not realize it at first. Ms. Swift's pairing up of such opposites helped to show them where their respective lives were lacking and what they needed to balance themselves out. The love that grows between them is sensitive and touching, showing Kam's tender side when Selina confides in him about her past.  There was however, one chapter in this book that does not fit at all and actually breaks up the momentum of the plot development. It is assumed, not having read the previous books in the series, that the characters from this particular scene were a couple from a previous book, and were meant to give a glimpse in to the difficulties encountered in Merry's matchmaking. This scene however, lends nothing to the story, and doesn't seem to even fit in the story. This book could have done quite well without this particular scene as it does nothing but hinder the storyline.  In all, this was a short, satisfying read that surprised this reviewer with its depth and development. Readers will enjoy this book, and be interested in seeing what else Ms. Swift has penned in the past, or will yet release.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2005. All rights reserved.     