 Courtesy of Love Romances  This stunning debut novel by new author Eve Silver is sure to keep readers on the edge of their seats in captivated interest.    Darcie Finch is desperate. She has no money, no food, and no place to live after the death of her stepfather. She arrives in Whitechapel, on the doorstep of the well-known Madam, Mrs. Feather, for help. Though sent away from the house, she is given the name of one man who will give her a job. Now Darcie is out in the cold dark night in search of the home of Dr. Damien Cole.  Fortunately for her the man himself whisks her off of the dank streets. Damien takes her in, no questions asked after hearing the reference Darcie provides him. She is thrilled to have a job and a dry bed, swearing to do a wonderful job. She should be quite content, but strange occurrences plague this household. Maidservants seem to disappear, unusual people show up at all hours, the kind doctor has been seen in questionable circumstances... and of course who can forget for even a moment that a deadly stranger stalks the shadowy streets?  Then there is the fact Darcie has a strong attraction to Damian, and he to her. Who is the real Dr. Cole? Is he the caring man who will help anyone in need? Or are these late night visitors combined with those niggling thoughts in the back of her mind hints that he is a ruthless murderer? Will Darcie and Damien's passion be their salvation... or their undoing?  What a read! Ms. Silver strikes at the very center of readers with this story. One will feel the dark cold of late night London streets, sensing the evil pervading Whitechapel. The chill of fear and the heights of passion will invade the reader's heart. The story is fraught with tension, keeping the pages turning late in to the night. The plot gradually picks up pace as it progresses, gearing up for the exciting climactic moments that will make readers hold their breath in anticipation.  Darcie is a strong woman, who changes from the young privileged girl she was into a young lady who is confident in her abilities and her strong mind. One sees how she adapts to her new life with ease, winning the esteem and friendship of her fellow servants and the heart of Damien Cole. Damien is a tortured man, agonizing over his inability to protect and aid the one person who needed him most. He is lost in the dark world of his perceived failure, unable to see the light until Darcie arrives in his life. Their mutual respect for one another first grows from friendship to an all-consuming desire they are helpless to fight. They need each other to be complete.  The cast of secondary characters is full and varied, with people from all walks of life. Darcie's friend and fellow maid Mary is a sweet girl who has her own issues with which to deal. There is Poole, the head servant, who come across as abrupt and cold, but hides a tender side as well. Readers will find they can't help but like Mrs. Feather, who hides her own broken heart behind the life of a well-known Madam. Of course, one can't forget Inspector Trent who is on the trail of a killer, the suspicious late night visitors to the Cole home, and the frightening monster stalking the streets.  If Dark Desires is any indication, Eve Silver is on the path to a great future in the gothic romance genre. Readers will become engrossed in the story immediately. The conclusion to this tale leaves readers with a feeling of eager anticipation for the next novel from this promising writer.   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2005. All rights reserved.     