 Masquerade by Amanda Ashley (originally published 1994) Jason Blackthorne is the stuff of nightmares...and fantasies. He is a vampire, doomed to an eternity of darkness and feeding on human blood to survive, until he meets Leanne, the sunshine to his darkness. She is a singer/dancer, to whom Jason finds himself inexplicably drawn. From the moment Leanne meets him, she is convinced he is the man she has waited for her whole life. But Jason is terrified to reveal his secret; convinced Leanne would be repulsed by the truth. Will they overcome the curse binding him to a lonely darkness forever, to be together? Ms. Ashley writes another stunning vampire tale. Her characters come alive, in spite of the novella length of the story. One will feel the agony of Jason's lonely life, along with him, as well as the bittersweet joy he finds in Leanne; and will be cheering them on to a happy ever after. But be forewarned, reading this tale will give the reader great desire to listen to Phantom of the Opera. Dark Dream by Christine Feehan Falcon is an ancient Carpathian, sent out by his prince Vladimir, over 1000 years ago, to hunt the evil vampires. He has been alone and without a lifemate for so long, he is in danger of turning vampire himself. Falcon decides to return to his home in the Carpathian Mountains one final time to see his new prince, Mikhail, and the Prince's once human lifemate, Raven, before destroying himself by meeting the dawn. In the last leg of his journey, he meets Sara Marten and is shocked to discover she is his lifemate. Sara discovered an ancient diary many years ago, which drew her for some unknown reason, to a mysterious dream man. She has since been running from the vampire that murdered her family She is surprised to meet this dream man in the flesh... at first mistaking him for the vampire she has been eluding for the past 15 years. Sara is therefore not surprised to discover his secret. But before they can be happy, they must defeat the vampire, enlisting the aid of Falcon's Prince Mikhail, his brother Jacques, and their lifemates, Raven and Shea. Will they conquer this evil nemesis to find eternal love? Ms. Feehan has done it again! She has created incredible characters, who will live on in memory long after the story is finished. Her best-selling Dark saga only improves with age and each new tale. This novella is every bit as fulfilling as one of her full-length novels. This is not a story to be missed. Midnight Serenade by Ronda Thompson Rick Donavan is a country veterinarian, who lives in isolation, separating himself from everyone. For he suffers an ancient curse, having been bitten by a werewolf and becoming one himself. Stephanie Shane is a wildlife advocate, who is trying to build up support for wolves in the wild, trying to make all aware of their importance and beauty. She has been tracking a wolf pack and happens upon some farmers trying to kill a wolf, but only succeeding in wounding him. She is bitten as she tries to help the wolf with its injuries, before it runs off. She follows the injured wolf's trail right through the door or Rick's home. He fascinates Stephanie, despite his trying to discourage her from her mission. Rick is also attracted to her, sensing some pull between them. However, he now fears he may have passed his curse on to Stephanie, and decides he must save her from it. Will they defeat the odds to be together? Or are they doomed from the start? This is Ms. Thompson's debut in the paranormal genre and she does not disappoint. Hers is an impressive addition to this book, featuring two of the most world-renowned paranormal romance authors. This story is fast paced and never slows down. The characters are very well drawn and will be memorable. This reviewer hopes Ms. Thompson's first foray into the paranormal is not her last. AFTER TWILIGHT is a more than satisfactory book to be read during the Halloween season, or any time of the year. All three stories are ones to be savored over and over again. Run out and buy a copy today.      