 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  The story of the Coven of the Wolf continues in this, the second tale.  It was Summer Solstice and Brenna Lindsay was paying homage to the Goddess when everything she knew changed. There was a murder in the forest adjacent to her land and she sensed the terrible evil behind it, threatening the peace of her town.  Ty Buchanan is sheriff in town and is investigating the murder. When he meets Brenna, the attraction is immediate and intense. He doesn't understand this sudden passion; he only knows that she will be his.  As Ty and Brenna partner up to solve the murder case, and the overabundance of dark magick in their town, their ardor consumes them both. They are destined to be together, Goddess has seen to it. As the evil grows the closer they get to the heart of it, they must rely on their love for one another, Ty's dormant magick, and all of Brenna's skill with Moon Magick, to win the battle once and for all.  Here is a story full of passion, suspense, magick, and underlying strength of character. The plot flows seamlessly from beginning to end, snaring the reader in its spell. This story expands on the world introduced in Destiny's Magick, yet is able to stand on its own. Here too, Ms. Morgan continues her trend for portraying strong heroines to save the day.  Brenna is a great woman, full of power and courage. Ty is the ultimate alpha male, bound to protect his woman at any cost, even when he is the one needing saving. They are perfect together, each strong where the other is weak. It was also enjoyable to have a chance to visit once more with some beloved characters from the previous story. Boris and Igor, the twin Russian shape shifters are back, playing a key role in this story, and adding some lively moments. It was fun to see Igor's antics, especially as he fancies himself in love with Brenna, and desires her for himself. Drake and Rhea, the powerful coven leaders, even have a cameo, much to the delight of readers. Add in a suitably evil villain, a bevy of bad guys (and gals), several coven members, and Brenna's beloved pet wolf, Star, and fans have a delightful cast of characters to round out the plot.  This reviewer is one fan who is eagerly awaiting Ms. Morgan's next chapter in the story of the Coven of the Wolf. Sit back and relax, and prepare for a roller coaster ride of adventure and passion.   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2004. All rights reserved.     