 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Debrah Morris has a sweet, emotional, sure to please story with A Little Night Matchmaking.  Celestian has been demoted from his duty in the afterlife for not always following the rules. His punishment? He must go to Earth, where no one can see or hear him, except a small child, so he can bring a pair of star-crossed lovers together and possibly redeem himself in the eyes of his superiors.  Brandy Mitchum has always been just a few pennies away from the poorhouse, struggling to make ends meet and raise her young daughter in the best way she can. A string of jobs where her bosses felt her home life interfered with her career life has left her feeling desperate and working as a paralegal for a rather selfish lawyer of a boss. What she really desires deep down is to find the one man who is her soulmate, who will fulfill her life in ways she has only before imagined.  Trick Templeton is a confirmed bachelor whose love `em and leave `em perspective on relationships has always served him well. He has no desire to ever settle down. When he meets Brandy and her daughter Chloe, his good sense tells him to run in the other direction and fast, before she can suck him in to the domestic life he's always avoided. However, can a little help from a pair of matchmakers, Chloe and her "invisible" friend Celestian, show these star-crossed lovers that what they've always needed can be found in each other?  This is a sweet story that makes a good addition to the Soulmates line by Silhouette Romance. Here readers find a pair of lovers mismatched as can be, but bound by a love that surpasses lifetimes. Ms. Morris has skillfully portrayed a beautiful story in this book. Brandy's life revolves around her daughter and every decision she makes is for her benefit. She believes her own life can and should take a back seat to her daughter's no matter how many struggles she has to go through.   Trick and Brandy clash from the moment they meet, but there are more then just sparks of temper glowing. They both feel a strong attraction, and it goes against everything they want in their lives. But love will not be denied, especially when they have their own "guardian angel" pushing them together. When these two finally give in to their desires, they find more then they bargained for, and a forever kind of love.  This reviewer was glad to see Celestian again, having enjoyed his antics in Ms. Morris' previous novel. Seeing him go from something of a celestial snob to a sensitive caring being will delight readers. He has always had a tendency to bend the rules to his needs, and how he does so in this story provides some humor to the tale. One will also be glad to see that the end of this book gives hope for Celestian finding what is really lacking in him.  In short, fans of traditional, sweet romance and those who don't mind a little bit of light paranormal tones to their story, will be more than satisfied by Ms. Morris' A Little Night Matchmaking. One can only hope there are many more stories to come from the pen of this talented author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2005. All rights reserved.     