 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  Love is what makes a family, not blood and shared genes, and that is all that really matters in the end, right?  Amelia "Mia" Gallagher has lived her whole life for others. She pretty much raised her brothers after her parents died and now that they had finished school, she is free to live her own dreams. The only problem is she's not sure what those dreams are. Her job as a receptionist at the Wagner, McDuffy, Chambers, and Donovan Law Firm pays the bills and she is quite happy there, well except for one very handsome annoyance that is. That's okay though, the dislike was mutual.  Larry "Mac" Mackenzie is a good lawyer, a good man and a good volunteer in the community. The only thing really missing in his life was family. His parents were never around and he went from foster place to foster place, until his best friend's parents took him in as one of their own. He never really felt like he belonged, and he swears he will never have children as he never wants to do that to them. However, when a client asked him months ago to be the guardian of her then unborn child, he agreed, though he never expected anything to come of it. Until the day, he inherits her child.   Little Katie O'Keefe is a darling baby, and Mac agrees to care for her until he can find her a loving home... a home like he never had. Unfortunately, he knows nothing about raising children and gets a lot more then he bargained for in taking on this responsibility. Mia agrees to help him out and things change. The more time they spend together, the more they decide maybe they don't dislike each other after all, but actually care about each other. Their love for Katie unites them in a way they never imagined, and their own love for one another grows. However, how can Mac love Mia and be there for her the way she needs when he can't even do that for such a beautiful baby?  This is another charismatic novel by Ms. Jacobs, full of personality and life. One will find plenty of the trademark humor expected in her stories.  However, at the same time, Ms Jacobs touches on some very tender emotions, which will bring a tear to the reader's eye as Mac learns some very important lessons about life, love, and the true meaning of family. It's not what he is born in to, but what he makes for himself, and genetic bonds are not always required to be a real family.  The mutual attraction between Mia and Mac is evident from their introductions in the book. They may not know it, but readers will recognize that their sniping, griping, and that their arguing with each other is just a cover up, since they refuse to acknowledge their real feelings for one another. These two need each other... Mia needs Mac to help her realize its okay to reach for her dreams now, and he needs her to show him what it really means to be a family. Katie's entry into their world gives them a way to be there for one another, through their mutual love for her.  Readers will delight in the opportunity to visit again with a few of the other residents of Perry Square, and meet some new ones as well. Moreover, who can forget the lively Zumigalas who cared for Mac, the parents of his best friend? They are a wonderful family, full of love for each other, and for Mac and those who enter in to his life. Some of the most touching scenes in the whole story revolve around them. Fans will not be disappointed in the latest Perry Square romance by the talented Ms. Jacobs, and will be looking forward to the next opportunity to visit this charming place in Erie, PA.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2004. All rights reserve     