 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  Julia Quinn is a brilliant physicist who dreams of making a name for herself in the world of science by discovering how to make teletransportation work. Her life revolves around her daughter, Emmi, and science, ever since her husband died. Emmi's greatest dream is for God to give her a new Daddy. Julia thinks her experiment is finally perfected, and when she tests it, is in for quite a surprise. Her equipment ends up capturing an angel! Emmi is thrilled, believing Joel is the answer to her prayers for a new daddy.  Now, they must figure out what went wrong so they can fix it and return Joel to his proper existence before it is too late and he's trapped forever. However, neither expected that they'd capture each other's hearts in the process, and they must now make a decision that could change their lives for eternity.  This was a pleasant story about "what ifs" and dreams come true, with a dose of inspirational thrown into the mix for good measure. Julia is lonely in her life, but doesn't realize it quite so much, believing it is full between her career, her daughter, and her few close friends. She had never truly loved her husband, so she isn't even quite aware of what she's missing in that respect. Joel is full of confusion when he is yanked out of his plane of existence, and sucked into Julia's world. He is also full of delight at the simplest of things, like the microwave, and excited over each new discovery he finds. Emmi is thrilled to have him in her life, convinced he was a gift to her from God, and prays daily he will stay forever, marry her mother, and be her daddy.  As Julia works against time to figure out what went wrong so she can return Joel to his realm, all the while she's wishing he could stay with them. Their love and passion grow from the close relationship that forms as they try to crack the equations, and both long for something that should be forbidden to them. This story reminds readers there is always hope. Though sometimes not easily understood, there is a reason for everything and fate (and a Higher Power) has a way of working, no matter what is stacked against it. This reviewer enjoyed this story and hopes to see more from this author in the future.   Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2004. All rights reserved.     