 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This is a sweet story about overcoming one's faults and fears to find the love so longed for.  Emily Winters has had enough of her father, Lloyd's matchmaking attempts. Her disastrous first marriage to a former employee of the company has made her swear off men or every marrying again. In retaliation, she had played cupid to all of the eligible bachelors at Wintersoft, her father's corporation, finding them their perfect mates. Only one single man remains, Jack Devon, but Emily feels there is no danger on that front.   Jack Devon has his own reasons for avoiding any sort of romantic relationship with a woman, especially Emily. He has a family secret he keeps at all costs, for fear that if it was discovered, he'd risk reputation and his job at the company. So if for no other reason than that, he will avoid getting involved with Emily, whose father he respects highly.  When the two are thrown together for a week at a business conference in Reno, things are bound to change. Lloyd has not yet given up hope of seeing his daughter happily married, and suggests they stay together at the family vacation residence in Lake Tahoe while at the conference. Sparks are bound to fly within such close confines and temptation is hard to resist. Emily and Jack find themselves giving in to their mutual attraction against their better judgment. However, before they can have anything more then a fling, Jack must confront his fears and Emily her feelings of inadequacy brought on by her divorce.   Emily and Jack are imperfect people, as are we all, trying to deal with their fears and insecurities so they can find happiness. She has suffered as a result of a bad marriage to a former company employee, causing her to doubt her own worth and abilities. She also has to deal with the fact she feels she is inadequate in her father's eyes. Jack must face the proverbial skeletons in the family closet if he ever hopes to be the best he can be. These two draw on each other's strengths to deal with their respective weaknesses, making them a strong couple emotionally.  The intricacies of the business world are touched on briefly in the book, through interactions with coworkers in the office and clients at the conference. Though mentioned, they never overpower the real story of the growth of Emily and Jack as individuals, and as a unit. The reader will also get a glimpse of the glitz and glamour of the world of casinos in Reno, as well as a taste of the breathtaking beauty of Lake Tahoe. All of these elements combine to give a visual of the surrounding Jack and Emily find themselves in.  There is plenty of interaction between Jack and Emily and all the secondary characters of the story. And through their thoughts, readers will get a brief look at the stories surrounding all of the other characters. There is even a secondary romantic story in the book, which will enhance the story.   In all, this is a pleasing story from the mind of Ms. Burnham, and a satisfying conclusion to the Marrying the Boss's Daughter continuity series. This reader enjoyed this book, and will be anticipating future works by this up-and-coming series romance author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2004. All rights reserved.     