 Reviewed by Kelley Hartsell for Love Romances Libby McGuiness is a single mother, doing her best to be a good parent to her young hearing impaired daughter, Meg. Between owning her own hair salon and taking care of Meg, she has no time for anything else, let alone getting involved in a relationship. Everyone she knows doesn't agree with her though, and keep trying to fix her up with every "nice young man" they know. Dr, Joshua Gardener grew up in Erie, PA, before heading off to go to med school. He decides to return home in the wake of his recent divorce to set up a small practice and start life anew. The last thing he wants to even think about is getting involved in a relationship with a new woman. Libby and Josh's first meeting was far from pleasant, starting over a parking space, so why can't either of them get the other out of their minds? Josh is annoyed by Libby's prickly attitude, but senses there may be something far different underneath. When the two of them are conned into co-chairing the town's annual Christmas party, they are thrown into close contact - too close for Libby's comfort. Sparks fly from the get-go though, and both find themselves looking forward to their "business" meetings. But Libby is nervous. Every other man she has tried being with, including her ex-husband, runs when they learn of Meg's disability. None have been able to handle the challenges unique to raising a disabled child. She is afraid Josh will do the same, so therefore she won't allow herself to get too close, knowing he will be gone from her life come Christmas. Josh isn't going anywhere though. He wins Meg's affection almost immediately, growing extremely attached to the delightful child, and in so doing he just may win Libby's heart as well. Ms. Jacobs shows her talent for weaving a charming tale, full of humor, and life in a good-sized city with a small-town heart. She handles a relatively sensitive subject (well it could be for some people) with ease, helping one understand the challenges associated the lifestyle, as well as the rewards. She depicts a family not hindered by it, but enlightened by it and overcoming it. Meg is such a charming child that no one could help but love. Libby and Josh's dance around their mutual attraction is very amusing, especially the multi page discussion about kissing. The reader will get a lot of laughs out of it. Libby's busybody neighbors and friends are a riot, reminiscent of characters from another series of books by the talented author. No matter what book of Ms. Jacobs a person reads, there are guaranteed to be unforgettable laugh out loud moments. One may get some funny looks depending on where the book is being read when people hear the laughs. Ms. Jacobs is an author to watch. Her unique style is one to love, which will take her far in the romance genre. This reviewer expects her to climb all the way to the top and become a household name in the near future. This is one reader who will be delighted to say "I knew her when..."      