 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  If readers are looking for a chilling horror thriller, with strong paranormal elements, then The Lebo Coven by Stephen Mark Rainey will satisfy.  Barry Riggs has returned home after ten years when he finds out his brother, his only living relative, has vanished. He and Matt, his brother, have many years of animosity and bad blood between them, but Barry vows to put that aside while he tries to figure out what happened. Shortly after getting home, Barry bumps into an old acquaintance, Jennifer Brand, who as a child had suffered from spina bifida, and to whom Barry had been horribly cruel. She is now apparently cured and a stunningly attractive young woman, and feelings grow between them.  Barry and Jennifer's investigating, their biggest clue being "Lebo" written in blood on the wall, turns up frightening ties between Matt and a black magick coven leader, Ren, who wants an ancient evil power for himself. Jennifer is a student of magick as well, though not black magick, and must use her powers to stop Ren and his coven before they can succeed in their plans. What they find is that Matt, and now Jennifer and Barry, may play an unwilling part, a part in which someone will probably die. Which side will win the ultimate battle? And will the sacrifices made be enough to stop this evil from ever taking form again?  This story is a chilling thriller, bound to keep readers on the edges of their seats, gasping in shock many times over. The descriptions of the destruction to Matt's house and of the rituals Ren uses are vivid, making readers shiver in revulsion and disgust at the defilement. Jennifer's magick is also well detailed, making the reader see what she is doing and creating to protect them. The final climactic battle scene is brilliantly done, putting one right in the center of the action, feeling the brutalities performed on Ren's victims.  The relationships between the characters are well developed as well. One can feel and even understand why the relationship between Barry and Matt has always been so tense. They have grown much since then however, and it can be felt how much they've changed and how that will affect their new growing relationship. Jennifer is depicted as a complex young woman, who has her faults and flaws, but also has her strengths. The relationship that develops between she and Barry is beautiful and strong, built on what would not have been thought to be common ground when they were younger.  If readers are looking for a compelling read, that will entice them in, making them eager to see how the story will end, then read this one. It's well written, with a strong plot and stronger characters. It is sure to tempt even the most particular of horror aficionados. The Lebo Coven is well worth the time to read it.   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2004. All rights reserved.     