 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ms. Jackson has a winner with this novel. This is a thought-inducing story, which will make one wonder about the possibility of reincarnation.  Domitien had loved and lost, centuries ago, when his wife and unborn child were brutally slain. He was so heartbroken in that life that he vowed he would never again know love, no matter how many eternities or lives he experienced. What he doesn't realize is that after so many lives of refusing to acknowledge love, he was facing his last hope. If he did not let go of his ancient hatred and vow against love, his soul would be destroyed and he'd never have another chance.  The Creator has plans for Dom though, hoping that this time, in this life, he will finally create the perfect woman for Dom, with whom he could not help but fall in love. For He has taken all of the best characteristics of her past incarnations, those that most intrigued Dom, and combined them in to one woman, Laris, who he imagined even Dom couldn't resist. Laris was a great beauty, ethereally so, with red hair, luminous skin, and a voice even angels would long to have. But was that enough?  When first Laris and Dom meet, in her dreams, she is unable to resist his allure, and even Dom was drawn into the fantasies. When they meet in person for the first time, nothing could keep them apart. Until an ancient enemy enters their lives, the same enemy who has followed them through all their lives... Rychard. Rychard's goal is to destroy them both, as it has always been. The only way to escape for Laris and Dom is to cross through Death's door, literally, and then the real journey begins. They travel through many of Dom's past lives, The Creator's hope being that they will learn the lessons that have eluded them, and bring them together for all eternity. Will Dom learn once again to love? Or will Laris fail and the two of them be separated forever?  WOW! This book was absolutely incredible. Ms. Jackson has it all here - eternal love, ancient vows, truly evil enemies, adventures like one could never imagine. The reader will be drawn into the story from the very first page, the very first life Dom and Laris share, the one that sets the tone for all to follow. The emotion in this story is high, making one laugh, cry, and rage at Lady Fate, right alongside the main characters. The passion between Laris and Dom is electrifying, as it had been from their first life together, and the emotion between them is incredibly powerful. They have a love unlike any other, even if Dom refuses to acknowledge it, swearing to not feel anything at all. One hopes and prays they will find the answers necessary to the end of their sad journey, bringing them together as they should be.  What's really interesting about this story is how Ms. Jackson weaves all the lives together seamlessly, through flashback type scenes at the beginning of each chapter. This is intriguing because it gives some glimpse of Dom (and Laris) and why they are in their present situation. There was one nice scene where the current life "bumped into" a past life and that added an extra dimension to the tale.  This is truly an emotionally packed story that will have the reader continuing just as fast as possible, to see what will happen next, and what depth of emotion will be reached in the different chapters. Ms. Jackson has written a story that packs quite a wallop for the reader, proving why she is becoming a force to be reckoned with in the romance genre. Way to go Ms. Jackson; if this reviewer was not already a lifelong fan, this book would have made her one.   Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2003. All rights reserved.     