 I bought the Dell Axim x51 a few months ago after a good bit of research (and help from a very tech savvy friend) in to what was best suited to my needs. This is my first PDA so I can't compare it to other similar items on the market from experience.  I am hooked though! I've become so addicted to my Axim that it goes everywhere with me. The functionality of the available programs is more than sufficient for my use and I'll probably never put it through the paces of what it can really do.  Since I'm fairly knowledgeable about computers but far from an expert, I can't talk about it from too much of the technical side of things. I do love the big screen and the clear graphics quality. The sound works great though I usually turn it off except for minimal purposes since it drains the battery quicker.  Indoors I keep the backlight on the lowest level I can go without the screen blacking out and it is still extremely bright and easy to read. I also don't use the WiFi alot, except when I'm travelling as I have a laptop (also a Dell) at home I never stray very far from if it's turned on.  I've not tried all of the software applications (for example I've never even opened Excel) but the ones I do use work great. I do have some minor issues with Word though. If I'm working with a document when I turn the Axim off, it almost always "freezes" and won't turn back on unless I pop the battery out briefly. Then once I put the battery back in, it turns on, though of course I have to search through the file to get to the point where I stopped.   This could just be because I'm not overly familiar with the device and it may be something I'm doing though. However, the only program I've had this problem with is Word. Nothing else ever keeps it from turning back on.  I also seem to have problems sometimes with Internet Explorer when I have the wireless on. The webpage seems to load OK, but oftentimes when I try to use any buttons on the page, they don't work. Though again this may just be due to me not being overly familiar with how some of the functions should work.  The ActiveSync seems to turn itself on more often than necessary when I have my Axim in the sync cradle and that does get frustrating sometimes.   All in all, this was a wonderful purchase for my needs. It has plenty of memory and when I add a memory card, I can store even more on it. The battery has a good long life and I have yet to have it die on me when I've been working on something. It also recharges fairly quickly most of the time. I was surprised to find out that even when the device is turned off, if I have any appointments in Outlook set to send reminders, it will turn itself on long enough for the reminder to go off and give you time to react to it. You can imagine my surprise when I had it on the table next to me one day and the reminder went off in spite of the device not being on, for the first time.  In spite of my minor difficulties I mentioned, I love this particular PDA and think I made a very good choice in purchasing the Axim as my very first pocket PC. I've been raving about it to everyone who I know that has mentioned they are looking for a new PDA.     