 Courtesy of The Best Reviews Lynette D'Aubere's family was in dire straits. Her father had been declared a traitor many years ago, forfeiting his wealth to the Crown, and causing Lynette to be disinherited. Riley, her mother, would do anything to ensure a secure marriage for her, dowry or not. Now Richard, guardian to the young King Edward, wants Lynette brought to court. In an act of sheer desperation, Riley goes to an old friend on his deathbed, begging him to sign a marriage contract, binding his son, Devon Seward, to Lynette. Under questionable behavior, Riley gets the contract signed, securing Lynette's future. Lynette has plans of her own though. She loves Malcolm, one her family's servants, and they desire to be wed. Her plans are halted upon her betrothal to Devon, but she vows she will marry no one if she cannot have the man she loves. So she runs off, hiding out in the woods until she can find her way to a convent. Lynette revels in her freedom, short-lived though it may be. Devon is shocked and angered to hear of his father's final act, having no desire to marry right now, especially the daughter of the infamous traitor. He knows she is his responsibility though, at least until he can find her another husband. He goes to the woods in search of her, and is fascinated with the beautiful wood sprite that is Lynette. She mistakes him for a common hunter, enlisting his help in her bid for freedom. Lynette is surprised to find herself falling for this mysterious hunter. When she finds out he is her intended, she is furious with him for tricking her. Lynette and Devon are soon married and she discovers it is not so awful after all. She falls in love with her husband, and he loves her, though he doubts her integrity. The times keep them apart however, as this is a very turbulent time for England. Richard has imprisoned Prince Edward, heir to the throne, and is making plans to steal it away from Edward. He is not the only one vying for the coveted crown; Henry Tudor is in love with Princess Elizabeth and vows to marry her. England is in an uproar, as is Devon's household, with factions supporting Henry, and others for Richard, who is killing any and all suspected of treason. Devon is opposed to Richard's plans, fighting them in secret, until a traitor in his household exposes Devon, putting his and Lynette's marriage, and Devon's life, at serious risk of death. Ms. Davidson has written a fascinating story, capturing the essence of the times. Here is a tale full of intriguing plot developments and lots of drama. The focus of this book is more on the happenings, and how Devon and Lynette react and cope with them, adding depth and growth to their relationship. This book is not a light read, requiring good amounts of concentration, to follow the story line fully, but it is well worth the extra time taken to read it. The characters are passionate and full of life, and the descriptions of life in England are vividly drawn, making one feel as though present for it all. Take the time to sit down and read this book, it won't be regretted.      