 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Chime Headwind is a young country girl who has never desired anything but to work her family's apple orchards. Unfortunately for her, she was born with impressive mage talents that she needs to keep hidden. If anyone knew just how strong her abilities were she'd have to leave her home and move to the royal palace to be trained. However power like hers can only be hidden for so long and the day comes that Della No-Cozen, Mage to the Royal family, finds Chime and takes her away to learn the ways of the Shape Mages and possibly wed the heir to the throne.  In a matter of months Chime's life is turned upside down. Just as she is starting to settle in to her new role, when she is finally beginning to feel like she fits in, another powerful mage, Iris, is found who holds abilities unlike anyone has ever seen. At the same time, Muller, Chime's betrothed and the former heir, is released from his future position. In the middle of all these changes, a neighboring land's ruler decides time is ripe to overthrow Aronsdale. Now Muller and Chime must use their love and their abilities to help the new king, Muller's cousin, and his young wife Iris to conquer the evil pervading their homeland.  This is a unique and intriguing look at the brilliant world created by Ms. Asaro. The land where power is held by those strongest in the magic of colors and shapes will capture the imaginations of many readers, be they fans of romance or fantasy, or both. The imagery is vivid and readers will be enveloped in the lives and world of the characters. The rules of society are well defined, giving this fantasy the feeling that there could be such a world out there somewhere. Though some aspects of the magic and life found there get confusing at times, by the end of the book, one will understand how things work in Aronsdale.  The players in this saga are brilliantly rendered. Muller feels like he can never measure up and that he is twisted inside, never to be free of the cursed abilities. Chime feels like she will never quite fit in to the elegant life of royalty, being more comfortable climbing trees than learning magic and propriety. These two are set adrift when their world changes. If not for the love they found in each other, they'd be lost. Jarid, the new king, is a tortured man; eaten up with guilt over something he did as a young boy that he could not control. Iris is a simple mountain girl who comes in to her own when she is taken under the wing of Della and the royal advisors.  If readers are looking for a well-told fantasy tale that takes place in a brilliant world of magic, then The Charmed Sphere is for them. The sequel to this book, The Misted Cliffs looks to be a winner as well. So why not run out and purchase both books today?   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2005. All rights reserved.     