 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Suchen Keblava had led a fairly uneventful life until recently. She was the Steward of Kellsjard, and quite possibly the only woman anywhere in the world to hold such a position. She is fiercely loyal to her liege, Lord Auglar. Suddenly however, her peaceful existence is shattered one day, when the wizard, Ax, comes to her with a mission that only she can carry out.  Yozerf Trihychyl has been alone for most of his life, a half-breed who fits into neither a human world, nor a wolfkin one. He is tainted, an outcast, no matter which race he turns to; all they see is his mixed heritage, making him unworthy of their trust or respect. Then Ax comes to him, claiming the life debt owed him, for having saved Yozerf from death many years ago.  Suchen's mission is to find and protect a young noblewoman, Trethya, and keep her safe from death by her enemies, with the help of the Sworn, warriors loyal only to Lord Auglar, Suchen, and each other. Trethya is the one person privy to a dreadful secret: her Council is holding Rozah, Queen of the entire kingdom of Jenel, prisoner. They want all of the power ruling the kingdom can bring. Their intent is to force Rozah into marriage with the sorcerer Jahcgroth, who will take her away to his own kingdom, and leave Jenel to the Council... or so they think. He has an agenda of his own that he is revealing to no one.  Suchen and the Sworn set out on their journey, finding Trethya to lead her back to Kellsjard where she will be safe. Along the way, they meet up with Yozerf, their unlikely and reluctant ally promised by Ax. Yozerf's unique gifts as a wolfkin (shape changer) and an Aclyte will help them fend off the armies... and the dreaded Red Guard (also shape changers), sent by the Council to capture Trethya and bring her back into submission and to prevent her from revealing their evil plot. Treachery is everywhere, making Suchen's small army unsure of whom to trust, and seriously hindering their mission.  Ms. Corvidae has written a stunning fantasy in this novel. Romance is definitely not the dominant theme, but it is woven in as a key part of the plot nonetheless. The characters are so vividly portrayed, one will see them everywhere around. They are realistic, forcing the reader to know them and empathize with them. They will also remain in memory long after the final page is turned.  The plot is incredible and compelling; making the pages turn on their own accord. Secrets and surprises abound, always unexpected and never boring. The conclusion is shocking, leaving a few mysteries in its wake. This reviewer can only hope that is a hint of more adventure to follow in future books. Ms. Corvidae has made a diehard fan here, who now intends to run out and purchase the rest of her books.      