 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  The Darnleys and Kirallens have been feuding for generations, though no one really remembers what started it all. The members of each clan have been taught their entire lives to hate and destroy the other. Finally Laird Kirallen grows weary of the war and decides it is time for peace. He proposes the marriage of his only remaining son to Darnley's beloved daughter. Darnley grudgingly agrees, but not for the same reasons as Kirallen.  Jemmy Kirallen left home over twelve years ago to go to sea and never expected to return home. Upon receiving word his brother Ian was killed because of the feud, he hastens home to assist his elderly father in ruling the clan. He never expected to be returning to a wedding, especially his own. Jemmy too, is tired of the feud, having left all those years ago to escape it once and for all. He reluctantly goes along with his father's plan, all in the name of peace.  Darnley agreed to the marriage under duress, planning to use it to destroy the Kirallens once and for all. He refuses to marry his darling Maude to the heathen, so he blackmails his illegitimate daughter, Alyson, into posing as Maude and marrying Jemmy. Alyson agrees to it only to save her little brother's life, never expecting to be there for very long... and certainly never anticipating she would fall in love with her husband!  His beautiful new bride intrigues Jemmy, and that reinforces his desire for peace. What he can't understand is her seemingly abrupt personality changes, from ice queen to a woman of fire and passion. Alyson was pleasantly surprised upon meeting her husband and finds herself drawn to him in ways she cannot begin to comprehend. But he can never be hers, for she must continue her charade of pretending to be Maude, even though she grows tired of living a lie. The more she gets to know Jemmy, the more her acting slips and her own personality sneaks out...and the more she longs to tell the truth.  This was an impressive debut effort by Ms. English. Her talent is evident in her ability to weave a remarkable story. Scotland is beautifully rendered with vivid imagery. The web of deceit strung between the characters adds to the tale, as they try to resolve differences and get on with their lives. Jemmy and Alyson's relationship moves along well through the story. Ms. English captures the very spirit of the Scottish people, depicting them very true to the time.  There were a few problems with the book, this first being some very poor editing, which is not the fault of the author. However, it has a tendency to detract from the story in parts. Also, Maude starts to be redeemed a little suddenly in the end and it does not quite seem true to her character. Alistair, Jemmy's foster brother, is far too bitter, and a bit too power hungry. This reviewer is very curious to see how Ms. English will redeem him enough to be a credible hero in her next book, Laird of the Mist, released in January 2002.      