 Courtesy of Love Romances Gerek Gunn, The Beast of Battle, called so for his skill and stealth in war, has known his entire life he was illegitimate. One thing he did not know however, was who his real father was. His mother had always promised to reveal the secret to him when he was older, but alas, she died before she could. Gerek took this as a personal slight and decided then and there he would never trust another woman. Someone wants him dead, though, unhappy with the role he plays in his grandfather's life. In order to protect him, his grandfather, The Gunn of Killearnan, sends him off to foster with a loyal friend. He tells Gerek he will have to earn his way to the title of Clan Chief, proving he has what it takes. And the way to do that is by becoming the best and most resourceful warrior out there. Her father and brothers hate Catriona MacFarr and she has no idea why. They have always treated her terribly, abusing her and later sending her away to be a kitchen servant at another keep. The only people she feels she can count on are her mother and her one dear friend, Mag. But the MacFarr has sorely treated her mother as well; to the point she really doesn't live anymore, but merely exists.  When Cat was a child, she had been promised in marriage to the bastard grandson of The Gunn, in the hopes this marriage would help him to be accepted as the Gunn. To make Gerek go along, the condition is made he must marry by his thirtieth birthday, or the title will pass to his cousin, Baen. When Cat is sent for to return home for marriage, she refuses, swearing she will never marry anyone of her father's choosing, especially someone known far and wide as The Beast of Battle! Cat distrusts all men, convinced they are all like her father so she runs away, hoping to find her adventure somewhere she will be appreciated. Gerek is also on the run. Covenanters had just executed the man who fostered him, The Earl of Montrose and they were after him. He needs to hide out to save his life, so he can make it back in time for his wedding. All he desires is to be The Gunn, nothing else matters. When he comes upon a cottage, disguised as a monk, he is surprised to find it occupied already by Cat, he is disguised as a peasant boy.  He knows right away this is no boy and he finds himself inexplicably attracted to Cat, as she is to him. Tensions flare between the two, especially when she finds out Gerek knew all along she was no boy but was toying with her. But both are hiding from something, telling lies upon lies to protect themselves. Can either one really believe what the other says and that what they feel is real? Even more so when there true identities are revealed and their destinies become entwined? Who wants Gerek dead? Can they build a true and loving relationship on packs of secrets? And plenty of secrets will be revealed, some shocking to the core!  This story is full of adventure and excitement. Ms. Nelson has a sure-fire winner in this tale! Cat and Gerek's lives are complex and full of hidden agendas for those closest to them. The journeys they undertake to find the answers to their questions and the mysteries surrounding them are never dull filled with plenty of passion. As much as they distrust and dislike one another, they can't resist their burning desire. Their path to the altar is a roller coaster ride of emotion. Cat and Gerek are perfect for each other, if only they could realize it! The supporting cast is always delightful and full of life as well, human or animal. Cat's father and brothers are suitably despicable and her mother seems so meek and mild until the time comes she can relax and enjoy her life once again. The Gunn is wise and full of vitality, being a very well rounded character. And who can forget the wonderful Dubh, Gerek's faithful sidekick deerhound, and his stallion, The Black? Even the animals are beautifully depicted with personality of their own. There were a few problems in the book though. There were several grammatical errors that can pull the reader out of the story, which should have been caught in editing. There were also some inconsistencies, one blatant example being that Evina, Cat's mother is described as "tall and stately" then only 5-10 pages later is described as "petite." But these are errors, not of Ms. Nelson's, but the editor. If the reader can get past the mistakes, this is a wonderful romantic adventure, with just enough historical fact to enhance the story, not mire it down with detail. A passionate adventure of two soul mates that believe they have every reason not to trust, but later find they can truly believe in each other and have faith all will work out in the end. Ms Nelson is on her way in the romance genre, if this book is any indication, and will leave the reader yearning for more of her spirited tales.      