 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Three years ago his wife had been murdered before his very eyes. In that blinding instant, his world as he knew it was stripped away forever. Ian Mercer had been a famous artist, a painter known for evoking all manner of emotions with his work, and capturing the essence of his subjects. His injury sustained at the time of his wife's murder stole his ability, and he retreated from the world.     Three years later, a rather tenacious reporter, Missy Goodall hopes to sniff out the story that will propel her rise in the world of journalism. She is determined to get the real story behind the death of Ian's wife and his seclusion from society. Her information leads her to the wilds of the Canadian forests, and face to face with her destiny. But Ian is a broken man, permanently scarred and embittered by what happened to him. Missy must help him regain his dreams, but can they do that when his wife's murderer is still out there and stalking them?     This is a story of loss and renewal. Ian thought everything good was gone from his life when his wife was taken from him. His spirit was gone, having died with her. He needs something to spark his will to live again, to force him to come out of his self-imposed prison. Missy is driven by her desire to make a name for herself. When the two meet, sparks fly and strong wills clash. They are well-matched for one another. She is the only one who can break him out of his shell, and his desire for calmness tempers her drive. Their passion is immediate and unquenchable, forcing them to confront their desire for one another.     The unknown murderer is a surprise to the readers. There were some minor clues along the way but most will probably not catch them, therefore being stunned at the revelation. This reviewer sure missed them and she is one who often solves the mysteries long before the end of the story. Though a short story, the plot is well developed and one gets a sense of what drives the characters, even the villain.      Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2004. All rights reserved.      