 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Silverdawn was taken away from her home and family when she was but a babe. Her father, Mikkasah, King of Rastehm, was sworn to uphold a decree made by the Goddess Herself that all magick in their world be removed, so as to save their world from the evil sorcerer, Iraj. She was raised in our modern world by a kind and loving family in Australia, then London, never knowing that she held a mystical key to save both worlds.  Faren, a Knight of Paladia and sworn to the service of Mikkasah, has been sent to travel through time and track down a crystal pyramid, used to trap the demonic minions of Iraj of Istani. Iraj managed to avoid imprisonment, and is something of a parasite, taking over bodies, casting out their souls and then tossing aside the bodies when he has used them up. He is currently trapped in the body of Peter Waymer, a cancer victim. The crystal prison has been damaged in a time shift and it is only a matter of time until Iraj has enough power to release his servants so they can heal his body and he can take over both worlds.  Silverdawn gets a shocking revelation when she finds out her true identity from Faren, and the two of them must combine forces with other allies to defeat Iraj, restore the pyramid, and save their respective worlds. But neither counted on the love that would grow between them... Will their passion for one another be enough? And what of Silverdawn? How will she react upon discovering the choices before her as a powerful Princess?  Julie D'Arcy has created a world of magick with Silverdawn that encompasses so much that readers are sure to be pleased with this story. She combines many different facets of paranormal romance into her story so that there is something for everyone, be they fans of romance, fantasy, time-travel, or adventure. The plot is well thought out, driving forward with strength from the opening lines, never losing steam through the final climactic battle of good vs. evil.  Silverdawn is a complex individual who only wishes to live out the life she has always known. When she is suddenly faced with mythical beings like griffins and horrific monsters like undead zombies, though in shock at the change, she handles it all surprisingly well for one who has ever believed there was no such thing as magick. She is more shocked then anyone to find out she is the only one who can save both worlds from destruction.  Faren has only one goal in life, to please his king and fulfill the missions given to him to uphold their world's ways. He is a strong warrior, well trained in the art of war, but still gentle enough to be the shoulder to cry on for his own damsel in distress. His duty surpasses all for him so when he falls in love with Silverdawn, he must choose what is most important, his duty or his love.  The rest of the cast of characters is well done also, from the aging mage Pendragon, to Iraj the evil sorcerer, to Kalden, Faren's foster brother, and the number of other key players. There are also a couple shockers of plot twists involving some of these people that come into play in the story, though for this reader, it is hard to believe that one of those mysteries was not solved by our lead characters earlier on. In spite of that one minor factor that seemed it should have been obvious; this is a delightful story that is a fast, exciting read one will hate to put down even for a minute. Readers will eagerly await more vivid tales from the mind of Ms. D'Arcy.   Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2004. All rights reserved.     