 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Kirby Brown has only had one person she could ever count on, her best friend. When her friend was brutally murdered by a psychotic, and otherworldly, killer, Kirby was left all alone and scared, for the same killer was after her. She has no idea who is after her or why, but she does know her life is in serious danger. She goes on the run, with only a few meager possessions, and her magical powers as her defense. That is not enough and just as she fears her life is about to be snuffed out, her rescuer arrives.  Doyle Fitzgerald is in Melbourne, Australia, per the orders of the Damask Circle, a special and elite ring of magical beings who are sent to handle special cases all over the world where magic is concerned. His latest mission is to hunt down and destroy the very murderer who is after Kirby. He comes to her rescue, just as she is about to be killed, killing the monster that was after her, but having no idea how to track down the being that is using the creatures.  Kirby has no idea why someone is after her, but Doyle is, and she is shocked to hear the story. She has no memory of her childhood, or of the incident that seemed to spark this string of serial murders. What she doesn't know, is Kirby is one of a circle of women... witches... who have the power to control the elements. Kirby is the last remaining witch of this circle, the only person standing in the way of her ultimate enemy having all the powers at her disposal, and causing awesome destruction in her wake.  Doyle finds himself completely attracted to Kirby, as she is to him, and he will do anything to protect her. However, she isn't the only one with secrets and gifts, for Doyle has some special powers of his own. Powers he is hesitant to share with her just now. Her nerves are at the breaking point already and he fears she couldn't handle his secret on top of everything else. As much as she is drawn to him, she fears getting too close, for she knows the awesome strength of her abilities and she doesn't want him to be threatened by what she has little control over. Will they overcome their secrets? Will they defeat the person stalking Kirby? Or will the world end in the ultimate battle of good versus evil?  What a fabulous read! This story has all the elements of good paranormal romantic fiction. There is plenty of driving action and suspense to keep one's attention right up to the very end. There is love and romance, magic, good and evil. There is also any number of paranormal beings found between the covers. It is populated with vampires, witches, demons, and shapeshifters galore; it will make the readers wonder what secrets their friends and loved ones are carrying.  Ms. Arthur shows in this book why she is rising through the ranks of this sub-genre quite rapidly. She shows impressive talent in her writing, with snappy dialogue between the characters, and enough surprises in the plot to pack a wallop. One will be moved by the plight of Kirby and Doyle, as well as their friends. This book will keep a reader on the edge of the seat, eagerly awaiting the next book by an up and coming author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2003. All rights reserved.     