 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Elena of Lamont is a healer, known throughout her clan for her magical gift, but has been forced all her life to use her skill on demand, to heal only the battle injured warriors. When her father turns up dead, she runs to escape the brutal man, Dougal, who intends her to compel her into marrying him, so he can stake his claim as the clan chief. As hounds are chasing her down, she runs right into the arms of another, possibly even more dangerous man.  Symon MacLachlan, known by all as the Devil of Kilmartin, suffers from his own personal demons, being dragged down into the depths of madness. When a mysterious beauty crashes into him in the circle of stones, where his curse first manifested itself, for an all-too brief moment his agony is assuaged by her touch. He rescues her from her pursuer, and takes her with him back to his keep, convinced she is the infamous Lamont healer, though she denies this at every turn.  Elena is even more afraid of Symon and his madness then she is of Dougal, but she has no choice other than to go with him for now, and plan to escape as soon as she is able. All her life, people have used her for her gift and she believes Symon intends the same, especially with all his demands that she heal him. She continues to deny the truth, holding back her abilities and posing as a simple herb woman who has some training in healing. Symon knows she can help him and decides the only thing to do is to woo her into assisting him. The last thing either of them expects is the tender feelings that spring up between them, making Elena wish she could stay with him, in the only place she ever truly felt she belonged. Symon finds himself wanting more then just her aid... he wants her heart as well.  But Dougal is still on the loose, and has vowed to get Elena back at any cost. He swears he will conquer the MacLachlan clan, once and for all, and snatch back his intended bride, the only person standing in the way of his full rise to power. Elena and Symon have no choice but to trust each other if they are to defeat Dougal finally, but can they do that without risking her secret getting out and his madness overtaking him completely?  What an incredible read! Ms. Wittig has shown her very impressive talent in this, her debut novel. The passion between Elena and Symon erupts from the page, making it impossible for one to doubt their feelings for each other, even while they continue to deny it to themselves. All of her characters are full of life and vigor, from Auld Morag to the clan's children. Dougal is evil and vindictive, bringing out chills for the readers as they wonder what he will do next.  This story has a little bit of everything in it. There is a touch of the paranormal in Elena's healing gift, suspense in the drama between Dougal and the MacLachlans, and mystery in Symon's madness and its origins. One can also find humor and some good family feeling as well. The mystery was well done, even keeping this reviewer guessing to then end, rather then figuring it out immediately, as is the norm. A couple interesting twists at the end of the tale make for a pleasurable read.  If Devil of Kilmartin is any indication, then Ms. Wittig has a jump-start into what is sure to be a phenomenal career. This reviewer eagerly awaits her next novel.   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2002. All rights reserved.     