 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  Golden Dawn has a special gift, given her by the Great Spirit of her people, the Cherokee. She has powerful visions, not unlike those experienced by her mother, New Moon. These visions have always guided Dawn on the right path, and helped her to help those closest to her. When one of these visions tells her that her dearest childhood friend, Raven Cloud is in grave danger, she knows she must do all she can to protect him. Off she goes to England to find him and keep this danger from harming him.  Raven has spent the past several years of his life trying to forget his heritage. He is a half-breed savage who doesn't fit into the White man's world, or the red man's world. His hatred for the unknown man who sired him has stalked his whole life, forcing his exile from the Indian town where he grew up, Chota Town, and the family who raised him. His anger is a curse, causing him to head to England to try and find the man who fathered him, then left his mother. When dawn arrives, telling him she is there to protect him, his memories of the young girl she was do not gel with the woman he has become, distracting him from his self-imposed mission.  Someone is trying to harm him, and the reputation as a sound businessman he has tried to build. Many of his merchandise warehouses had been burned to the ground, costing the business lots if money. He knows someone is trying to jeopardize all Raven has built for himself in England. It concerns him that Dawn had a vision and wants to help him. She is a warrior woman, who will stop at nothing to protect the man she has claimed for her own.  Dawn's sole purpose is to find and eliminate the threat to Raven, before it can claim his life. She has loved him her whole life and knows he is the only man for her. But he scoffs at her attempts to help him and remind him of whom he really is. He is drawn to her as well, but refuses to accept her Cherokee ways and does not wish to draw her into the danger surrounding him, or his quest for vengeance. Dawn knows they are meant to be together, her visions have told her so, but how can she make Raven accept that as well? And how can she protect him when he is trying so hard to avoid her? Dawn finds her biggest job of all is to convince Raven to acknowledge his heritage, before they can be together for always.  This was a compelling read, from the pen of Mary Adair. Golden Dawn is quite the warrior, willing to go to great lengths to protect her man. Nothing can stop her from reaching her goals. Raven is consumed by his hatred of the man who fathered him and scorns his native heritage. Only dawn has the power to break through to him, all the more reason for him to try to keep his distance. These two are perfect for each other, obvious to the reader, even though Raven himself refuses to admit it.  There is a good deal of suspense in this novel, and the mystery underlying everything is engrossing. One will make numerous guesses to who is the guilty party, changing their mind repeatedly, until the surprise of who exactly it is. Also of note, is Raven's quest for his father. One will be stunned to find out who it is, though in the end, the reader will be surprised at not figuring it out sooner. A touch of the mystical is evident as well, in Dawn's powers of foresight and her ability to sometimes bring on a vision at a moment's notice.  This is a good story, not as gripping for this reviewer as some other books read, but still kept the interest until the end. Ms. Adair shows promise as a writer and this reviewer would be interested to see how future books pan out for the author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2002. All rights reserved.     