 Courtesy of Love Romances Beyond the Call by Sandra Davidson Amanda Davis was a modern woman. She was a doctor who gave up practicing medicine in the wake of a life-altering tragedy. She joined her sister's archeological expedition at the Shiloh Battlefield and found a ghost. Kenneth Campbell was a Confederate Officer, who had been killed at Shiloh. Amanda uncovers his grave, quite by accident, and finds the mini ball responsible for taking his life. Suddenly, she finds herself thrust back in time, sent to rescue Ken and his daughter, Emily, from death. Amanda comes to realize she will sacrifice everything for the love of Ken. This is an intriguing tale by Ms. Davidson, using a slightly different method of time-travel in this story. The addition of a ghost or two adds dimension. Add a nasty villain and everything is here. The characters are lovable and the villain despicable. This is a pleasurable read and one can't help loving Amanda and Ken. Chances Are by Lisa Plumley Haley Madison is a genealogist researching the Chance family for a client. She is touring the old homestead of Matt Chance and picks up an antique perfume bottle. A wish and a prayer...and a dab of perfume later, Haley finds herself face to face with Matt Chance himself. She has been transported back in time to 1895. Finally, Haley has a chance to experience the love of a family that she has always longed for. Matt and his children, Rebecca and Jacob, are everything she has ever desired and she takes it upon herself to return happiness and laughter to Matt's family. Now Haley has to decide... should she stay with Matt's family or return to her own time? Another good story for this collection. Ms. Plumley uses just the right blend or seriousness, humor, and sensual attraction, between her characters. Haley is convinced no one can ever love her and Matt thinks everyone he loves will leave him. One will become endeared to Matt and Haley, and the children, from the moment they meet; and one will be cheering them on to a happy ending from the moment a more than slightly befuddled Haley meets an equally surprised Matt.  Come the Spring by Cynthia Thomason Joanna Archer is an interior decorator. A spur of the moment decision leads her to a garage sale where she finds an antique photo album. Perusing the book, she comes across a picture of Clayton Hardesty and is immediately attracted to him. Another sudden decision has her flying from Ft. Lauderdale to Atlanta to return the album to the remaining members of the Hardesty family. While crossing a ravine to get to the old Hardesty homestead, she is hurtled 100 years into the past and comes face to face with the man himself! Now she has to make a choice whether to remain with this family she has grown to love or to return to her own time forever. Yet another interesting tale to round out this collection. Ms. Thomason's plot mechanism for traveling through time is unique, but it works. The chemistry between Clayton and Joanna is immediate and long term, in spite of Clayton's refusal to believe Joanna's story. Lila, Clayton's grandmother was a delightful addition. Definitely a good story to read. This collection was a fascinating one. An interesting common thread between the three stories is the fact that all three heroines lack a family and desire one. Amanda in Beyond the Call and Haley in Chances Are, are both orphans, though Amanda does have her sister. Joanna in Come the Spring is an only child of a single mother, who died many years ago. All three want nothing more than a family to love them. Make the season a TIMELESS SPRING by reading this book.      