 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Angel Baker is not what typical 22nd century people expect. She's a Certified Retribution Specialist in Chicago, dealing out justice on a contract basis. Her life is full and she's happy with things the way they are, satisfying those more feminine urges with her favorite cyborg Humphrey Bogart. When her estranged mother comes to her for help, Angel takes it lightly, until Lola disappears.  Now Angel must track down the kidnappers and rescue her mother. Along comes detective Riccuccio Marco, who is working towards outlawing Angel's profession and he gets right in the middle of things, and under her skin. The two grudgingly combine forces to find Lola and find out they may have gotten more then they bargained for.   This story packs quite a punch, as does Angel. She is a kick butt, take no prisoners kind of woman who doesn't need any man to foul things up. She's confident in her way of life and is quite content with her friends and lifestyle, if not entirely happy with her family. Lola is a zany fortune teller, has her fingers into many more pies then would be expected upon meeting her. Marco is a throwback to the typical PIs of 40s era movies, right down to attitude and wardrobe. Then there is Mike, the Shaolin monk from China who is Angel's friend, confidante, and personal trainer.  The storyline is expansive with plenty going on to keep readers reading. There is quite a mix of sub plots that all combine seamlessly to create the bigger story. Readers will find run-ins with the mob, kidnapped children, a subterranean city, robots on every corner, and psychic abilities. Action is definitely the focal point of this story, not romance. However, this reviewer finds it refreshing to see believable heroines, with strong minds and bodies who are very independent. There is some romance worked in, but it is much understated so as to not overshadow the real story. Some readers will not like the fact that romance is secondary, but this is what the Bombshell series is meant to be.   Having never read a book by Julie Beard before, this reviewer has nothing to compare this one to, but if Kiss of the Blue Dragon is indicative of the author's skills, then bring on some more! It is also great to know that this will not be the only Angel Baker story, as at least one more is soon to come.   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2005. All rights reserved.     