 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Tracey Spadolini is a young Italian woman who recently moved to New York City, is stuck there for the summer. Her boyfriend, Will, an aspiring actor, is off to Summer Stock without her. She is absolutely crazy about him (maybe even a little bit obsessive) and can't stand the thought of being separated for three long months. Will sure doesn't seem to mind though, and this disturbs her.  When all of her suggestions for ways to remain close during that time - going with him, regular visits, phone calls, e-mail, letters - are oh so "logically" shot down by Will, Tracey decides to grin and bear it, convinced he will miss her as much as she will him, and he will keep in touch as often as he can. After all, he loves her as much as she loves him, doesn't he?  Tracey decides to put their three-month separation to good use, so as to surprise him when he returns. She will lose weight, start an exercise program, read classic literature, and save money. When Will comes back he'll be so blown away by the new her that he will never want to be apart again. Or so she believes...  With the help of her well-meaning friends and co-workers, and one guy who would be perfect if only he were Will, her quest for the new and improved Tracey takes off with a bang! In the meantime she learns a very valuable lesson...how to love herself.  This is a delightfully humorous read, full of belly laughs and groans. Tracey is obsessive about Will, to the point it would be irritatingly pathetic, if not for her quirky sense of humor and her sarcasm. Her friends are a riot, with every one of them having a different idea for how Tracey can reach her summer goals. Her boss is a jerk, but who hasn't had a boss like Jake at some point in their life? Will is the stereotypical self-absorbed bad actor who thinks he is better then he is and feels the whole world should revolve around him.  This reviewer, who has had her own share of Wills throughout her own SLIGHTLY SINGLE life, sometimes finds herself praying for Tracey to wake up and smell the cappuccino, and other times cheering for her in her decisions. This book will remind every woman of the string of Mr. Wrongs encountered as they search for their own personal Mr. Rights. It is almost scary how honest and true to life this book is. It is a fun read for a beach day, or a steamy evening in one's own un-air conditioned abode like Tracey's.      