 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Captain Ryland Miller is a prisoner. He and his military unit, dubbed the Ghostwalkers, volunteered for a top secret experiment involving enhancement of natural psychic abilities. All of them had some ability to begin with, Ryland's being the strongest. He is a brave and powerful man, loyal to his men and loyal to his country. Unfortunately for him, some are not loyal to such noble causes, only themselves.  Dr. Lily Whitney is the daughter of the scientist, Dr. Peter Whitney, heading the experiment, and she is not without incredible abilities of her own. When her father requests her assistance on his program gone awry, she is more then happy to assist him. She is confused by the information she gleans in her visit there, but the most shocking thing of all is her connection to the one called Ryland.  Lily and Ryland bond immediately and he sees her as the one person he can trust. He knows she is the woman for him and will prove that to her as well. Then... some of his men have disappeared, presumed dead, and he believes her father is a part of some larger plot to destroy them all and protect the knowledge they have gleaned. But there are unexpected side effects from the experiment - the men cannot control some of their abilities and suffer severe pain as a side effect.  When Lily's father is murdered, it is up to Ryland and Lily to resolve how to save the men and figure out who killed Peter Whitney... and why. However, long buried secrets come bubbling up, along with memories, making Lily doubt everything she has ever known. Also, somewhere, somehow, there is a traitor in their midst, someone willing to sell out on their country, their secrets, and their lives. Will Lily, Ryland, and the Ghostwalkers solve the mystery before they all end up dead?  All this reviewer can say is WOW!!! Ms. Feehan packs such a punch with this story it will leave one gasping for breath. She conquers yet another genre of romance with ease, proving why she is a master. There is just enough of a touch of the "paranormal" to remind the reader where she got her start. But that is where the similarities between this story and the Dark saga end. Unless one counts the passionate relationship between hero and heroine that is so hot it will light the pages on fire.  Ms. Feehan wields the suspense blade with ease, keeping readers enthralled and teetering on the edge, from the very beginning. The roller coaster of action rolls on, twisting and turning, riding up and down breath-taking peaks and valleys, until the reader doesn't know which end is up ... Or the good from the bad. This book is guaranteed not to disappoint, and will leave one begging for more. Fear not, another story is already on the way. This is a must-read book, only cementing Ms. Feehan's position as a genre favorite for yet another round.   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2003. All rights reserved.     