 Courtesy of Love Romances Anna Stanfield is a young woman with incredible psychic abilities. She has refused to use them for years, ever since an incident as a young child, which made her swear to never use her ability again. Her younger sister also has strong abilities, though not as powerful as Anna's. When her sister is stalked and put into a coma after an attack by a psychic vampire, Anna is left to pick up the pieces and solve the mystery. Ian McGregory is an FBI agent who has been tracking the killer for many years. He has reason to believe the man who attacked Anna's sister is the same person who has attacked women in other cities over the years. His stake in this case is personal... he has ties to the villain he does not want exposed to the world, for it would reveal secrets best left alone. Ian and Anna need each other. He needs her to use her abilities to see what she can find out about the psychic vampire and to draw him out of hiding. She needs Ian to solve the mystery of who attacked her sister and to stop him from killing more people. Through the investigation, Anna and Ian become drawn to each other, unable to resist the allure of their mutual attraction. Ian starts to realize he cannot use Anna as a pawn to keep his secret safe and find the attacker. He finds himself wanting to confide in her; even at the risk his secret will push her away forever. Can they overcome the odds to solve the mystery and find love with one another? This book by Shauna Michaels was a winner. It keeps the reader enthralled from the very first chapter and doesn't let up until the end. There are a few unique twists, which come as a surprise when the mystery is solved and the villain's destiny revealed. There is also a touch of sci-fi as well, in Ian's secret he doesn't want revealed. Ian and Anna work well together, in and out of the bedroom, matching wits and each having strengths where the other is weak. The complement each other well, and their love is strong, leaving no doubt in the reader's mind that they will have their "Happy-ever-after." This book was the reviewer's first one by the author, but it certainly won't be the last. If one is looking for adventure, mystery, and romance, with paranormal elements as well, this is the book to read. It is certain not to disappoint.  Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2003. All rights reserved.     