 (...) If readers want an engrossing, heart-stopping adventure novel, loosely based on a real lawsuit yet embellished with fiction, this book is guaranteed to fit the bill.  Jeannette LeFleur has just landed her dream job. Fresh out of school, she gets hired to work on a groundbreaking project, the Living Lens, otherwise known as the Epi Project, which takes donor corneas in eye surgery as surgical implants for improving eye-sight, like a permanent contact lens. She jumps in to the job full tilt, ready to make a difference on the project, for her supervisor.  Unfortunately, one of her first discoveries is poor record keeping for patient records, and billing. She takes her concerns to Dr Byron Rutherford, the lead in the project but he says not to worry and to do whatever she needs to fix the problem. However, the more she looks, the more problems she finds. She discovers there is a lot more to this than bad records and failed grafts.   With the help of her lawyer boyfriend Charles Carter, and her late husband's best friend Dr. Scott Fontenot, she uncovers more then she bargained for. They find serious problems, ranging from money laundering and fraud to "the body Mafia," which is implicated in illegal trafficking of body parts. Now her life is in danger, as are those of her friends, and everyone involved in helping her uncover the extent of the illegalities of the Epi Project. Will she get to the bottom of it and get enough evidence to convict involved parties before she gets killed?  Wow! What a ride this story is! It is an adventure from the first page to the last. The opening prologue sets the tone for what is to follow, immediately giving readers a sense of the risks Jeannette will be taking throughout the story. The storyline progresses gradually at first, slowly leading up to the heart of the plot, then steamrolls through from there. This book takes numerous twists and turns weaving back and forth and doubling back on itself, just like the snakes and lizards living in the Louisiana bayou.  A few different storylines all interrelated, but slightly apart from one another, are seamlessly interwoven to give the overall picture and just how much is at stake for Jeannette, her family and friends. There is also an undercurrent of love stories to be found, which adds another level of richness to the plot. But don't misunderstand, there is love and romance in the story, but this is most definitely not a romance novel, the primary focus being on the mystery.  Having read other works by Ms. Michaels, this reviewer knew what to expect in writing style, but this was a whole new genre at which the author could try her pen. Ms. Michaels does not disappoint in the mystery genre either. Her trademark of rich storylines with strong plots is very evident here. This is just one more reminder of why she is fast becoming a favorite author for this reviewer.  (...)     