 Courtesy of Love Romances Tee'ah Dar is the only daughter of one of the eight original ruling families or the Vash Nadah people, and the niece of the ruling king, Rom B'Kah. She is being groomed in preparation to marry Prince Ch Vedla, son of another of the original ruling families. However, Tee'ah has but one desire...to experience the freedom of flying her own space ship. She has been taking flying lessons in secret, until her father catches her, forbidding her to continue. Vash princesses must spend their lives in isolation, doing nothing but supporting their family. Tee'ah has a flash of awareness, seeing her spirit withering away, so she decides to escape. She steals a space cruiser and escapes to the frontier world of Donavan's Blunder, disguising herself and adopting a new name, Tee. Ian Hamilton is the stepson of Rom B'Kah, ruler of the intergalactic Trade Federation. Rom married Ian's mother, Jasmine, seven years ago and has since chosen Ian as his heir to the throne. Many do not approve of this choice of Ian as the Crown Prince, feeling an Earth dweller incapable of ruling the galaxy. So Rom has sent Ian on a mission to prove his worth to the Federation. This mission carries him to Donavan's Blunder where he meets Tee and hires her as his pilot. While on his mission, problems arise for Ian and his crew. There is an activist group on Earth that is vehemently opposed to Earth joining the Federation. Ian discovers the leader of the Earth First Movement, Senator Randall, is on a mission of his own to prove that the Federation does not cared about its frontier worlds and that Earth is better off being independent. So Ian and Tee alter their journey to find Randall and convince him the Federation of the Galaxy is necessary to all of the worlds surviving. Meanwhile, Rom has dispatched his most trusted man to go out and find Tee'ah to bring her home. There are many obstacles in the path of true love however. Problems and breakdowns abound on Ian's ship, the Sun Devil, and for his crew. As Ian and Tee race against time across the galaxy, their respect and admiration for one another grow...as does their love. But each is afraid to reveal their true identity, convinced if they do, neither would realize their dreams: Ian proving his worth to Rom and the Federation, and Tee her freedom to be herself and fly. Their destiny lies in each other; will they realize it before it is too late? This is a gripping story, fast-paced and full of adventure. Ms. Grant pours her heart and soul, and her expertise in aviation, out onto every single page. Her characters take on a life and vitality all their own. The plot and subplots are spun faster than one can turn the pages, keeping the readers intrigued. Her emotional intensity has one barreling through to a truly satisfying finish, except for one thing, the fact it has to end. Ms. Grant is truly a rising star of the genre, bound to reach high places in the romance world. The Star Prince is a must-read for anyone who enjoys a dose of adventure with the romance. This book certainly does not disappoint.      