 Courtesy of Love Romances Royce de Warrene was a green squire when he left for the Crusades. He was full of hopes and dreams as he set out, never expecting the horror he would find one night. He and his knight's band came across a sight from their nightmares...a whole village burned, animals slain, the entire population slaughtered. He has never forgotten that sight, not the young girl he rescued and turned over to a peasant couple to raise as their own. He remembers the young orphan's beautiful but haunted green eyes when he gave her his own cross for comfort. Upon returning to his homeland after a decade away, Sir Royce, now a knight of the realm, realizes he made a grievous error that fateful night in Vaux. The orphan is not a commoner, but is in fact Lady Juliana Mandeville, young noblewoman and the sole heiress to her family's fortune. Royce goes on a quest to right this wrong, at the request of Juliana's dying grandfather. Juliana does not remember much from that night which changed her life irrevocably. All she can recall is a young man who rescued her, and the cross he gave her, the only link she has to that elusive memory. She does not believe Royce when he comes for her, and is furious with him when he takes her away from the Church steps, just as she is about to be married. Juliana fights Royce every step of the way, but he will not be deterred from his mission. Mishaps and misadventures abound as she tries time and again to escape. Royce keeps right on going, feeling guilty over his past error. She has never quite given up hope that her squire would one day return to her. As they journey onward, their feelings for each other grow, and Juliana gets the sneaking suspicion she and Royce have met before though she is unsure where or when.  Slowly she starts having flashes of another time, but are they longings for happiness again, or her memories of her early years of life returning? Ms. Kirkwood has written a medieval tale that will touch the heart. Royce and Juliana have a bond neither fully understands and as a result, they fear it. Juliana's suppressed memories are very realistic for someone suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, as is the way they gradually start to return. Royce is ever the honorable and vigilant knight, putting the safety of his lady before his own. The colorful cast of characters, including King John and his young queen, the men and ladies of court, the travelling minstrel, and the villagers from the town Juliana has called home, all add to the story. It was also nice to see King John portrayed slightly different then history paints him. Juliana starts off as a spoiled young lady, but then who wouldn't after being taken away from all she has ever known and loved...twice! There is plenty of emotion in the book also. Juliana and Royce's exploits on their journey, and at the castle, provide plenty of laugh out loud moments. One will cry along with them as they experience the horrid night at Vaux, which alters everyone's life permanently. One mark of a truly good book is one that makes the reader experience all emotion first hand, and this one does just that. This is a keeper for anyone who loves a heart-rending tale.      