 Courtesy of Love Romances On her 25th birthday, Zoe Smith has the chance of a lifetime. She gets the opportunity to become a superhero. All her senses are heightened and she has to learn how to handle it. She gets it all...super powers like flying ability and x-ray vision and preternatural speed and agility...except the one thing her heart desires above all else, George Taylor. George is a private investigator. He turned to this career after his life with the police force was cut short by a sever injury to his leg. He hides all his feelings behind a gruff facade, never letting on how he truly feels about anything. Zoe is convinced he is looking for an average woman to share his life. He can never love a woman like her, who disguises her superhero tendencies behind the mask of a sedate school librarian. Or could he? Ms. Kenner has done it again with this delightful tale. Her characteristic humor is evident throughout every chapter. This book is full of laugh out loud moments. Zoe and George fly off the pages of the book and right into the heart of the reader. There they hang on with a tenacious grip to fast become reader favorites. The relationship between them is very sensual and is absolutely electrifying. The reader rides along with Zoe and George as they battle all manner of vile creatures. For they are in a race against her villainous uncle who schemes to eliminate all of Superhero Central and take over the world with his underlings made up of superhero "Outcasts" and evil henchman.  Through it all Zoe and George are drawn even closer as their passion grows. But each is convinced the other can never love them for who they really are. Will George and Zoe overcome all of the obstacles in their way? The reader gets sucked in to see if love truly can conquer all. As is guaranteed in any novel by Julie Kenner, the entire cast is made up of fascinating characters, right down to the amusing talking ferret. She uses vivid detail in describing her characters so that the reader can picture them as if they are right here in front of them. Also to be expected in any Kenner story, humor abounds throughout. The reader will laugh, cry, and roar in frustration, right along with the heroes. Ms. Kenner, already having proven herself in series romance, demonstrates that she can tackle the paranormal world with ease. She is a one of a kind author, on a steady rise to stardom.      