 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  A couple years ago, while traveling with her father's medicine show, their wagon is attacked and Elena Malone is brutally molested by a very dangerous Mexican bandit. Now, some time after the attack, she and her father are still healing, mentally and physically in some ways. Life has changed drastically for her with the birth of her baby, and she wouldn't give him up for anything.  Jeb Carlson has been defending his country for several years in foreign lands. Now, all he cares about is coming back home to America and finding himself a nice parcel of land where he can build a homestead and a new life, close to those he loves, friend or family. However, life sometimes takes unexpected turns and can change even the strongest of plans.  When fate strikes again and Elena's beloved baby is kidnapped by the same band of criminals, she would do anything to get her son back, even trust a mercenary she has just met to assist her. Now Elena and Jeb are streaking across Texas, following the trail of criminals to rescue her innocent child. Through it all, a relationship builds and grows, possibly leading them both to the place they never knew they were meant to be... together.  The adventure stretches across Texas and across the border into Mexico, taking one along for the ride. Ms. Crooks paints a vivid picture of the scenery, so that one will see the beautiful landscape as Elena and Jeb ride over it. The secondary plot, that of just what those criminals are up to, is explosive for readers as well, and very true to the time in which this story takes place.  Jeb and Elena are bold characters, strong-minded and with very full personalities, making readers feel as if they'd run into them in town. There was one part towards the end of the book though, where both of them act so out of character for how they've been portrayed, that this reviewer couldn't help but sit up and think, "what the heck was that all about?" It is so unexpected, that it can temporarily pull the reader out of the story. Even so, with this behavior to be so unusual for Jeb and Elena, it does work for the story, which is probably why things were written hat way. This makes them seem more realistic, as we all have been known to do something completely out of the norm for our usual behavior on occasion.  This reviewer admits to not being a real fan of western historical romances, and most likely would not have picked up this book to read on her own, had she not received it from someone else. However, this book was surprisingly good throughout most of the book, even for one who is not a fan of the genre. Well, once readers can get past the seemingly unlikelihood of Elena running into the exact same group of bandits two years later, that is. Once belief is suspended on that aspect, the book is fast-paced and exciting, keeping readers interested through the end.    Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2005. All rights reserved.     