 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This is an interesting story about the blending of cultures and religions of an ancient European past.  Epona, "Pony," is the last of her line, the only remaining female follower of the Horse Goddess. She has a unique ability of touch that bonds her to all leaf-eating creatures. This makes her able to hear them and communicate with them, showing her what they know. However, her gift is fading. If she does not find someone to sire a girl-child for her, the gift will die, unable to be passed on into the future.  Val is Danir...Viking... sent to the land of Saxons to help hold the borders for his leader, and to teach these people the way of Law, a previously unknown concept outside of Danir lands. He sees this opportunity as the final chance to prove his loyalty to his king, having failed in the past to set aside his desire to protect the weak, for the benefit of his King.  Val is in for a challenge when he arrives in Saxony. He sees a vision of Pagan beauty, white-haired, white-skinned, whom is near-worshipped by the people, even respected by the followers of Jesu. Epona is in the company of his enemy Albert, the idealistic boy-king of this land. Val needs her, as does Albert, to cement his claim as ruler. Both also need the horses to which she is bonded. Val never expected the desire he feels for this woman so full of strength and calm. Epona only wishes to birth her girl-child and pass on her ancient gift, but this wish is quickly complicated by the attraction she feels for the foreign warrior/Viking. How can she feel tender emotions for one of a believed vile race of people? As tensions build and conflicts mount, Epona and Val must decide... Work together and allow their feelings to grow or accept that their conflicting worlds will forever keep them apart.  This should have been an intriguing tale, but this reviewer could not become engrossed in the story. Though there is some strong character development, Pony and Val just didn't captivate attention enough. There are glimmers of what drives them, and the reader will feel their respective internal conflicts, but it just wasn't enough for an emotional investment in this story.  There are some fascinating plot elements found in the merging of two very different cultures of people - one with a developed system of Law and one disorganized where the "law" changes with the regions held by different land barons. There is also the interesting conflict of religions - Paganism as old as time, and the newly born Christianity. How they blend probably would keep a reader interested. However, there are several parts of the story that drag, causing this reviewer to lose interest.  Ms. Squires must be commended for her obviously intensive research into the time period, the cultures, and even the language. It is extremely apparent she did her homework before penning this novel. That comes across in her descriptive prose. History lovers will especially enjoy those facets of this book.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2004. All rights reserved.     