 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Wow! This story packs a punch! If readers want an incredible werewolf story with a twist, then this book is one that must be read.  Officer Jessie McQuade has seen much in her job as a policewoman, but strange things have been happening in Miniwa, Wisconsin lately. The normally subdued wolves in the area are striking out, attacking humans for no apparent reason. As she investigates deeper, more and more leads don't tie up, and many doubts surface. Everything comes back to the huge, lone black wolf she keeps seeing everywhere. So her practical nature causes her to turn to a professor for help.  Will Cadotte is an expert in Native American mythology and the logical person for Officer McQuade to turn to when an animal totem charm is found. He has a lot of answers, but even more questions are raised as he helps in her investigation. The things he talks about are unbelievable to Jessie, things that just cannot be. And what's the matter with her? She's inexplicably drawn to this enigmatic man, and he makes her toes curl in the most delightful of ways.  As things grow stranger and the time for the full moon, a rare Blue Moon, draws near, danger is more imminent and Jessie doesn't know what to believe. All of the evidence is pointing to something she can't even begin to comprehend or accept. Is it really something supernatural and therefore beyond her control? And what about Will, is he friend or foe, incredible lover or deadly enemy, man or man-wolf? Want to know the answers, then drop everything and read this book!  Welcome back to the paranormal genre, Ms. Handeland! This story is one of the best this reviewer has read in quite a while. The plot leaps and bounds forward, like the running wolves, but is not in the slightest bit confusing or disturbing. One will become entrenched in the story from the very first line, and want to keep reading uninterrupted through the end. The Native American mythological spin on the legend of the werewolves adds depth to the story, making it all the more intriguing for the tantalizing glimpses into those beliefs.  Jessie is a great character, full of sass and with a delightful, sarcastic sense of humor. One will laugh out loud many times as a result of her unexpected witticisms. Will is a hero to drive women crazy, tall dark, handsome, and yes he's got a brilliant mind to go with it! Who wouldn't fall for a guy like that? Jessie didn't stand a chance. Add in the very elderly police dispatcher, Zee, with the mouth of a sailor, who loves her job and loves Jessie like a daughter, a very frightening wolf hunter who may be more then he seems, and a score of townspeople, and this story has incredible life built in to it.  This story is absolutely incredible and the only bad thing about it? That it can't go on forever! Have no fear readers, there are already at least two more books in the works to extend this foray into the otherworldly. Ms. Handeland has a breakout hit with this series! This reviewer is one fan who will be impatiently awaiting the next chapter in the saga.   Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2004. All rights reserved.     