 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If one wishes for an intriguing historical romance, with some paranormal thrown in for good measure, this is the book to read. A heart-wrenching story told from the Native American point of view, this will keep one engrossed through the end.   Hiawatha Craft is in a bit of a dilemma. While waiting for his car to be fixed, he visits a local junk shop, and peruses their Cherokee artifacts. Something about them strikes a familiar cord though he can't for the life of him figure out why. After his car is functioning again, he ventures on his way to a nearby city known for its Cherokee history records, in the hopes of tracking down some of his ancestors. Much to his dismay, a tornado comes up out of nowhere, sucking him into itself and depositing him elsewhere, alive and uninjured, but over 150 years in the past!   Valerie Redhook despairs of ever being happy again. Her family and their village have all been rounded up to head west, along the "Trail of Tears" to their new home. Her people have long suffered on this journey, falling ill faster then ever as winter approaches. All she longs for is to do her best to tend to those in need, and to prove to her father she is more than capable of becoming Chief someday. When a man in strange garments appears and is put in her wagon with her, she is unsure if he is the answer to their prayers, or the biggest danger yet to be faced.   Hiawatha is in disbelief over his plight and his only thought is to find a way home to his own time. What follows surprises him. As he travels the Trail of Tears with the Cherokee he is amazed by the quiet strength of his people, and of Valerie herself. As with any long journey, this one is fraught with peril as they try to overcome their difficulties and find their destiny. He is drawn to Valerie the more he is with her, and soon faces his greatest fear yet. How will he leave this woman he has come to love when he must return to his own time?   This was an interesting look at one of the most heartbreaking events of Native American history - The Trail of Tears. This period of history is one many wish they could forget ever happened, realizing that the government may not have been the wisest at the time. The reader experiences the hardships of the harrowing journey of the Cherokee from the only home they had ever known, to a new place they have not yet seen. Yet through it all, the illness, and lack of food, the deaths of many loved ones, and a long cold journey, the people never lost hope. They believed that at the end of the road they would find a new home they could love, even if it never replaced the home of their hearts. The reader will feel their pain and sorrow, and their joy of life throughout the whole tale, and will find oneself wishing not to know how things really played out for them, long term.   Hiawatha and Valerie are strong characters. He has to overcome what happened, and find the purpose behind it, for he never doubts there was a reason such an extraordinary thing happened to him. Valerie suffers in silence, never complaining about her plight and the added responsibility now falling on her shoulders as Chief's daughter. She is proud of her people and her tribe, feeling the greatest thing that could happen to her would be to be chosen to lead them in their new life. Yet she deals with the traditional beliefs that a woman cannot lead, hoping to prove otherwise through her deeds. Hiawatha and Valerie are a good match, her quiet dignity the perfect compliment to his more modern views, as well as balancing his drive to return home, only for him to find out home is not what he thought at all.   One thing this reviewer liked about the book was that there is not the traditional good vs. evil plot. This story was a saga of the life of the Native Americans on their journey west, so there is no particular "good" or "bad." All of the characters were a complex blend, from Valerie's uncle, Charles, who is an embittered man, to little Sally Black Cloud, who shows the indomitable spirit of a child.   What was also nice was that the Cherokee did not rail at their fate, crying about the injustice of it all. They kept their pride and as much of their old ways as they could, in spite of what was happening to them. Hiawatha too, does not allow himself to complain about what happened to him, he carries on, knowing he has a purpose, hoping he finds and fulfills it before he must leave.   This was an excellent story, the first this reviewer has read by Ms. Troxel. It kept her interest and made her hope for more stories by this talented author. Hopefully, more will follow in the near future.    Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2003. All rights reserved.     