 Courtesy of Paranormal Romance Reviews Julienne Hunter has just completed rehab and is ready to start over with a new and better life. She had been at the top of her game as a supermodel until the rough life got to her. Drugs, alcohol, and anorexia had all been a part of her life, until the day her now ex-husband slashed her face with a razor knife, putting a halt to her career. She realized her ways of life had to change... And what better way to start over then to return to the family her mother had abandoned, taking a young Julienne with her. Morgan Saint-Evanston was suffering in a silent misery of his own making. He is an immortal, from an alternate reality, Sclyd, though born in the world of the mortals, where his practices in the dark arts were welcomed and necessary for his survival. After a violent battle where he nearly destroyed his one time friend and now greatest enemy, Xavier, Morgan abandoned Sclyd, coming to the world of the mortals and swearing off of his use of the occult. Though he escaped his world, he is still an outlaw, and is cursed with an abominable loneliness... and the loss of his soul. When Morgan came to the world of the mortals, he took Julienne's family under his wing. He taught them the ways of magic and the occult in exchange for them keeping his secret and protecting him. Julienne's mother, Cassandra, could not accept the ways of her family, particularly Morgan, and abandoned them, taking an infant Julienne with her. Julienne had little or no memory of her family, except that her mother hated Morgan with every fiber of her being. Now the time has come where the doors between the worlds would be opening, and Julienne's destiny is tied to that. Morgan has tracked her down, at the request of her grandmother, and is returning her to the world that should have been hers. Morgan thinks it is a mistake, but he cannot refuse Julienne's grandmother. Julienne is reborn into her family, infused with Morgan's own blood, without even being aware of what is happening to her. Once the family skeletons are revealed, Julienne embraces their ways, ready to take her place as a powerful priestess. As she is learning everything from Morgan, she finds herself falling in love with him, knowing it is a huge mistake. As events spiral out of control, with the opening of the other worlds, Julienne and Morgan are called over to his world to once again face Xavier, which is their greatest challenge...and maybe their ultimate destruction. This was a very intriguing beginning to the KEEPERS OF ETERNITY series. It is extremely well written and has a fascinating and unique premise. The plot moves along smoothly, keeping the interest of the reader through to the end. The story actually does not end, but just stops, giving a definitely "to be continued" feel, setting up the next book quite well. One will be very eager to see what happens next. Julienne is a fascinating woman, very weak-willed in her old life, but finding a new strength of purpose upon returning to the home of her birth. She changes and one gets the impression, she does a complete turn around from her old ways. She is disgusted with her ruined face in the beginning, but comes to realize she is still an incredible woman, with a special beauty within that had never been allowed to shine before. Morgan however, is another story. This reviewer had an extremely hard time warming up to him. Be forewarned - he is violent, abusive, downright rude, and drowning himself in liquor every night, as he tries to battle his inner demons. Some people may not enjoy reading parts of the story for that reason. Probably part of the reason for the dislike of Morgan, comes from personal experiences of this reviewer's life, hitting way to close to home for comfort, bringing back bad memories. But most will probably have an easier time accepting him for who he is. As the story progresses though, one finds the true reasons for Morgan's behavior, his is in an agony of life that he cannot control or overcome. His only reaction is to lash out, in hopes to make his own pain recede a little. He does come around in the end, when he realizes how important Julienne is to him, and just how deeply he really does love her. ECHOES OF ANGELS is an exciting saga, crossing from coast to coast, and world to world. Definitely a worthwhile read, it will keep one entranced, waiting with baited breath for the next chapter in the drama.      