 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  If readers are looking for a story that will snag them in its clutches and take them on an unstoppable roller coaster ride of adventure, The Bond Unbroken by Diana Grayson is a "must-have."  Katlin McKinnen is a police detective in modern Abilene, Kansas who has just lost a highly publicized rape case. She is furious that once again money bought the freedom of a felon, and is heart broken she couldn't keep her promise to the victim that justice would be done. When she goes on an extended vacation to rethink her life decisions, she never expects that everything will change irrevocably when she is hurtled over 130 years in to the past.  Mitch Cameron is a Texas Ranger in Kansas trying to find the people who murdered his father. When a pistol-packing female saves him from a bunch of hired guns trying to shoot him down, he realizes she is more then what she seems. Of course it sure doesn't hurt that she is the most incredibly beautiful woman on whom he has ever laid eyes. Something about her strikes a familiar chord though, and when she reveals a story too crazy to be true, he finds himself believing her story.  Now the two must work together to solve the mystery of who killed Mitch's father, as well as right whatever wrong it is Katlin was sent to the past to fix. When strange dreams begin to occur to Katlin, making her wonder if she knew Mitch in some other time and place, she realizes he is the other half of her soul. But will the strength of their Bond Unbroken through time be enough to see them through the dangers facing them now? And will it be enough to bind her to this time where her heart truly belongs?  Ms. Grayson has penned a riveting tale that will thrust readers back in time, making them feel they are there in the heyday of "cowtown" Abilene of the 1870s. It is obvious her story is well researched to keep facts straight and bring even more reality to her characters. The descriptions of sights and sounds are vivid enough that one can picture the town, its people, and hear and smell what is happening. Also, the insightful touch put on the very real threat of domestic violence, in today's times and in the past, shows the author's sensitivity for this often ignored crime. The reality of this danger is present in both worlds, as suitably twisted men would do anything to feel dominance over "the weaker sex."  This reviewer couldn't help but love the spitfire Katlin, with her fiery temper to match her bright red hair. Katlin is the modern strong-willed woman personified, sent to a time that doesn't quite know how to handle her type. Mitch is the perfect balance for her, a strong alpha male who sometimes doesn't know if he should kiss her senseless or attempt to control her spirit. And who can forget Uncle Ben, in modern or historical times? In either time or place, he is the father figure she needs, the role never fulfilled by her own father. Black Bart, her canine companion and best friend, is a strong character in his own right, never wavering in his loyalty to his mistress. Of course, the irrepressible Sing, Katlin's spirit guide and mentor, adds a lighter note to the story whenever he makes an appearance.  The only disappointing thing in this story is the poor editing found throughout, with strange paragraph breaks, misspelled as well as misplaced words, and other typos the editor should have caught. The story here is a full one, rich in details, emotion, and action, that will capture readers, keeping them reading from beginning to end, eager to see what will happen next.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2005. All rights reserved.     