 Review Courtesy of LoveRomances.com  As always, Ms. Jacobs delivers a sweet love story filled with humor to enchant her readers.  Marquette "Markie" Walkowicz has a little problem. She has Found and Lost, a dead body. Never a fan of Mondays to begin with, this one becomes easily the worst when she walks out her front door and trips over a very cold, very dead, man. Between the time she calls the police and they arrive, her dead man has disappeared.  Zac Marshall is a detective with the Philadelphia Police Department, and is Markie's best friend... or was anyhow, until she blamed him for her ex-fianc abandoning her at the altar on their supposed wedding day. What she doesn't know is the real reason Zac tried to talk her out of getting married.  Zac is on the case to track down Markie's missing corpse, which provides many chances to get close to her, hopefully showing her how he feels, and just maybe helping her realize she loves him too.  Only the delightful Ms. Jacobs can take a story about a dead body, combine it with a romance, and make it laugh out loud funny. Her humor is evident from the first paragraph and never lets up. The details used to enrich the story are vivid... so clear that the reader will wince when picturing the hideously ugly clothing of the dead man, grin over the escapades of Markie and company, and feel all the emotions of the colorful cast of characters.  Markie is a strong woman who knows how to hold a grudge, fall in love, and get revenge. Zac is a tough guy exterior hiding a heart of gold. Add in some zany neighbors, a closet romance novel reading policeman, a gossipy hair dresser, and meddling mothers, and readers will fall in love with this author's work, if not already fans. So sit back, relax, and prepare to be thoroughly entertained by Holly Jacobs' Found and Lost. This one is guaranteed to please.  This reviewer is one reader fan who never misses a story by the incomparable Holly Jacobs!   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2004. All rights reserved.     