 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Susan Gable once again proves her remarkable talent for telling emotional stories that will hit readers right in the heart.  Sloan Thompson has just relocated to Erie, PA from Ft. Worth, TX to be closer to his family. He's been a single parent to two girls ever since the death of his wife in a car accident. His 15-year old daughter, Brook, has been steadily pulling away from him, getting into trouble in school, and making it clear she had some emotional issues to deal with. He has hopes that being closer to his sister's new family and his father will help draw Brook out and maybe bring her back in to the fold of the family before it's too late.  Jenna Quinn is a free spirit who enjoys her single life. She is a "take-it-as-it-comes with no strings" kind of person whose personal motto seems to be "Eat dessert first." She is immediately drawn to Sloan, even though she "doesn't do kids" and always swore to not get involved with a single dad. His agreement to the "just casual" relationship delights is just what she wants, but something about Sloan and his troubled daughter tugs at her heart and she can't help but be pulled into their little family.  Sloan gets the shock of his life when Brook announces she's pregnant, and shortly thereafter, Jenna tells him she's pregnant also. Now he must deal with not one, but two hormonal pregnant women, and the idea that he's about to be a grandfather and a father at the same time. Emotions are high and family life tense, as he tries to help Brook make the right decision. All the while he has some heavy-duty decision-making of his own to tackle. Will the bonds of love and family be enough to pull them all through this difficult time?  Wow! This is an emotionally charged story that grips readers in its clutches and holds on to the end. Ms. Gable is known for covering sensitive issues in her books, while telling a moving story that always captivates. Be prepared for some intense scenes that will leave one reaching for a box of tissues while feeling the emotions of the characters. The delicate topic of teen pregnancy is approached with tenderness and skill, presenting all the options as Brook makes the hardest decision of her life. This reviewer cried buckets several times, in breakthrough scenes as the family comes to terms with what has happened. Blame is never placed anywhere and when Brook makes her decision, readers are sure to be moved beyond words at the struggle the young girl has gone through to get there.  Jenna and Sloan are perfect for each other. She helps him to loosen up with her free spirit and plays a big part in helping him to adjust to the curveballs thrown his way. Sloan is the balance to the roller coaster of emotions Jenna experiences before, during and after pregnancy. Without each other they are incomplete, but when they join forces in their love, there is no situation they can't handle together.   Brook is probably one of the strongest developed characters found here, from her willfulness, her anger at her father over the death of her mother and the role she is convinced he played, to her newfound strength and wisdom as she goes through the months of her pregnancy. One has hope for her, and by the time the story is closed, knows that she'll make it and be all the better a person as she passes from childhood into womanhood.  Readers get to visit with some beloved characters from The Mommy Plan, one of Ms. Gable's previous books, and will delight in seeing how they've progressed in their own lives. Other secondary characters play a big role as well, from Ashley, Sloan's darling 6-year old, to Jenna's best friends, from the father of Brook's baby, to his parents, and Sloan's and Jenna's parents as well.  Once again, Susan Gable proves her skill as a writer, and readers can look forward to yet another emotional powerhouse of a book from this author.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2005. All rights reserved.     