 Courtesy of The Best Reviews Kaylee Matthews is out riding her family's ranch one day and comes across a Lakota warrior who was wounded and left for dead. She knows she must help him, and does so while hiding him from her family. As she is helping him recover, Kaylee finds herself becoming bound to him, tighter and tighter. Blue Hawk awakens to find himself in a white man's lodge, with a beautiful vision before him. He is an injured outsider to this world and longs to return to his village and people. All the while though, he is drawn to Kaylee and does not want to leave her. However, his people need him, and he longs for revenge against the white man who broke his word, stealing supplies meant for the Lakota, and shooting Blue hawk, leaving him for dead. Kaylee promises to help Blue Hawk return home, getting a lot more than she bargained for in the process. Now Kaylee is the outsider among the Lakota, and must learn to live as they do. As she adapts to her new life, the passion between her and Blue Hawk grows...their love becoming stronger every day. Kaylee discovers she loves the Indian way of life, but misses her family all the same, hoping they are well. However, the Lakota are on the run and Kaylee with them. Custer is tracking them down, to force all Indians on to reservations and free up their land for settlers to develop. The Indians decide to take a stand and defend their sacred land. Will they be successful? Will Kaylee and Blue Hawk overcome the odds to remain together? Ms. Baker has once again proven why she is one of the reigning queens of Native American romance. Kaylee and Blue Hawk's relationship is so pure and true, each only wanting what is best for the other. The secondary characters are also a rare treat. The interaction between them and the hero and heroine is well done and adds to the story. Their growth as people is as evident as Kaylee and Blue Hawk's, but never overshadows them. The research that went into this story is unmistakable. One will love all of the historical facts thrown in. It was wonderful to read such detailed scenes, even the violent Battle of Little Big Horn, which is a vital turning point to the story. There is even a little bit of mystery thrown in, though this reviewer had it solved as soon as it was mentioned. This is a touching story, full of emotion. The reader will laugh, cry, scream, and grieve along with Kaylee and Blue Hawk. Their emotion is so powerful; one will feel how torn they are between their families and their love for each other. Ms. Baker's books are always a pleasure to read. It is known that each story will be unique...a masterpiece...and Lakota Love Song does not disappoint.      