 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Moon's Web continues the story of Tony and Sue, which was begun in Hunter's Moon, and is sure to have readers as engrossed in this one as well.  Tony and Sue had their deaths staged at the end of book one so they could go on with their new lives as members of a new Sazi (shape shifter) pack and not have to worry about their pasts coming back to haunt them. Now known as Joe and Jessica Giambrocco, they have begun to adapt to their new home, and have many challenges facing them in their mated relationship as well.  Almost immediately upon recovering from injuries sustained in his last battle, Tony is called upon by his old mob boss, Carmine, for a special case. It turns out Carmine and his wife Linda's special third party in their marriage, Babs, who just so happens to be the werewolf who converted Tony, has been kidnapped, but not by any ordinary villain. Her captor is thought to be another Sazi, who is preying on others of their kind. Only Tony can handle this case, with help from friend Bobby Mbutu, Wolven agent to the whole Sazi population.  Things grow more complicated however; as Tony begins to acquire new Sazi powers he can't quite control yet and has to adjust to his position in his new wolf pack in Chicago, headed by Nikoli. When more Sazi women turn up dead, and others disappear, all in the midst of planning a huge conference for all of the Sazi species, the situation grows more dire. They all realize the enemy they are dealing with is far deadlier then anything they've encountered in a very long time, and is a species they thought long obliterated. Can they track down the kidnapper before it is too late for Babs and the other women?  Wow! Ms. Clamp and Ms. Adams pull no punches with this story. It is darker, grittier, and more suspenseful then its prequel. Readers will love the world created in this series, and especially enjoy the complex society made up of shape shifters of every kind imaginable. The plot is fast paced, full of mystery, and drives onward to the thrilling climax that will leave readers breathless.  The authors' voice is truly their own, and that is all the more evident in this book. Though there is less focus on the Mafia world here, readers are given a glimpse into an even more compelling and complicated world, that of the Sazi. Yet there is still enough of the darker side of Tony's personality visible, and readers also get to visit with some old acquaintances.  What is interesting is that though Sue and Tony are the main characters again in this story, the underlying story is about Bobby and Asri, his mate whom he finds in this story. Seeing the reptilian Bobby brought to his knees by his love for the petite but powerful dragon of a woman, Asri, is a sight to behold. All of the conflicts arising between them are given full rein, through the newfound powers of Tony, who is still the storyteller here.  Readers, be they new to the world of the Sazi, or coming back for more, are guaranteed to be thoroughly entertained. This reviewer has become a diehard fan of these two rising stars of the paranormal romance genre. One will be dying to read the next chapter in the exciting saga.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2005. All rights reserved.     