 Courtesy of Love Romances Elias Donovan, dubbed The Iceman, for his lack of emotion, is quite the lawyer, having spent many years sharpening his image as a hard man strong attorney. His goal is to become a partner at the law firm where he has worked since finishing law school. He has no desire except to make it to the top in his firm and become well known for his skill in the courtroom. The only problem is... he works for a firm where family is the most important priority. When he is told he needs to find "balance" in his life... something other then work, like a wife, to keep him grounded before he will be considered for a partnership, he is in a dilemma. He has no desire to marry, so how can he prove he deserves the promotion? Sarah Jane Madison is trying to make her new interior design business a success. Unfortunately money is very tight, even more so since one of her clients stiffed her on the bill. Sarah turns to Donovan, her neighbor, in hopes he can assist her in a lawsuit against her client. The only problem is, she has no money to pay the retainer fees. Donovan's prayers are answered! He decides to ask Sarah to pose as his fiance for an anniversary party for one of the senior partners, Leland Wagner at the law firm, in exchange for his handling her lawsuit against her client. Sarah is hesitant at first, but then decides it can't hurt much to help him. It is supposed to be a limited engagement, beginning in time for the party, and ending as soon as it is over. Before Sarah knows it though, she is caught in the middle of wedding plans, for a wedding she won't be having! Leland's wife and daughters are so excited that someone finally melted The Iceman's heart, they can't wait to see the wedding take place. Sarah plays along, still knowing the engagement is a ruse, but feels guilty about lying to such wonderful people. Suddenly, Donovan decides he wants more then an engagement, he want a marriage of convenience, to cement his position with the firm. He asks Sarah to marry him, insisting it is only temporary and he will spell everything out in a prenuptial agreement, so no one loses out on the deal. She grudgingly agrees, thinking she can keep up the charade. However, she finds herself drawn more and more to Donovan, until she realizes she loves him, The Iceman, a man known for his lack of emotion! Now comes the greatest dilemma of all, how to show Donovan a wedding farce may not be such a good idea after all. Will she play along, knowing her heart will be broken? Or will she show Donovan there is more to life then his career? Ms. Jacobs has done it again! She has penned a delightful tale, full of her trademark humor and pure, sweet emotion. She has taken what could be a tired storyline - a marriage of convenience - and worked her own brand of magic on it, making it different and new. Of course, as said before, humor abounds, and there are plenty of laugh-out-loud moments to be found.  The characters are delightful, With Sarah and Donovan shining in the spotlight. From Amelia and Mac, totally in denial of their own love story going on, to Leland Wagner and his ebullient family, everyone is a joy. And also happy to note, Pearly Gates makes another appearance, known in other books for her rather long-winded but always funny stories, always with a moral. This reviewer never tires of reading one of Ms. Jacobs works, and is always pleasantly surprised with the road the tale takes. The talent evident is brimming over. It can't be said enough, Ms. Jacobs is making her mark in the category romance genre. Run out and buy a copy today, it is well worth it!      