 Courtesy of Love Romances Gabriel has just arisen from a centuries long sleep, deep in the earth. His first thought is to assuage his crippling hunger. He needs blood, and he needs it desperately. However, he is hesitant to feed for fear his hunger will make him unable to stop... and push him past the point of no return, causing him to turn vampire. In this moment of desperation she comes to him, making his world explode into brilliant color and emotion, as she freely offers her life for his. Francesca Del Ponce is a remarkable healer, having dedicated her last several hundred years to helping the sick and underprivileged. She turned away from her own kind centuries ago when Gabriel, her lifemate, rejected her. Ashamed she could not capture his love, she left her home and sought a new life for herself, one where no one would know who or what she was. Francesca set a new course, aiding humans with her incredible skills, determined to live her life as a human, avoiding detection by her people, Carpathians and vampires alike. When Gabriel stumbled back into Francesca's life, all of her well-orchestrated plans were for naught. Having found his lifemate when he was so close to losing his battle with the demon within, he was not about to give her up a second time. Francesca, unaccustomed to depending on anyone or anything, struggles with her newly awakened desire, while Gabriel tries to give her the space and time she needs to accept him. While Gabriel and Francesca are learning to meld their separate lives, an ancient enemy finds them during this emotional time. For Lucian, Gabriel's twin, one of the most powerful hunters of the undead, now turned vampire himself, has awoken as well, and his conflict with Gabriel wages on. Gabriel made a promise to his twin over a thousand years ago that should Lucian turn, only Gabriel will destroy him. So the game continues, sweeping them across Paris, in a dangerous battle where there can only be one survivor. Ms. Feehan has done it again as her saga continues to unfold in this, the latest of the Dark series. Her richly detailed world comes alive again with Francesca's and Gabriel's bittersweet reunion. Their story is provocative, a kaleidoscope of emotion and a whirlwind of passion. Gabriel's love for Francesca is so strong that he tries to be noble and give her the opportunity to accept him into her life, on her own terms, even though it goes against everything he knows. His instincts are telling him to grab hold and never let go, to protect her life at the risk of his own. That is exactly what this book does to the reader... takes hold and never lets up until the end. Just as strong as Gabriel's adoration for Francesca, is the agony he feels over the vow to his brother, to destroy Lucian before it is too late. Ms. Feehan's talent for weaving a thoroughly engrossing tale shines bright once more. Every book is better than the ones before as she climbs her way to the very peak of stardom in the paranormal romance world. With the introduction of even more characters in this book, she shows the end to her world is yet very far from coming. One will laugh, cry, scream, and shout for joy throughout this entire tale.      