 Courtesy of Love Romances Hannah Blake is one of the former residents of the Purgatory Home for Adoptive Children. She spent most of her childhood there. Now she is all grown up and is the teacher at the school in town. She is happy with her life, though sometimes lonely, and is content to go on living as she had. Her only regret was David... The only boy she had ever loved - the boy who had always been there for her when she needed him most as she was growing up. Then one day David, who now goes by Spirit Walker, shows up on her doorstep! David's half-sister, whom he discovered upon returning to his mother's Comanche village, was in a horrible relationship with a harsh man. She was beaten, abused, taunted and insulted for her Indian heritage, and her son by this man was in no better situation. He was ridiculed for being a half-breed, which raises David's ire. He can't stand to see his nephew suffer for his heritage, as David did growing up. He tries to rescue his family from this situation, in hopes of saving his sister and her unborn child. He was seriously injured and in dire need of Hannah's help. Hannah hadn't seen him in years, ever since he left town and his adoptive parents to live in his mother's Indian village. She has never forgotten all he did for her as children, and will do anything to help him now when he needs her. David too, has never forgotten the little girl with the sad eyes from the orphanage. So, knowing it could put her job at risk, Hannah will stop at nothing to help David and his family, even if it means following him into Hell, literally---a neighboring town full of criminals and ruffians. When trouble comes knocking on the door of their hideaway, Hannah and David will do whatever it takes to protect his family, even at the risk of themselves. What neither counted on was that the love they had for one another had not gone away, but grew and matured into something deeper and more powerful. David believes he can never have Hannah, for he was nothing but a no-good half-breed, hated by all, or so he thinks. Can Hannah prove to him he is deserving of so much more, and convince him his heritage means nothing to those around them? Will they overcome their differences to reach the happiness they can only find in each other? Ms. Betts has once again proven her talent for writing historical romance full of passion and adventure. This was her first foray into the world of Native American romance and she has done a remarkable job! One can see the attention to detail and the research put into this book. She paints a brilliant picture of the life of the times, so much so, one feels to be there. Hannah and David first captured the attention of this reviewer when they made their first appearance in Walker's Widow, leaving behind a desire to hear more of their story, and the love evident even when they were children. Hannah grew from the frightened young girl, suffering through the loss of her parents, into a stunning woman, strong and proud, who has never lost her zest for life. David was as surly young man when first introduced, but has grown into a powerful warrior of a man, though he still holds onto some of that surliness, until Hannah shows him the light. There two were meant for each other from the beginning, causing the reader to cheer them on to a happy-ever-after. Ms. Betts' is a force to be reckoned with in the historical romance genre, with her talent becoming more evident in each successive book. She draws out the passion of her characters, and plays on the emotion of those reading the book. This is a wonderful story for anyone who loves a good romantic romp, showcasing all of the elements necessary to a good book. One will enjoy this continuation of her Welcome to Purgatory series, and will be longing for more.  Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2003. All rights reserved.     