 Courtesy of The Best Reviews Riley O???Brien???s father, Carter, is on the brink of being elected the next President of the United States and she couldn???t be happier, or could she? Father and daughter had suffered through a tragedy twenty years ago when Riley???s sister, Caroline, and mother died. As a result, she has dedicated her life to her father and his political aspirations, swearing to stay with him through thick and thin. However, things are about to change when suddenly the nightmares from her childhood return. Jake Mahoney is a homicide reporter, only covering the presidential campaign to help out a fellow reporter. He has much better things to do - and far more important leads to follow than listening to a lot of politicking, no matter how attractive he finds the candidate???s daughter. When an exploding car bomb throws him into her path, and her life, things start to heat up??? especially when they both show up at the site of a suicide, coincidentally at the same time. Jake and Riley find themselves together quite a bit as events start to unfold, none of which make sense as they try to connect the puzzle pieces to see the whole picture. Through it all, they grow closer, and the attraction they both felt at their initial meeting gets stronger??? and harder to deny. Riley knows she should not get involved with him, after all he is a reporter, and her father is so close to his most sought after political goal; but she can???t resist Jake???s magnetism. Riley???s father and all of his colleagues are strongly opposed to her involvement with Jake, and he is strongly encouraged by his boss at the paper to stay away from her. However, the two of them are together more and more as the entire mystery starts to unfold, and everything appears to be linked to Caroline and her tragic accident. Someone doesn???t want the truth to be revealed, and they will stop at nothing to keep Riley and Jake from figuring it all out. This is an excellent page-turner of a book. Ms. Davis has mastered the art of suspense. There are so many twists and turns throughout that the reader is always kept guessing. This reviewer sure changed her mind repeatedly as to who the villains and victims were, and found the conclusion to be a bit of a shocker. The characters are very well drawn and realistically depicted. A reader will feel the emotions with them, and be on the edge of the seat waiting for Riley and Jake to solve the mystery. Ms. Davis has a winner here and proves that whatever genre she tackles, she will do so with heart. She is on her way to the top. One will be eagerly awaiting her next tale of romantic suspense.      