 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ailig MacLeod has just returned to his family home after finding his sister, and bears a message from the King that he knows his father will hate. How can he tell him that his beloved eldest son is dead from treason and the other two brothers were pressed into service in Robert the Bruce's army? And that's not even the worst of it... the real shocker is that Ailig has been ordered by the King to take over as clan chief, effective immediately.  Morainn MacRailt is a young widow who is content in her life on the edge of the village. She has sworn she will never marry again, but will remain free to live as she pleases. When Ailig returns, she feels for his plight but believes he will succeed. Her support means much to Ailig, even though she resists the attraction between them, remaining true to her vow to stay independent.  The situation has yet to grow even more tense, however. A rival clan wants more power, Ailig's father refuses to step down as Clan Chief until Ailig proves himself, and the doubts of the clan threaten all they hold dear. Will Ailig and Morainn's bond be enough to bring peace to their clan? And what of her vow to never love or marry again?  Laurin Wittig shows once again with Daring the Highlander that she is a powerful force in the Scottish historical genre. Her descriptive imagery will transport readers to the Highlands and the turbulent times when Robert the Bruce tries to unite all of Scotland. Readers will feel the wind on their faces, as they see and smell the winter snow along with the characters.  Ailig is a young man thrust into a position he never dreamed of having. His doubts are real, as are his internal strength and sharp mind. He knows his position is tentative and that many in his clan are hoping for his failure, but he never lets that sway him. He still goes his way and holds on to his desire to make things right, knowing that is the only way to earn respect. Morainn is a kind and generous woman who wants her independence, just not at the cost of others. When Ailig needs her help, she never gives it a second thought and just comes to his aid, knowing he deserves to be chief. Though she values her independence above all else, she surprisingly finds herself succumbing to his desire.  When Ailig and Morainn finally come together, their mutual respect, love and passion leap from the pages straight into the reader's heart. The blend of characters in this book gives a wonderfully developed story that will engross one from beginning to end. Everyone has their role to play, from Skaeth the mercenary and Neill the chief of Clan Leod to Duff MacDonell of the rival clan and Giorsal the healer. Without every character, the tale would fall flat, not being as beautiful as it is.  One can never go wrong with a book by Ms. Wittig and this reviewer eagerly awaits the next story.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2005. All rights reserved.     