 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  John O'Rourke is the defense attorney for serial killer Greg Merrill, AKA "The Breakwater Killer" and many people are not happy he's handling this case. When a brick is thrown through his front window, he knows he's in for a rough time, as are his Children. In the middle of all of this, John is dealing with his feelings about his wife's recent death, and her adultery.  Kate Harris arrives on John's doorstep seeking his aid. Her sister is missing; a possible victim of Merrill, the body has never been recovered. John is reluctant to discuss his case with Kate but finds himself drawn in to the mystery surrounding her sister's disappearance nonetheless. Although the meeting of John and Kate was under unfortunate circumstances, she finds herself drawn to his young children... and to john. She may be just what he needs to heal his wounded spirit. But danger is all around as they try to solve the mystery of Kate's sister.  This story is classic of Luanne Rice, though she reveals her darker side in the psychological undertones found in The Secret Hour. However, as this was the abridged version of the story, a lot of the details that should have really provided the darker feel were missing. Even so, the suspenseful air comes through loud and clear, keeping the reader guessing. The surprise twist at the end threw this reviewer for a loop as she was not expecting that turn of events.  As always in a Luanne Rice novel, relationships of many kinds are showcased. One will find the bond between a father and his children, the sometimes upsetting relationship of a lawyer with a guilty client, the love between sisters which is the strongest relationship bond in this story, and the love that grows between people proving that family is what we make of it, and is not always formed by blood. The tender feelings that develop between John and Kate are well done, making readers understand what is going through their minds as they form this unlikely bond.  ? Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2005. All rights reserved.     