 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  Jonathan Brighton was going on his first vacation in many years, for a chance to get away from the stresses of his job, but all went horribly wrong. While driving through Mexico, he is pulled over for what seems to be a routine traffic stop. However, it is anything but routine. He is shot in the head and left for dead on the side of the road. Six months later, Jonathon, who now goes by John, has had a rather miraculous recovery, but he has no memory of most of the events leading up to his rather uncharacteristic vacation. Just as John is leaving the hospital to go home, there is some rather shocking news uncovered. One of his partners was found dead, having disappeared right around the same time John left for Mexico, and John is the prime suspect!  Katie Cavanaugh is an undercover FBI agent, posing as John's physical therapist. She is on a mission to prove John's guilt in the murder of Derek Miller, one of his partners. She has her own reasons for wanting to solve this murder and doesn't want to let anything get in the way. From the moment she meets John though, she realizes this will be no ordinary case for her. There is an immediate attraction between the two of them, and though both know they should resist it, do they really want to?  John is a totally different man as a result of his attempted murder, parts of his memory gone forever and lacking the ability to perform even the simplest of tasks easily. While he struggles to overcome his injury, he must also face the fact that his partners in his business don't seem to want him around anymore. His only constant is Katie, but if he knew her secret, he'd want nothing to do with her.   Katie has her work cut out for her, she has to catch a killer and time is running out. For there appear to be many secrets kept amidst the partners of John's company, ones that the partners will keep at any cost. Suspicions fly and danger lurks around every corner. Through it all, Katie and John draw closer to each other, and she realizes he couldn't possibly be the murderer. When it appears his life is in serious danger yet again, Katie has to make a choice. Should she reveal her own secrets and risk losing forever the man she is fast discovering she cannot live without? Or does she keep her identity a mystery, and stick around long enough to protect John at the risk of her own life? What should be an easy choice isn't, when more bodies turn up along with many other ugly secrets and the people they thought they could trust reveal their true colors.  Ms. Davis has done it again! She has written a masterpiece that has it all: romance, action, mystery, and humor. She has talent for spinning tales that keep the reader guessing and eager for more. The answers once again, are not at all what this reviewer expected. Her characters are engaging and multi-dimensional. One truly gets a feel for them and everything that makes them who they are. John and Katie are meant for each other as anyone can see  Ms. Davis blends together an attention to detail, passionate characters, edge of the seat suspense, and a believable story to weave a delightful tale of mystery and love. Her talent improves with each book she writes. If Midnight Rain is an example, future works will be every bit as engrossing, driving the reader onward through the story, disappointed only in the fact the book has to end at some point. As always, this reviewer eagerly anticipates the next release by a master of suspense, Ms. Davis.       