 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  Meryl Carrington is the baby of her family, and the only one of five sisters who is yet unwed. All she cares about is proving to her father she is capable of running his railroad company. Her sisters have all gone off and gotten married, but that was not the life for Meryl. She wanted to fill the role at her father's side normally reserved for a son of the family. She finally gets a chance to prove to her father she deserves his respect as a businesswoman when a crucial sale is close to reality, which would cement her father's business. But her father has other plans...  Joseph Hammond was the son of Meryl's father's old friend and business partner, and had always looked up to Meryl's father. He had also been a special friend of Meryl all through their childhood. He has been working for her father for a few years and his heart was set on becoming president of the company. Just when it looked like his new position was in the bag, he gets a surprise. Meryl is all grown up, his childhood friend a child no more, and she has plans for that position as well.  What follows is something neither had anticipated. They make a wager... whoever can seal the deal in California for her father on the pending sale, would become the new president of the Carrington railroad empire. But as they are racing across the country, yet another surprise... they find that their formally friendly feelings for each other have grown into something more, something both were hesitant about but eager to see where it would lead. Will they sit competition aside for the sake of their newly discovered love? Or will the contest drive a wedge between them for good?  This was a good tale, but not quite as captivating as other books in the American Heiress series. This reviewer was not at all fond of Joseph in the beginning of the story. He came across as a selfish man who cared for nothing but his own success. Granted, the real motivation for his behavior was explained in detail later on in the story, redeeming him. But this reviewer could not get past her initial opinion of him. Meryl was a delight, however, her whole world being her family, her father, and his business. All she wanted was to make him happy and prove to him she was capable of running his empire.  The story in itself was appealing though. The bulk of the story was following Meryl and Joseph from New York to San Francisco. Their journey was full of excitement and adventure. The tricks Meryl and Joseph kept playing on each other were often amusing, always keeping the reader waiting to see what they would do next.   The desire between Joseph and Meryl was always smoldering under the surface, though they kept trying to deny their mutual attraction. When they finally give in to their passion, it consumes them both. Readers will enjoy this tale, holding their breath as they wait to see who will win the challenge. Also, one will love the fact that Meryl is a strong woman, full of fire, and extremely intelligent. This reviewer always loves to see a strong female lead who will do whatever it takes to prove herself, all the while never losing her femininity.  This story is well worth the time to read, in spite of the less then impressive Joseph in the beginning of the story.   Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2003. All rights reserved.     