 Courtesy of Love Romances Anne Hazlett was a lady's maid from England. All her life she has dreamed of a distant tropical island, convinced that is where she truly belongs. She and her employer were on a ship bound for India. Her employer was on a trip to find a husband; Anne was searching for her mysterious island. She hides her dreams and intelligence behind a faade of one who is extremely shy and not overly bright, longing for the day she can truly be herself. Horatio Merivale considers himself a failure. He failed his parents by refusing to settle down and marry a woman of his station in England. He failed at being a soldier by getting himself shot the very first time he goes off to battle, never even making it there. The only thing he is good at is flirting with all the pretty ladies, putting them at ease, and keeping his eternal optimism shining bright. When Horatio meets Anne on board the ship, he immediately senses she is not like the other ladies and that there is more to her than meets the eye. One evening on their journey, a severe storm comes up, causing the ship to flounder and eventually sink. Anne's employer abandons her to find her own way, after Anne helps her to get out safely. She thinks all is lost until Horatio happens upon her and rescues her. They escape the ship and finally get to a makeshift raft, holding a few of the others from the ship. While floating adrift, the castaways become very close, telling all of their hopes and dreams. Anne confides in them all telling them of her dreams of a distant tropical island.  Conversation about her island is what keeps all of them going, even while floating aimlessly for many days, until they are rescued...by a pirate's ship! This one belongs to the infamous French privateer, Chartier, a scourge of the seas. He immediately imprisons Horatio, keeping Anne for his "queen," having been told about her island, with a few minor exaggerations, and pressing the others into service upon his ship. Eventually, with a lot of help from Anne, they overturn Chartier, setting him adrift and taking over the ship. Now the real journey begins as they go on a quest to find this mysterious island of Anne's, convinced the "Hand of Destiny" will guide them. Horatio finds himself falling hopelessly in love with Anne, someone he never would have looked twice at were they still in England. But Anne resists his charm and allure, sure he will move on when he finds the next lady who catches his fancy. Now Horatio is on a quest of his own...to win Anne's love. How Ms. Cach resolves all of this is a real treat. This is another winner for the rising star Lisa Cach. Her popularity is ever on the rise and this book is an example of why. It is better than her last one, as they all are. The tension between Anne and Horatio is perfect and keeps the pages turning. Horatio is the perennial optimist (and romantic) which often grates on Anne's nerves, though she secretly likes that about him. Anne is bound and determined not to fall in love or get married until her dreams have been realized. The secondary characters are a delight, right down to Mango the monkey, who provides many comical moments to the story. Cartier is suitably awful and Anne's and Horatio's friends are a riot. Each one will endear themselves to the reader, who will be hoping for additional stories about some of them. Horatio, especially, is one to love, and this reviewer does. Ms. Cach is on a roll with her writing, making her fans impatient for each additional book.      