 Courtesy of Love Romances Allie Walker was a waitress in a diner and had generally poor taste in men. She had always dreamed of a life of money, flashy clothes, and grand parties. Then one night, her live-in boyfriend, Whit Richards, stabbed her to death. The last thing she remembers is a voice asking her if she wanted another chance at life. When Allie comes to, she finds herself in the body of wealthy socialite, Brianna Sinclair, holding the gun that just killed Brianna's fianc! Pete Hackett is a private investigator who was close friends with Allie before her death. He doesn't believe for a second Whit's story that a burglar killed Allie, though there is no evidence to support Pete's suspicions. He knows Whit killed her and vows to prove it at any cost. When Brianna strolls into his office to find her late fianc's real murderer, he is stunned to find he is attracted to her, a suspected killer. He agrees to take the case, counting on the money to finance his investigation to avenge Allie. Allie had always had a bit of a crush on Pete while she was herself, and now she has a second chance at him. She tells him her wild tale, and in spite of how bizarre it sounds, He finds that he believes her. They decide to work together to prove Brianna's innocence and find the real killer, as well as a way to prove Whit's guilt. But who does Pete really love - Brianna or Allie? And when justice is served, which woman will stay and which one will not survive? This was quite the interesting story. Ms. Wisdom sets quite a job for herself, to carry two separate stories in the book, and intertwine them into one tale of love conquering all. Allie is quite the charmer and Pete doesn't stand a chance against her. His dedication to her, even after he believes her dead, shows what a wonderful guy he is. The reaction of Brianna's family to her transformation when Allie takes over is pure shock as none of them ever expected such a change from the pushover Brianna had been. The conclusions to both story lines are more than satisfactory and the reader will feel that both Allie and Brianna are suitably avenged. However, the true killer of Brianna's fianc is more then obvious, as is the motive behind it. This was an unusual story line and one isn't really even sure how to classify it. Reincarnation, ghost? Even so, it is fascinating and will keep the pages turning for the reader, all the way to the very end.      