 Courtesy of Love Romances Byron Justicano has been alone for many years, living in a world without color or emotion. He is hanging on by a thread, in the hopes of finding his one true lifemate who will bring emotion and color back to his world. He condemned himself to a life alone, hunting the dreaded vampire, evil beings of his kind, when a huge error in judgment almost cost his Prince's lifemate her life. Until the day he heard the call of music... Antonietta "Toni" Scarletti is a world famous concert pianist and composer, living in Italy. She was blinded when a young child, by an accident that took her parents' lives. She feels an emptiness in her soul, that even her close relationships with her grandfather and cousins cannot fill. Her music is all she has that sometimes makes her feel whole and complete again. Then one day Byron enters her life. When Byron finds Toni, his world explodes with color and emotion. He knows immediately she is his lifemate and like all of the males of his kind, can do nothing but protect his other half from the moment he finds her. She is very independent however, in spite of her lack of sight, and does not exactly appreciate Byron's over-protectiveness, in spite of her great attraction to him. Some of her family also are suspicious of his attention to her, so begin questioning the strange attraction between the two of them. When strange accidents start happening at the palazzo, accidents that make it apparent someone wishes to kill Toni and her grandfather, Don Giovanni, Byron is all the more protective, wanting to keep her from harm. In addition, a dangerous predator is on the loose, a wild cat, killing townsfolk and trying to get members of the Scarletti family. Now Byron must make his move, binding Toni to him forever, as one of his kind, to keep her and her family safe. Who is the person trying to kill the family, and why? What is Toni's unique link to the jaguar stalking their home? Mysteries will be solved and answers revealed. Ms Feehan has done it again! She has written yet another brilliant addition to her Dark saga. Her loyal fans finally have one of the most breathlessly anticipated stories, that of Byron. He struck a chord with many of her fans upon being first introduced in her first book, and many have been waiting for his story. At last they have it! Byron and Toni's story will reel the reader in from the first page and never lets up its hold. Their passion is limitless, electrifying, in spite of their weaknesses. Toni has a hard time believing anyone could possibly want her for herself and not her money. After all, she is blind and believes she is ugly, so who could possibly want her? Byron needs her and loves her for herself, but Toni has to learn that for herself. Also of note in this story, Ms. Feehan seamlessly weaves three different worlds she has created into one, her gothic stories, her Carpathian stories, and her fantasy stories all come together in this story, making it memorable and showcasing her amazing talent. Very few authors could pull off such a feat, but she does it brilliantly. She also introduces readers to some new characters, and a new line of Carpathian blood, which will likely come into play in future books. And who can resist a chance to visit some beloved characters from past books? Ms. Feehan is a phenomenal writer, with lots of talent and skill for weaving worlds that will keep one entranced from the first to last page. It is no wonder she is one of today's most loved paranormal romance authors. If Dark Symphony is any indication, she will continue to keep her huge following on the edges of their seats, eagerly anticipating each successive book in this series, or any others she chooses to write. There is a reason her books continue to be bestsellers, and this book is no exception.  Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2003. All rights reserved.     