 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Louisa Clancy's life revolves around two things - her son, Aaron, first and her store, The Chocolate Bar, second. She moved to Erie, PA, pregnant and alone at the age of 19, when she believed Aaron's father did not want children and she believed she was not good enough for him. She made a new life for herself and Aaron, where she could overcome the stigma of being the daughter of the town drunk and be known for who she was on the inside. She was relatively happy until the day he walked into her store.  Joe Delacamp had just accepted a job in the ER of the Erie Hospital, moving from his home town in Georgia. He and the one woman he ever loved had had a dream of moving to the shores of Lake Erie to create their perfect life... together. Even though she had abandoned him, he had never forgotten her, or their dream. So imagine his surprise when he walks in to the chocolate store on Perry Square and sees her. If he was surprised to see Louisa, he was shaken to the core to see her son, staring back at him with his own eyes, the spitting image of himself as a child.  Louisa never expected to see Joe again, believing he had gotten engaged to another woman, and thinking it best for him to never know he had a son. Joe had spent the past eight years of his life thinking she had stopped loving him... that she left him of her own design. He may have missed the first seven years of Aaron's life, but he vowed to never miss another moment. So Joe and Louisa come to a grudging compromise, for the sake of their son.  Neither Louisa nor Joe had ever stopped loving each other, though both are in denial that love exists still to this day. Unfortunately, eight years was a long time to be apart, much having happened in the interim, and both having changed quite a bit. There are many secrets between them, the biggest being Louisa's real reason for abandoning Joe, and numerous misunderstandings that interfere with how they feel about each other. Can they overcome their past history and insecurities to be together as they were meant to be?  Another winner for Ms. Jacobs! This reviewer has yet to be disappointed by any of her stories. She has a talent for taking a common plot, twisting and turning it around with her words, until it turns out to be a unique storyline, full of everything that is characteristic of her books. Louisa and Joe are complex characters, full of flaws, but still charming and loveable. Both are dedicated to making the best life for Aaron, no matter what sacrifices they themselves have to make along the way. Both have so much love to share that it flows out of them in waves, making the reader feel for their plight and praying for them to get the happiness they long for.  The secondary characters are enchanting as well, from Elmer, Louisa's dearest friend, and the only father figure Aaron had known until now, to the hilarious town busybody, Pearly Gates with her rather unique stories, and her friends. Fans who have read the other Perry Square books, will be happy to visit with all of their favorite characters from the series.  Of course, Dad Today, Groom Tomorrow is chock full of the humor never lacking in Ms. Jacobs stories, probably one of the key elements she is known for. There are plenty of funny moments throughout, one of this reviewer's favorites being the "chocolate skating" scene. What does that phrase mean? Well one will just have to read the book to find out, and it is well worth it. It is not possible to be disappointed by this yarn.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2003. All rights reserved.     