 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  When readers met WLVH's "Punch and Judy in the morning" in Pickup Lines, it seemed apparent there was something more between them than had yet been revealed. Well, fellow readers, if you suspected, you were right and Lovehandles is their story.  Peter "Punch" O'Brien and Judy Bently have been partners on their morning show for a year now and they drive each other crazy. Their bantering back and forth sends ratings high, though since listeners love the interaction between the two. Something has changed however in the past few months, being noticed for the first time at the wedding of Ethan and Mary, the contestants from the contest WVLH sponsored over the summer, who found love in the cab of a truck.  Now suddenly things are not the same for Punch and Judy as they discover maybe they feel more for each other then just camaraderie and friendship... and business. Peter was burned years ago in a relationship with a coworker so has sworn off getting involved with women that he works with. Judy believes no man could ever be attracted to her, especially someone as incredibly handsome as Peter. But as sparks continue to fly and things heat up, will they discover happiness with each other and prove once again that at WLVH, "love is more then just a song?"  Peter and Judy are total opposites in everything they think and do, grating on each other's nerves all the while the friendship between them grows. Judy is a simple woman with simple hopes and dreams, never asking for anything spectacular. She moves through her life, content in the path she has chosen, even if she sometimes wonders whether she'll ever turn the head of a man who appeals to her. Peter is drop-dead gorgeous, full of charm that women of all ages can't resist. He's perfectly happy cruising through relationships on a very regular basis, never developing anything beyond a casual fling. When Judy starts to realize there is more between them then just friendship, it scares her because she is a "forever" kind of woman and Peter is a "just for now" kind of man. As readers watch their relationship grow and change, they'll cheer them on to discovering that what they really want... and need... is each other.  As always in a book by Holly Jacobs, humor abounds and brings joy and laughter to the hearts of the readers. One will laugh out loud at the antics of these two lovebirds and at the crazy events their boss has them participating in to boost ratings even more. Sparkling wit and sometimes quirky dialogue keeps one reading through the end of the story, just waiting to see what Peter and Judy will be up to next.  Secondary characters are always strong additions to any story by Ms. Jacobs, and this book is no exception. There is even a sweet side story that develops throughout the book, with a romance brewing for a couple of them. That additional sub-plot adds depth to the story, rounding it out to an even more compelling story.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2005. All rights reserved.     