 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ewan McLean is a grand seducer of women. All he cares about is enjoying the pleasures of the flesh and adding to his collection of erotic art. Until he grants the death bed wish of his uncle to right an old wrong, that is. Now Ewan is off to Scotland to grant this request and his life changes abruptly as a result.   Bride Cameron is the sole support of her family that consists of herself and three younger sisters. They make their living by doing engravings using their father's old equipment, and by a secret mission that could get them into big trouble if ever discovered. The last thing she needs is an overbearing man coming into their home with the strange idea that he should support them.   Sparks fly between Ewan and Bride from their first meeting, and those sparks grow into a burning desire as they journey back to London to try and track down the person who is forging money and priceless works of art. As Bride works her way in to Ewan's heart, he begins to wonder if his life would be better with her in his bed... as his wife.   Madeline Hunter has written another lush historical to delight her many fans. In this story she even gets to demonstrate her remarkable knowledge of art, which is the focal point of her career outside of her books. It is more than evident that she knows her stuff where the history of the art of printing is concerned. Readers will love to see the results of the compilation of both of her careers in this book.   Readers who have read previous books in the Seducer series will remember the carefree Ewan. It is delightful to see how he grows and changes throughout this story. Bride is a force to be reckoned with as well, with a fiery temperament to match her flame-colored hair. Ewan has met his match in Bride and watching the dance of desire between them is fascinating.   The plot of the forged art and money is brilliantly woven throughout the story, adding to the romance found in this tale and showcasing both Ewan and Bride's considerable knowledge of art. There are also enough sub plots to intrigue readers on many different levels. Readers will also relish the opportunity to visit some old friends from previous books in the series.   As always, Ms. Hunter has penned a passionate love story, rich in historical detail, that is bound to leave fans, be they new or old, longing for the next book by this talented author.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.     