 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  Lady Maude Darnley is known for her sharp temper and often, harsh treatment of others. What no one, save her father and an old healer know, is that she lived through a terrifying act of brutality seven years previous... one, that were people to find out about, she'd be scorned by all. She had once been a happy young lady who went out of her way to extend kindness to others. That traumatic event changed her in such a way that she was an entirely different person.  Ronan Fitzgerald is a roaming minstrel and healer who loves his lifestyle. He'd never be happy confined to one place all his life. When he made a promise to his dying mentor, he never realized how much that would change his life. When he headed to Aylsford Keep, all he had been told was to serve Lord Darnley and help Maude, with no idea of what that would entail.  Ronan discovered, upon arrival at Aylsford, that he may be getting more then he bargained for. He knew nothing of what he would be doing or how to help. Upon meeting Maude, he knew something was different about this woman, and that underneath her harsh demeanor, she held some dreadful secret. He did what he could to help her, until she felt able to trust him with her secret horror. Now, they can begin the real work of her healing, out of which grows a tender love that turns to a fiery passion neither can deny. As the feud grows strong once again, can their love be enough to overcome treacheries of the past?  Once again, Ms. English has proven her skill at weaving a complex story full of passion and adventure, with characters the reader will love. This reviewer was doubtful as to whether or not Maude could be redeemed enough to become a believable heroine, but as it turns out, there was no reason to wonder. Maude's portrayal is beautifully rendered, and the reader can't help but understand and feel for this emotionally scarred woman. It was also delightful to see Ronan finally get a story of his own, after the role he played in Laird of the Mist. These two people are fated to be together, for only then could they both reach their full potential.   Of course, as to be expected in a story by this author, the plot is rich and full of depth. It progresses at a good pace, and every character plays an important role in the tale. It was nice to see the heroes and heroines from the previous two stories in this series as well. They too, add to the story, and one never feels as though they were just added for the sake of a cameo or two.  Emotions of every kind are brought into play. Readers will feel Maude's terror as she lives the horror of that fateful day, and her frustration when she tries to finally remember, but can't. There will be happiness as she comes into her own again, passion as Ronan and Maude discover their love, and finally peace when all is resolved and calm returns to the characters.  One thing that this reviewer felt was never resolved was Maude's recurring dream and why she has it. It plays an integral, though minor part in some scenes, and Ronan tries to interpret it for her, telling her the reason for bringing it to its natural conclusion. Although the dream is finally fully realized, the final interpretation is never explained. This could be because Ms. English wanted the readers to put their own spin on it, but this one would have liked to hear it from the character's perspective, rather then her own.  As always, this tale by Ms. English will satisfy readers. Hopefully, this is not the final story in the series, as there is yet potential for more beautiful romance to be found for assorted members of both the Darnley and Kirallen families. This is one fan who will keep coming back for more, as long as there are stories to tell.   Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2004. All rights reserved.     