 Courtesy of The Best Reviews Damien Knight, earl of Winterley, is an esteemed colonel in the British Cavalry. He had been fighting in wars for several years, until he became afflicted with horrible nightmares and memories of his days on the battlefield. He had been living in self-imposed exile until he heard of his good friend's murder. Damien must now return to society to take care of his friend's young niece, of whom Damien was named guardian. Miranda FitzHubert has lived at Yardley School for girls ever since she was orphaned at a young age. She has never gotten over the horrific memory of watching her parents drown in a boating accident. She had been neglected by her family and deserted to remain at the school indefinitely but she handles it by becoming the protector of all of the younger children.  In spite of the reluctance of her relatives to accept her, Miranda has dreams of breaking out someday and making a name for herself as an actress, like her mother was. So she is more than a little surprised when suddenly her new guardian arrives to claim her, putting a glorious society life in the ton, within her reach. Damien arrives at Yardley School with his news for Miranda and is stunned to see she is not a small child, but a beautiful young woman. He is even more surprised to find himself attracted to her. Miranda is taken aback when she meets her new guardian and hears the news about her uncle. Damien takes her home to Hawkscliffe Hall to live within the protection of his family until he can find her a suitable husband. She has only one man on her mind however, and that is Damien himself. Miranda is warmly accepted by the entire Knight family and finds herself adjusting to this new life quite readily. Unfortunately, all is not well as a string of suspicious accidents occurs, making it apparent someone is after her, quite possibly the same person who murdered her uncle. Now Damien must track down the villain, all the while trying to fight his personal demons...and his ever-growing attraction for Miranda, before he can truly be happy and at peace. Ms. Foley once again has proven herself to be a shining star of the genre. Her characters are vivid and true to life, with strong emotions, one cannot help but feel with them. The attraction between Damien and Miranda is special; at the same time they believe it is forbidden, and very real. Damien's battle with his mind, caused by his time at war, is torturous and the reader is enveloped in his pain. When he finally lets himself be healed by Miranda's love, one will be drawn into their passions. This book is not at all light though, as some very serious issues, including child molestation and posttraumatic stress disorder are represented. Ms. Foley handles these with skill and delicate ease, never seeming overdone or too graphic for the faint-hearted. There is also plenty of action, which keeps things moving quickly and smoothly, finally leading up to a fulfilling climax to the tale. Each successive book is wonderfully written, better than the one before, truly a delight. This reviewer looks forward to the next exciting book in the Knight saga, which is expected to be forthcoming soon.      