 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Lori Handeland pens another winner in the Luchetti Brothers series, with this, the story of Bobby.   Bobby is missing in action, possibly dead, as far as his family knows. He's a member of US Special Forces and has been deep undercover for several months. He's about due for leave  when he finds out the woman he'd been writing letters to... the woman he loves... has married his brother. When a new mission comes up for a solo operation into Mexico to rescue a kidnapped doctor, he jumps on it.   Dr. Jane Harker is deep in the heart of Mexico, practicing medicine in one of the poverty stricken towns. She couldn't be happier with her life until the day a big burly man claiming to be there to rescue her, sneaks in to her bedroom and saves her just as someone tries to murder her.    Now they must journey across Mexico, on to Washington, DC and finally to the Luchetti Farm in Illinois. As they try to get to the bottom of the mystery and keep Jane alive, neither counted on the all-engrossing love that would spring up between them, changing them forever.   The mystery weaving through the story will keep one guessing through the end. There are enough twists to the plot that when the mystery is solved, the reader will be surprised at who is guilty. It's obvious the author did her homework when researching how the military works, especially Special Forces. A Soldier's Quest is packed with action/adventure, suspense and romance.   Bobby is nursing his broken heart when he meets Jane, therefore the attraction between them shocks him. Jane was happy, in spite of her overbearing mother, a US Senator, and perfectly content to live in the middle of Mexico giving medical aid. She has no plans to do anything differently, until Bobby saunters in to her life. The love that develops between them changes their lives forever.    This reviewer has been eagerly awaiting Bobby's story and was more than pleased by A Soldier's Quest. Readers have learned so much about Bobby from his family in previous books that they already feel like they know him. When he is finally reunited with his family, the emotions overflow from the pages and right in to the hearts of the readers. Fans of this series will love the opportunity to visit with the large Luchetti family once again, but will be sad at the same time, as they realize there is only one more story left to tell, that of Dean, oldest of the brothers.   If one is looking for a full rich story, with lovable characters and a swift moving plot, this latest one the Luchetti Brothers saga will satisfy.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.     