 Courtesy of Love Romances Konstanze Bugg was married to a much older man who abused her and isolated her from everyone and everything. One especially dreadful night, she just snaps and realizes she has to get away immediately. She takes several valuables from her husband's home, figuring she can sell them, and heads for Cornwall, to a small cottage left to her by her uncle. She longs to escape her past, yet remain true to the promises she made to her mother, an opera singer whose talent  Konstanze inherited, before she died. Konstanze takes only her trusted servant Hilde on her journey to freedom. Tom Trewella was Konstanze's late uncle's solicitor, settling the man's estate. He is also the mastermind behind the smuggling ring operating out of Penperro, which is how many of the townspeople make enough money to survive. Upon meeting, Konstanze, he is immediately attracted but forbidden as she is already married and he has no idea why she left her husband. Robert Foweather is the chief Preventive officer for the crown, sent to Penperro to put a stop to the smuggling centered there that is costing the King thousands of pounds. As he is investigating a cove one day, he comes across Konstanze who was there sunbathing on a rock as she sang. Foweather is struck by the beauty of her song, and her appearance, and is convinced she is a mermaid. Tom seizes upon Foweather's mistake and convinces Konstanze to play along. A scheme is born. Konstanze will pose as the mermaid and make an appearance every time Foweather starts to get too close to finding the smuggling ring. She will serve as the distraction necessary to let the smugglers operate as usual. She disagrees at first but later gives in, relishing the chance to play at being something more exotic and exciting than she herself is. This forced constant contact between Konstanze and Tom causes sparks to fly and attraction to grow. But it is all bittersweet as she knows nothing can come of it  as she is still married. Will they be successful in their plot to distract Foweather? Will they give in to their newfound love and find a way to be together? This is an exciting story, full of humor and comedies of errors, as well as plenty of passion to satisfy every reader. This book is different from Ms. Cach's other books in that it is not even the slightest bit a paranormal. It is also far more inspiring of lustful thoughts than many of her previous works. This book borders on erotica in a few scenes and is definitely enjoyable to read. The characters are enchanting and will all attract plenty of attention. From the beautiful and talented Konstanze and the intelligent mastermind Tom, to the soulful vicar Matt and the formidable Hilde, and even the bumbling but comedic Foweather, there is bound to be a favorite for everyone. Ms. Cach never detracts from the primary storyline, even with all of the side line plots happening at the same time. Having read all but one of Ms. Cach's previous works, this reviewer has seen a marked improvement to the talents in each one, Mermaid of Penperro being the best to date. Ms. Cach is well on the rise to stardom in the genre, guaranteed to become a powerhouse of the romance market in the not to distant future. Each and every book is a delight, bound to be a keeper. The reader will certainly be looking forward to each future book.      