 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Caitlyn McKenna continues her compelling gothic saga in Descent of Demons, the second book in the trilogy.  This story begins where Echoes of Angels left off, with Julienne Blackthorne thought dead and her lover Morgan Saint-Evanston chasing after his nemesis, Xavier D'Shagre. Julienne had been abandoned and though near death, with a dreadful daemon coming to life within her chest, she had an incredible will to live and find Morgan, her only hope of survival in the harsh world of Sclyd.   Morgan had always scorned his birthright, turning his back on his magickal half after the death which caused the burning hatred between he and Xavier to be born. He believes Julienne is lost and cannot forgive himself for the tragic end which became her. Now he awakens his powers once more, knowing he'll need them in the coming battle which could spell the end of his world.  Xavier has found the key to using the greatest of all magickal forces, and hopes to unlock the secrets of the Scrolls of Cachaen to claim that untold power, to regenerate himself, and to gain control of all three worlds: that of humans, that of Sclyd, and that of the spirit realm. Morgan and Julienne must find each other before it's too late, and use his powers and hers- soon- to- be- gained, to defeat Xavier and prevent the hell he intends to unleash. Time is against Julienne and Morgan, but will they achieve success before it is too late?  Once again, Ms. McKenna welcomes readers into the world of her imagination, where magick reigns, both good and ill. She has created such vivid imagery that readers will be drawn into the scenery, from the beautiful forests of Danarra, to the twisted realm of the Cult of Ouroborous (the Dragon), to the underground caverns of Erabris. One will see it all, and feel the heat or chill so clearly that it is as if being present there.  The magick found, both white and black, is so clear, so crisp, with rituals defined, that one will believe such things as described do in fact exist. The cult's evil is felt and experienced along with the fictional participants and it is almost expected that the powers unleashed can reach beyond the pages of the book to taint this world.  Julienne and Morgan's relationships grows in this chapter of the saga, giving more understanding as to why they are drawn to one another, in spite of the huge emotional burdens and flaws they each carry. Julienne comes into her strengths more in this story, and her path to learning more about her legacy, and overcoming her past, will intrigue readers and make them long to know more about her. Morgan is more an antihero then hero, but readers will empathize with him, as they come to learn more about his reasons for turning to the vices he did. His whole desire in life is to overcome his corrupted history, to get past the sick things he learned at his father's knee. His twin sister Megwyn, is seen more in this story as well, and though her role is more behind the scenes here, it is evident that she will come into play much more in the third book in the series. One gets the feeling her ultimate showdown with Morgan will forever change their world, and determine if good or evil shall win the war.  This story will be much better understood by people who have read the first story in the trilogy before this one, but it can stand alone as a separate book as well. In short, the progression of the saga is brilliantly continued, and will make fans, be they new or old, stand up and take notice of Ms. McKenna's talent, while awaiting the final, sure to be breathtaking chapter, in the series.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2004. All rights reserved.     