 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ever wondered what really goes on in the dark underworld of some of the most infamous cities in the US? Well, this tale will tell you one interesting perspective.   Cyra Delphin is special... so special in fact, she has never really felt like she belonged in society. She was a selkie, one of the water people, whose family had always denied her abilities and traits unique to her kind. Nonetheless, she had made some place for herself in the world, and if she wasn't happy, she was, at least content. Until the day her world fell apart.... Forcing her to flee for her safety into the deserts of Nevada, the last place a selkie should be.   Thomas Marrowbone also was special, being fey himself, but he was not just any fey. He was a very unique one, with amazing abilities that he kept under tight rein for fear of what he'd do with them. He was also on the run, trying to keep alive while he completed his mission. He had to infiltrate the Goblin hive in Las Vegas, destroying their Queen and her lair, before her heinous plot could be completed, wiping out the entire state of California.   When these two meet up in the desert, Thomas is in sad shape and sorely in need Cyra's help. These two discover that if there is to be any hope for the human race, and the magical one as well, they must work together to destroy their enemies. Along the way, they find passion and adventure and that all is not what it appears to be. Will they defeat the evil Goblin Queen Lilith and her minions? Will their courage and strength be enough? Will they overcome the hurdles in their way to find the love they are destined for? Only one way to find out... Enter the Goblin lair... if you dare.   Ms. Jackson shows once again that her talent for writing incredible tales and making them believable is far from exhausted. She, as always, is challenging the boundaries of romantic fiction, creating new worlds and genres with her novels. Whoever would have imagined Goblins would play such a large role in romance? Strange, yes, but it sure works here. The story is captivating, from the first line to the last. It is full of dips and rises, one adventure ebbing seamlessly into the next, until the heart-stopping climax, which will surprise the reader.   Thomas and Cyra are memorable characters, believable and full of life. Their attraction is immediately obvious, and when they come together, the pages of the book spontaneously combust, singeing the fingers of the reader. They are two of a kind, lost in a society that would deny their very existence if it could. Lilith is grotesquely evil, making one despise her completely for what she is. Also, fans will be happy to see some characters for the previous book in the Wildside Romance series, Traveler, make cameo appearances to aid our heroes.   What a delight this book is! While this book is first and foremost a romance, enough other details are woven in, so that it continues to explore a whole new world that will enthrall fantasy lovers as well. Bravo! Ms. Jackson for creating a story that readers can really sink their teeth into and enjoy, making them impatient for what comes next. Fear not, the third book in the series, The Courier, will be arriving in book stores early 2004. If it is anything like this one, it is sure to be a winner.    Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2003. All rights reserved.     