 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Fans of Ms. Fuhrmann's fairy godmother series will be more then satisfied with this, the conclusion to the story.  Fern, Myrtle, and Blossom have been fairy godmothers forever, their most recent successes being with the Aaronson family of Erie, PA. When they are condemned to life as humans, with none of their powers to help, things get very interesting for them. Though their methods have always been unorthodox, they've never failed one of their charges. Now they are the charges, and they are in for a surprise. The grandmotherly personas they've adopted to make their jobs easier have also been stripped away, and the three are in their true forms, drop dead gorgeous women!  The next six months proves to be an eye-opening experience for all of them. They each find new things to do that they enjoy, as individuals rather then a team. Their new lives also bring them the one thing they've never had, their own special kind of love with wonderful men to bring them the happy-ever-afters always granted to others. But what will Blossom, Fern, and Myrtle choose when their time is up? Will they continue to live in this world with the men they love, or will they go back to Fairyland and the lives they've always known?  As always, Ms. Fuhrmann charms her readers with a delightful story, full of her trademark wit and humor. Each of the three sisters are unique individuals and the paths they choose to take, as well as the men they come to love reflect that. What is interesting to this reviewer, is that there almost seems to be a change in the three, as to which of them is the strongest. The one who always came across as the least strong, the least independent before shows her true colors in this book and lets everyone see just of what she really is made.  The three stories in this book totally intertwine, as well as keeping their uniqueness, through to the end of the book. The men they fall for are perfect complements to them, and there is even a cute surprise at the end. Anyone who has read the first three books in this series will love how those characters come back to visit in this book. Whether new fans of the series or old ones, this story is guaranteed to please one and all. Be sure to get a copy today and see how the indomitable fairy godmothers three get the happiness they've long deserved.   Kelley A. Hartsell, April 2004. All rights reserved.     