 Courtesy of Love Romances Dr. Elizabeth Douglas is a genius, an expert in criminology, and a professor at Heathrow College. The college is an exclusive all girls' school where Elizabeth is no older then many of her students, having graduated at a very young age. She is haunted by a mystery though. Five years ago, when in the local graveyard legendary for its ghost, McFarland Leary, with her friends for a sorority initiation, one of them was abducted and brutally tortured. Claire managed to escape with her life intact, but her mind shattered and Elizabeth has always blamed herself for her predicament. Cullen Ryan is the newest detective on the local police force. He grew up in Moriah's Landing as the local bad boy, known for his exploits, until he dropped out of school and headed for Boston. He has since cleaned up his life and returned home, just in time to take on the most difficult case of his career. Dead bodies have started turning up in town, both victims being young students at Heathrow. Elizabeth found them both, almost as if the killer intended for that to happen. Both corpses had also been drained entirely of blood and carefully preserved. It appears that a serial killer is on the loose and Cullen and Elizabeth must work together to solve the mystery, before the murderer can strike again. Elizabeth has secretly been in love with Cullen for years, but he still sees her as no more than a child, or does he? When the killer targets Elizabeth for his macabre plans, Cullen must use every ounce of skill he possesses to protect her, all the while finding himself fascinated with the attractive young woman she has become. Are these latest murders the victim of a legendary ghost said to rise every five years? Are they linked to Claire's abduction and a series of murders from 20 years ago? Will Elizabeth and Cullen solve the mystery, save her life, and be together? This introduction to the town of Moriah's Landing is a unique and delightful story. Ms. Stevens shows her magic of writing tales to snare the reader. She weaves intrigue, believable characters, legends and emotion together seamlessly for an engrossing read. Myth and logic come together, drawing one into the lives of the townspeople, leaving the reader to beg for more. Several plot lines are left unanswered, assumed to be resolved in one of the three books continuing the series. One warning however, expect the unexpected when entering Moriah's Landing. This reviewer enjoyed her visit and looks forward to returning again later.      