 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  How to Catch a Groom  Seth Rutherford was just about to be married. He was one day away from tying the knot with fellow professor at Gannon University, Mary Kathryn O'Malley. He had dreams of them being perfect partners in everything, from marriage to research out on Lake Erie. So he is stunned when at the wedding, his bride-to-be ditches him just as she is about to say "I do." He never saw it coming, and thought she was as happy about their partnership as he was.  Desi Smith was the wedding coordinator for this bridal disaster. She feels for Seth, and tries to convince him to carry on with the reception anyhow, since everyone is there and everything is ready. Desi has had a crush on Seth since their high school days, so her heart goes out to him as he is humiliated in front of everyone. And when he gets totally drunk at the reception that wasn't, she takes it upon herself to make sure he gets home safely, not expecting to have anything to do with him after that.  Until she gets in a bind...  When Desi's assistant gets a chance of a lifetime the day before her next job, she is stuck and can't think of anyone to help her out. Her parents won't help as they have never made a secret of the fact they thought she was wasting her God-given talents in her chosen career. So her only choice is to call Seth, and hope he will help her out. He agrees, not realizing what he is agreeing to, and he is horrified to find out what she needed him for, saying she owes him for that one.  His return favor is that he asks her assistance to collect samples out on Lake Erie. She agrees and while out, she decides to get him to have some fun no matter what it takes. Seth is a stodgy professor, obsessed with his work and the logic of the scientific world. He swore to never let emotion get the better of him, having seen his parents, two overly emotional people who fight... and make up loudly and with abandon. Desi is a true romantic, who is all about having fun and enjoying life. As the two of them spend more time together, they grow more attracted to each other, finding it harder and harder to resist the magnetic pull between them. Seth has difficulties dealing with Desi's passion for life thinking there is no rhyme or reason to it. But the more he is with her, the more he realizes that maybe having zest for life - and each other - isn't such a bad idea after all.  Ms. Jacobs has done it again! Her own love of life and finding the humor in it comes through in this story, and the lives of Seth and Desi. Her love of the town she calls home is also obvious, in that this story, as are all of her books, is set in Erie, PA. Seth and Desi's opposition in everything provides numerous moments of hilarity for the reader. Her attempts to make him see the finer things in life are sometimes met with disastrous results, but that doesn't stop her from trying. Seth's insistence that everything in the world has some sort of logical explanation drives her to distraction; all the while it endears him to her even more.   Those readers who desire some lightness with their romance will find that How to Catch a Groom does not disappoint. Seth and Desi are made for each other, even though it takes him a while to figure that out. But the journey to that discovery makes it all the more wonderful when he does. Logic and emotion both have a place in life... and love. Ms. Jacobs' story proves that, and it is a delightful one. She is a wonderfully talented author who is making her mark in romance. Why not try a few others of her books as well? There is even one in the works, where the reader will find some favorite characters from this story come to life again.    Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2002. All rights reserved.  The Great Bridal Escape  "A fantasy is a terrible thing to waste." With that thought Mary Kathryn O'Malley is introduced. It is the week before her pending nuptials and she has been dreaming her own particular fantasy every night. Thinking it is just excitement of the wedding night and honeymoon to come, she decides to enjoy it and go with the flow. She decided to marry a fellow professor/research scientist from Gannon University, Seth Rutherford, expecting a happy partnership. But at her wedding rehearsal, all of her intentions fly out the Church windows when she sees.... Him!  Tony Donetti is Seth's closest friend, and best man in the wedding. He just got engaged himself to long-time friend, Cara Romano. However, he is not entirely sure he made the right decision. He loves her, of that he is certain, but the sparks he always thought he'd find with the woman he'd marry are noticeably absent. Then he sees her....  From the moment Tony arrives at the wedding rehearsal and literally bumps into Mary Kathryn, she begins to worry that maybe she is making a mistake. When her fantasy dream occurs again the night before her wedding, and the dream man is seen for the first time - with Tony's face - she knows the wedding is a mistake. As she is about to say "I do" and it comes out "I don't," she bolts down the aisle and out of the Church. She hides out in a car in the parking lot until the owner arrives, and ends up falling asleep.  As Tony is driving home to Houston from the almost-wedding, no one is more surprised then he when Mary Kathryn, Kate as he calls her, pops her head up out of the back of his car. Tony ends up taking the unwanted stowaway home with him, figuring that way he can keep an eye on her until she comes to her senses. But his noble sacrifice is put to the test when he finds himself desiring Kate for himself, with the feeling being mutual, rather then his fiance Cara. Now the test of wills between Tony and Kate begins: She wants to win him and he wants to resist. Who will the winner be?  Ms. Tucker has a winner on her hands. This story is full of humor and hilarity. Kate and Tony are at odds from the minute they meet, but that doesn't stop the sparks from flying. Kate is completely logical and analytical, whereas Tony is more of an emotional, "take it as it comes" kind of guy. Some of the most amusing scenes occur in Tony's "Irish Pub and Sushi Bar" where Kate, with her medical background, tries to convince Tony...and all of his customers, that sushi is very unhealthy and actually dangerous to eat. One can't help but laugh at the comedy of their arguments, in hearing range of all the customers and employees. Also hilarious is the irony of Tony, a full-blooded Italian, who just happens to be allergic to tomatoes, much to the dismay of his mother.  Tony tries to be noble through everything, putting Kate up in his home, finding her a job in his restaurant, and rotating her from job to job as she doesn't work out in each one. Kate is happy to be free and enjoys her life with Tony in Houston. Her attempts to convince him to live a little, instead of being engrossed in his career, at the same time she tries to prove to him she really does love him, provide some life to the tale as well.  Ms. Tucker proves she has talent for finding the fun in everything and that comes across in the story, causing numerous laugh-out-loud moments for the reader. The Great Bridal Escape is this reviewer's first foray into Ms. Tucker's world and is delighted to say this won't be the last; she has become a "must-read." Good news as well... it has been revealed that there is already another Duets in the works for Ms. Tucker and Ms. Jacobs, where some beloved characters from this story will return in stories of their own. This is one reader who eagerly awaits that book!   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2002. All rights reserved.     