 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Holly Jacobs has written yet another sweet romance that readers will love.   Cara Phillips has a wedding to plan... a double wedding. However, this one has to be kept secret, as it is to be a private wedding. Her two best friends have found their Prince Charmings. Parker Dillon, princess of Eliason is returning home to be wed. Shey Carlson is coming also, to marry her very own Prince Tanner, Parker's former betrothed. Now only Cara remains to find love... or does she?   Three months ago on a magical night back home in Erie, PA, Cara met a stranger with whom she had an immediate connection. One night of passion has resulted in a pregnancy. Believing her lover had abandoned her after a one-night stand, she is resigned to being a single mother... until she steps off the plane in Eliason and sees him.   Prince Michael Dillonetti, Parker's brother, had gone to the US to bring his sister home. While there, he met a woman and it was love at first sight. He never knew her name but has been searching for her ever since. He's stunned to find his mystery woman is one of Parker's best friends. He's even more shocked to learn she's carrying his child. He vows not to let her get away again, but can he convince her he loves her and that the only answer for him is "happy ever after?"   As with any book by Holly Jacobs, readers will find engaging characters that are so real one would expect to see them in town. Cara is a kind woman who is very soft spoken and would do anything for her friends. In fact, she'll help out anyone she feels is in need. Her every thought is for everyone but herself and she always willingly takes a back seat to others. When she meets Michael, AKA Mike King, she finally finds something she would go after no matter what, until the morning he disappears on her, and she believes she was nothing but a fling for him, that is. Discovering she is pregnant with his child, the unborn baby becomes the most important thing in her life.   Michael fell for Cara the moment he first saw her and all he wants is her, not even knowing her name. The night they were together meant the world to him and he was crushed the next morning when he came back and she was long gone. He knows she's the only one for him and just needs to find her again. When he discovers her identity, and her secret about being pregnant, he realizes he has to convince her to stay. The effort he puts in to proving he loves her is evident to everyone but her. How these two bridge the gap between their different lives is enough to warm anyone's heart.   Readers will delight in seeing that even though this story doesn't take place in Erie, many of our beloved friends from Perry Square put in an appearance. There are even some who star in their own sideline story in this book. Of course, no Perry Square book would be complete without Pearly Gates and her stories. Have no fear, she is here and so are her zany tales. She is probably one of this reviewer's favorite secondary characters of any books she has read, by any author.   Sit back, relax, and get lost in this charming tale, for it is certainly a winner.    Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2005. All rights reserved.      