 Courtesy of Love Romances Ian MacGregor is the laird of his clan in the Scottish Highlands. He returns to the keep in the Lowlands where he spent many of his young and carefree years. He is shrouded in mysteries surrounding the deaths of some of those closest to him. He has returned to claim his bride, Margaret Kincaid, to whom he has been betrothed since his childhood. But it is Margarets younger sister, Sabrina, who catches his eyeand his heart. When Margaret suddenly disappears, he eagerly accepts Sabrina as a replacement bride. Sabrina grudgingly agrees to wed Ian, knowing she is bound to do as her father wishes. But she vows to never love Ian, swearing she has given her heart to another man. She has her doubts about Ian, having heard disturbing rumors about his past, and whisperings he may have had a hand in Margarets presumed death. Despite her beliefs Ian betrayed her many years ago, she cant help but be drawn to him. Her spirited nature tells her to ignore all she has heard and to put her faith and trust in Ian. Ms. James weaves a passionate tale of love found, amid some of the most turbulent years of Medieval Scotland. For it is a time of great political upheaval as Robert the Bruce fights to gain his throne. Ian and Sabrina are caught in the middle of it all, on opposite sides of the political game, though their hearts are bound in the greatest battle of allfor A Promise Given and a binding love. Ms. James has created a lively cast of characters. The antics of Ian and Sabrina alone making for an exciting read. Both Ian and Sabrina are very strong yet imperfect people, with faults and fears aplenty for each, making them all appear all the more realistic. Add in the colorful cast of secondary characters and the story comes alive. All are memorable and only add, never detract, from the story. However, the secondary characters are not so well developed or dimensional as the hero and heroine. Many of the characters behavior and emotions are never fully explained. Why do they feel the love and/or animosity held for Ian and Sabrina? Many of these explanations are lacking, which at times has a tendency to stall the story. In spite of the not always fully developed characters, this is a pleasurable read. Plenty of action and suspense, well tempered by the romance of the era, and the characters, can be found throughout. Ms. James has a way with words, using wonderful imagery to paint the landscape. One almost feels a part of the story, planted right in the middle of the beautiful but treacherous Scottish Highlands. A Promise Given is a promise kept for this reviewer to be on the lookout for more books by this author.      