 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This second tale in the "Dueling Society" series will capture one's attention from the beginning. With plenty of intrigue to deepen the plot, the reader will be unable to put this book down, waiting for what comes next.   Vergil Duclairc, also called Laclere, likes to have things done his way. Since his older brother, the Viscount, died, he has had to take on much responsibility for his family - a responsibility and title he had never desired. His brother's death changed him, forcing him to become less carefree about his actions. As a result of the now strict code Vergil keeps for himself, he is called "the Saint" by those close to him.   Bianca Kenwood is an American. She has come to England with her companion, Jane, as the ward of Viscount Vergil Duclairc. However, she has no desire to be under the thumb of one such as he... she desires to go to Milan to seek training and fulfill her only dream, to be a professional singer. Her plan is to get Vergil to relinquish his duty as her guardian so she can go to Italy, using money from her inheritance.   These two are at odds from the moment they meet. Bianca only wants to be granted her freedom, whereas Vergil has other plans for her... and her inheritance. He is on a mission to find out what drove his brother to take his own life, all the while preserving his family's name and good standing in society. Bianca is only a means to an end for him, until he begins to realize he cares for her more then a guardian should. She chafes at his strict control over her so she is determined to do whatever it takes to get him to release her, though in time she grows to question whether or not she wants to be free of him for good.   However, the mystery deepens as Vergil begins to uncover a chain of events in which his brother was just one link, putting his and Bianca's lives in danger. Will he solve the mystery behind his brother's untimely demise? Can Bianca and Vergil overcome their differences to find the passion they both long for?   The reader is reintroduced to beloved secondary characters from The Seducer, showing what has become of them in the time lapsing between the two books. Vergil is a changed man, having been through a lot, making him grow up and mature from the romantic he was, to the driven man he has become, the "saint." Bianca is refreshingly innocent, or so she seems until one gets to know her better. Who she is truly, is a strong-minded young lady, with the gumption to do something about it. Naive in many ways, she still knows a lot more about life than would be expected of a young lady of the time. From the moment these two meet, with Bianca dressed up in an elaborate opera costume, the sparks fly, which neither one was expecting.   The plot is complex as well, unfolding in layers, which only enhance the story. Multiple secrets are entwined, causing Vergil's discreet investigation to take many turns, most of which only increase the risk of danger for his family. When he finds a string of blackmail incidents that all lead to one place, the mystery deepens as the reader, along with Vergil, strives to find the answers. Ms. Hunter skillfully weaves the tale, throwing a couple of wrong turns into the mix, by providing false trails to follow. This reviewer was delighted by the fact she had no idea who the real villain was, until the climactic scene resolving it all, which is quite surprising and not at all what was expected.   One will also be happy to visit with previously introduced characters. This book, though part of a series, is a stand-alone. However, this reviewer recommends reading The Seducer first, as it helps one to better know our hero and his friends. It also sets up the rest of the series nicely, providing enough additional information about those featured in the coming books to make the reader want to know more about them. A fast-paced, emotional story, this book comes highly recommended. Go out and get a copy today.    Kelley A. Hartsell, October 2003. All rights reserved.     