 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Shelly Williams was a woman who had dedicated her life to helping those suffering from drug addictions. Ever since her younger twin brother and sister had overdosed of drugs, she felt this was the way she could most help others. When her good intentions backfire while helping the young daughter of the Idaho governor, Shelly goes on the run. Gov. Huxley was infuriated that Shelly would insinuate his precious daughter is involved in anything wrong so swears he will ruin her career and make her completely unable to work as a counselor in a 5 state area.  Shelly turns to her one friend she can count on for anything, Aggie Cashman, going to stay with her awhile to give her a chance to figure out what to do with her life now that Huxley has ruined her dreams. Aggie finds her a place to stay, at a small cottage on the estate of wealthy attorney Kyle Markham. When Kyle and Shelly meet, sparks fly and he finds himself interested in a woman for the first time since his wife left many years ago. But Shelly is obviously hiding something, and he can't stand that. Secrets only cause problems as far as he is concerned, and he is determined to find out hers.  When Shelly accidentally stumbles upon some damning evidence about Kyle's son Greg and his illegal habits, she is all the more determined to keep her secrets at any cost. But she can't help being attracted to Kyle, and wishing she could confide the truth in him. In spite of her secrets, Kyle and Shelly grow ever closer, unable to resist the allure of each other. Unfortunately, just when she thinks maybe she can get her life back together, past problems catch up to her, along with some new ones regarding Greg, and she is in even more danger then that of losing her reputation. She is danger of losing her very life.  This was one incredible page-turner! Ms. Emory has a winner with this gripping tale. The pace never lessens and the nail-biting suspense is so high, the reader will be on the edge of the seat through it all. One can't help but feel for Shelly and the dilemma trying to help others has caused for her. Kyle is such a strong man, in spite of his biggest weakness where his son is concerned. The two of them are meant for each other, if only they can't get past the problems causing a rift between them.  There are also several good sideline stories in this book. The best one is that of Shelly's best friend, Aggie. In fact, this story almost affected the reviewer more then the main plot surrounding Shelly. Aggie's story will bring tears to one's eyes, and have the reader cheering for a happy ending as much as does Shelly's plight.  Don't forget the light-hearted moments. There are plenty of those too, which prevent this book from becoming too dark of a story. Passion abounds as well, between Kyle and Shelly, as bright and strong as a lightning bolt. One can't help being drawn in to the story, and what a story it is! Be prepared for some late nights, as this book cries out to be read in one sitting! This is the first book by Ms. Emory for this reviewer, but it certainly won't be the last. Just watch out for numerous editing errors found throughout. If not prepared for them, a couple times, they could possibly pull the reader out of the story.      