 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Lori Handeland continues her Luchetti family story in The Brother Quest, with Colin's story.  Bobby Luchetti has been missing for quite some time when Colin receives a short message that makes no sense. Off he goes to Wind Lake, Minnesota to get to the bottom of things. He finds no answers when he arrives, but he does find a surprise.  Marlie Anderson runs the daycare center in her hometown, never having desired to go anywhere else. For several months she had been writing to Bobby Luchetti, a soldier in the US Army. Although his letters had suddenly ceased, Colin shows up on her doorstep and tells her Bobby sent him.  Colin is bored out of his mind, eager to move on to more exciting places, but he is convinced that this is where word will come of Bobby's whereabouts. The longer he stays, the more he comes to admire, and love Marlie. But she is Bobby's girl so how can he ever claim her for himself?  Ms. Handeland once again demonstrates her skill at weaving emotional stories that tug at the heartstrings. This reviewer found herself laughing out loud over the antics of the children, as well as getting tears in her eyes over some powerfully emotional scenes. One will feel everything along with Marlie, Colin, and company.  Everyone is so realistic in this book, adding to the character-driven plotline. Colin has his irrational fear of Houdini the guinea pig, and Marlie is insecure about her appearance as a glasses-wearing slightly overweight young woman, and finds it hard to believe someone like Colin could love her. Even the secondary characters show their weaknesses and strengths. Marlie's mother loses herself in game shows to forget that her late husband and the love of her life is never coming home again. Then too, how can anyone remain unmoved at Garth, Marlie's best friend, and his precocious son Jake's heartbreak over losing Garth's beloved wife?  Readers will be drawn into the story from the beginning, riding the waves of all the emotional rises and dips found in this book. One can not help but feel some emotion when reading this book.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2005. All rights reserved.     