 Courtesy of Love Romances Jake Danforth was the class Romeo in high school... and the love of Julie Sommerfield's life back then. Until the disastrous event which happened at the senior prom, changing her mind about him for good... or so she thought. Now they are all grown up and Jake is going through a rather public divorce. He's got a morning radio show, which his callers seem to think makes his private life public. When he insults Julie on his show, she's had enough. She had been the counselor/psychologist his wife had seen before the divorce, and Jake twisted everything around that his ex-wife had said about her, to make it material for use in his show.  Julie agrees to an interview on his show, after he basically cons her into it, but wears a disguise so he won't know who she really is. Things get ugly and she is even more embarrassed after the show. How could she have ever thought Jake was any sort of Romeo? When Jake discovers who she really is, he is floored... she's "the one that got away" for him, and he has never forgotten her. When he tricks her into helping him with his dating techniques, for discussion on his show, Julie finds herself been drawn even more under his spell. Until the day comes that they both realize it is a new game they are playing, one they are playing for keeps. Until Jake's ex wife gets involved, deciding maybe she wants to keep Jake after all. Will Julie and Jake ever get together to act on their feelings for each other? This was a cute story, with quite a different spin on the Romeo and Juliet story. Things always seem stacked against Jake and Julie, always interfering with the powerful attraction they have for each other. Neither one has ever forgotten the other, nor the event which happened on prom night, changing their lives forever. Jake is determined to win her over for good this time, and has quite a time proving to her it's worth it. There was also a nice additional side story, one involving Julie's best friend and a business rival. All of the characters in the story are so lively; one can't help but love them all. The reader gets to know some of Julie's clients rather well also, adding another level of depth to the story. The whole thing is laugh out loud funny, providing many moments of entertainment. But there is a level of high school silliness to the plotline, which can get slightly annoying at times. All in all, however, this was a fun read, worth the time taken to indulge in this humorous tale.  Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2002. All rights reserved.     