 Courtesy of The Best Reviews  "Love is never safe or easy. That's why none of us would chance it except for one thing. Life's not worth much without it." Whether being used to describe God's love or the love of a man for a woman, or a friend for a friend, this is the underlying message in this book.  Devra MacKay had left her home in Culdee Creek to find success as a plastic surgeon in New York. She was happy there, working for the rich and famous, making plenty of money to keep her in the lifestyle she has adopted. When her father dies, she must return home to Colorado, just in time for the Christmas holiday, to settle his estate. However, old feelings rise to the surface when she must again confront the one man she has ever loved.  Ross Blackstone is the foreman of the ranch, whom Devra's father had taken under his wing years ago. Ross has a tainted past, one which he has paid for and desired to overcome. Logan gave him a job and set him on the path to find his way, and led him to Christ. Ross's only desire is to remain at Culdee Creek, working the land he has grown to love over the years. Now he is torn, he wants Devra to stay and run the ranch, but that could affect his role there, since they have never gotten along. If only she knew the truth of how he felt.  As frustrations mount and old hurts are exposed once more, Devra must reevaluate all she has built for herself, and find her lost faith. Only one man can help her find her way. But is Ross enough?  This was an enlightening story about finding one's path in the world. Devra had everything she could ever want, or so she thought, in the life she had created for herself. Along the way though, she had lost her faith, and her way, not even being aware of it until she returns for her father's funeral. She struggles with her decisions, trying to do what is right, but not knowing entirely what is the right thing anymore.  Ross had lived a hard life before arriving on the MacKay's doorstep, but he had overcome that past and found his true calling, and a strong faith. Now he sees Devra struggling, and is afraid to help her, but afraid not to help her get back on track. Though he can't help but wonder if she will find her way again.  Faith in God is the underlying message in this book. With Him, all things are possible. Though slightly too "preachy" for this reviewer, it did make her think. Fans of Inspirational Romance will be drawn to this book, as will those who have a strong faith of their own. It may even help some readers who have lost sight of their own faith and dreams, setting them once again on the right track.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2003. All rights reserved.     