 Courtesy of Love Romances Gray Sinclair is a ship captain on a mission. He is on a quest for a mythological gemstone, the "Sacred Heart," a rare flawless red diamond. His brother is on the brink of losing the family estate and Gray believes finding this diamond will save them all from ruin. He never expected to find himself tried and condemned to death in a small Scottish town, for a murder he did not commit! Bonnie MacTavish is the sole witness to the gruesome death of her friend. She found Gray crouched over the body, bloody knife in hand, concluding he is the killer.  In spite of that, she wanted Gay to receive a fair trial. When he is convicted in the farce, her doubts of his guilt begin to surface, leading her to the decision to help him escape. Gray doesn't need her help though, and makes good on his escape, taking Bonnie with him. She is furious over her kidnapping and vows to make his life miserable until she can make her bid for freedom. Things change while they are at sea, however. Bonnie begins to see a whole different side of Gray, one of compassion, and she realizes he is not capable of brutally murdering anyone. As Gray continues on his quest for the stone, he and Bonnie grow closer, but he carries additional emotional burdens he is afraid to tell her about. He believes that if she knows the truth about him, and his family, that she would be unable to care for him. Will Gray complete his quest for his own personal Grail? Will Bonnie manage to break through Gray's personal barriers to reach his heart and the love he denies himself? This was a novel full of adventure and passion. Ms. George gain proves her skill at penning a tale to tug at the heartstrings. Gray and Bonnie are full of personality that leaps off the pages. His demons and her fire are always evident. The colorful cast of characters, right down to a cuddly canine, and a rather ugly, but loved no less, pet vulture, entrance the reader, making the story all the more enjoyable. The sometimes overly wordy passages takes getting used to at first, but once familiar with it, it is hardly noticeable. Also, the murder which begins the story takes a back seat to Gray's quest. This reviewer had trouble believing that Bonnie could apparently forget all about her friend's death, thought hat is what appears to happen for most of the story. Other than a few references to Gray's label as "murderer," most of the novel no one even thinks about that which started the whole adventure.  All in all, this was an exciting story full of emotion, dangers, action, and conflict which is par for the course in the genre. Ms. George puts her own signature on the romance world, drawing people in and making them eager for the next story.      