 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Melinda Rucker Haynes' highly acclaimed Trust saga concludes with Essence of Trust, the final book in the trilogy.  This book picks up some years after Breach of Trust, after two legendary Samurai swords have disappeared and changed the lives of five incredible people, among others. Mike and Dorel Gabrielli's son Marty is now at the cusp of manhood, and only beginning to come into the powers he has inherited through multiple lifetimes, one of which was Dorel's beloved grandfather. Rian Farsante and Jonathan "Spence" Spencer, soulmates who are loyal friends to the Gabriellis have been torn apart by Spence's lust for power which has led him to use his abilities for the dark side. All of them have been affected by the power infused in any wielder of the swords, their lives irreparably changed.  Ancient legend, dating far back in Egyptian history, if not farther, speaks of the coming of the One, a powerful Essence that will control the world. Whether that control is used to destroy or to heal the world as we know it remains to be determined. Ian Stoddard, an extremely strong psychic spy for whom Mike, Spence, and Rian all worked with at one time, believes Marty to be the One, and seeks to use Marty's powers to take over the world. Time is running out as all players, good or bad, race to defeat an evil stronger than any of them can imagine; that is at the beginning, the very heart of the mystery of the swords. Can all of them find their destiny and use their powers for what they are meant to before this evil consumes them, possibly even costing some their current life?  As with the previous two books in the saga, the story line is very complex due to the very nature of its reincarnation plotline. However, in this book, less focus is placed on past lives, though they do have an integral role, with the focus this time being on the here and now... and what is to come. One will find this book is not one to be rushed through, but is meant to be savored and read slowly so as to grasp the true meaning of the story and the symbolic nature of so many things, or people, found within. Many questions will be answered, and yet a few are left hanging, perhaps for effect, or something more? Readers must pick up this book for themselves to make that determination. Also be forewarned, there are multiple, totally shocking, plot twists that will make readers gasp aloud in disbelief and shout "that can't happen that way!"  The previous two stories were more of an action tale, with an underlying love story. Though the undercurrent of a love story is evident here, it is not as strong as in the previous two stories, in this reviewer's opinion, but it is most definitely there. There are actually several different kinds of love, to include romance, experienced by the characters, which makes this an even more powerful story then the previous two. Readers will feel Rian's pain as she watches her beloved Spence fall deeper into the dark arts, knowing there is not much she can do to help him. A familial kind of love is evident here as well, between the Gabriellis and Rian and Spence. Marty, though showing the typical behavior of a young boy his age, also has an underlying wisdom of the ages, that will amaze and captivate readers, making them wonder how he knows so much for one so young. How everyone comes together in the paths Destiny has chosen for them will engross the reader right through to the very last page of the book.  Essence of Trust indeed ends this chapter in a strong saga, but ends it in such a way to give one hope that maybe, just maybe, if destiny is kind, we may at some future date get to cross our paths with those friends... and enemies... found between these pages. Only the fates know for certain.   Kelley A. Hartsell, April 2005. All rights reserved.     