 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Wow!!! Michelle Pillow puts a whole new spin on the legend of the vampires with this, the first book in her Tribes of the Vampire series. This book will keep readers engrossed from beginning all the way to the shocking twist of a climax at the end.  Hathor Vinceti has come to London to help her beloved Aunt Georgia run her bed and breakfast inn. One evening while trying to find a restaurant her aunt recommended, she gets lost and finds herself in a place she never imagined to exist. What she discovers is a dark underworld society where vampires rule and don't care who gets in the way of their fun.  Servaes is a 17th century French Marquis turned vampire who has grown weary of his long non-life and is only going through the motions to please others and keep the unruly young vampires in line. When he sees Hathor in the crowd at London's vampire club one night, he is immediately drawn to her for some unexplained reason. Something about her is different and though he can't understand it, he senses she may be very important to him.  Servaes and Hathor are drawn to each other from the first moment they see each other, but all is not easy in their love. The young vampires are jealous of their happiness, and will destroy it at all costs, and the Tribal Council, thought to be a myth by most vampires, is not happy about Hathor's introduction to their world. Can their love survive the dangers they face, and can Hathor truly accept Servaes for who, or what, he is?  This story is absolutely fascinating! It follows a slow but steady pace throughout much of the book, but there is plenty of action and intrigue, and of course romance, to keep readers captivated. Though Servaes and Hathor's story follows through to a more then satisfying ending, there are enough mysteries left in the story that are sure to be addressed again in future books in the planned series. Also, the stunning climax will leave readers gasping for breath at the totally unexpected turn of events. Though surprising, it will make readers shout with joy, and make them realize that was the only way this story COULD end.  The relationships between all the characters are well done and beautifully portrayed, especially the romance of Hathor and Servaes. All of the fears, frustration, tenderness, and love between them can be felt very strongly by the reader. One will also feel the hate and fear of the lesser vampires, the courage and underlying strength of the more powerful ones, such as Jiri, and the familial love between Georgia and Hathor. One will be hoping throughout, that the lovers find the happiness they both long for.  This is probably one of the best books this reviewer has read this year, and is one of those rare books she feels is totally deserving of the best rating possible to give. There was nothing disappointing about this book, except for some editing errors scattered throughout. Although the unresolved mystery subplots may leave fans wondering, this doesn't detract from the story. It's evident that these mysteries will be carried on into future books, where this world will be delved into with more detail. Well worth the time and money, don't wait! Run on over to NCP and pick this one up today! It is guaranteed not to disappoint.   Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2004. All rights reserved.     