 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Wow!!! What a story! Ms. Pillow has penned a delightful tale, full of chilling twists and turns.  Imogen Drake is a beautiful but willful young lady. Her parents have just promised her to a man she does not love, and can barely tolerate. She takes off on a wild horse ride to soothe her anger and takes a fall. When she comes to the next morning, her mother won't speak to her and her sister has been sent away.  Dougal Weston is a young man walking the grounds of Rothfield Park when he meets Imogen. Believed by her to be the tutor her father hired to prepare her for her pending marriage, he proceeds to give Imogen her "lessons." But there is another reason he is there, for he is a troubled soul seeking something he may never find.  However, danger lurks at Rothfield, and many lost souls are in need of aid. Only Imogen holds the key and Dougal must help her remember it. As they spend more time together, their love grows into a passion that cannot be denied. As their time runs short, can their love for one another survive and conquer the evil hiding just beyond the mists?  Imogen and Dougal are a perfect blend of personalities, well matched in wit and fire. Their love is strong, growing slowly but consistently, until it finally defies all to be able to last. Where one is weak, the other is strong, helping them to make it through whatever fate throws their way. The evil entity stalking them is frighteningly real, and all the secondary characters skillfully rendered, bringing everything they are to light in the mind's eye for the reader.  The descriptive prose used throughout drives the story with startling clarity. One will love the beautiful landscape, feel a chill of foreboding when The Mists of Midnight unfurl, and gasp in surprise when secrets are revealed. The plot moves along effortlessly, with many shocking turns of events that will keep the reader guessing right down to the last page. Every time this reviewer thought she had things figured out, something else would happen causing all theories to be thrown out the window.   This debut novel will leave readers begging for more. With this book, a star is born, and if it is any indication, this writer is certainly one to watch. This reviewer has immediately become a fan, and Ms. Pillow is a must-not-miss author. Fortunately, many more books are already waiting in the wings, set to be released later this year.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2004. All rights reserved.     