 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Ms. Feehan proves once again she can tackle whatever she sets her mind to, with ease. Readers will love this latest foray into the wilds of the rainforest, where secrets are revealed and another breed of people live.  Rachael Lospostos is on the run. Someone wants her dead and will do anything to make sure it happens. She travels to the rainforest with a missionary group bringing medical supplies to the villages. She hopes to lose herself there, making everyone believe she is dead. Once arriving, something about the rainforest calls to her, making her feel like she is home, and she hopes to be able to live there a while after making her escape. She never expects the secrets that will be revealed to her upon arriving.  Rio lives in the rainforest, and has for his entire life. No other place could ever give him the feeling of freedom or security that it provides. It also allows for him to explore his other self, the wild and untamed part of him that is his heritage - he is one of a dying kind, the leopard people, able to shift shape into that of a wildcat. His lives alone, with only his leopard companions for company, except for the times his duty to the others of the forest call to him. He is a tracker, one of the best, who makes a living by rescuing kidnap victims from the bandits who run so rampant along the river. Though he is content, he is not happy, never able to forget why he lives this way... until the day she appears.  When Rachael finally makes her escape from the mission folk, she comes upon a hut high in the trees, nearly invisible, and takes refuge there, not knowing she enters the lair of one who will change her life forever. Rio comes upon her and attacks, believing she has been sent to kill him, for the most ruthless of the bandits, Tomas, wants him dead. After she is subdued by his leopard companions, he finds she is not after him and in fact, finds out she is also a wanted woman.  Several days of forced confinement, as Rachael's injuries slowly heal bring her and Rio into close contact, and they find they are drawn to each other in a way neither can explain. Also, Rachael senses a new restless feeling that she can't understand. As they grow closer, Rio worries how she will react when she discovers the secret of his other self, for he knows she is the only woman for him. However, before they can truly explore their growing passion, they must find those who want Rachel dead and defeat them, or she will never truly be free.  Ms. Feehan explores further the leopard people first introduced in her novella, "The Awakening," in the anthology Fantasy. She manages to explore the world of this unique race so fully, that the reader can't help but feel a part of it. There is no end to the adventure found here either, for the rainforest is a dangerous place at best and deadly at worst. Add in some bandits, drug dealers, poachers, and just the regular risks found in the jungle and there is plenty to keep readers engrossed and interested.  Rio and Rachael are an enchanting pair, whose passion cannot be denied. Their romance takes off, becoming even steamier then the humid jungle air. The descriptions of the shapeshifting are so well done, and with such a sensuous feel to them, that one sees the transformation vividly, fascinated by the possibility. For who wouldn't want to have such an incredible ability? To feel things as a human would, as well as have the perceptiveness and stealth of a mighty jungle cat?  There is also an underlying tension to the tale, wrought with emotion the reader gets to experience, in regards to Rio's relationship with the others of his kind, and that of Rachael and her brother. These facets of the story are explored quite fully as well, through the interactions of all of the players. The other characters of the novel are drawn so clearly, that one can feel the respect, love, or malice behind their actions. As always, Ms. Feehan hints at future stories to come, possibly involving those introduced here. Have no fear, readers, her talent is ever growing, far from becoming stale, and more adventures are sure to follow.    Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2003. All rights reserved.     