 Courtesy of Love Romances  This was an average debut book, with a unique futuristic story line. Ms. Cherry shows talent for weaving believable fantasy worlds.  Planet Tigron is home to an amazing race of beings, the Great Djinn, known for their magickal powers and their sexual prowess. The Imperial bloodline is in danger of being wiped out. Their only hope lies in Prince Tarrant-Arragon, the Tiger Prince and the "terror of the dodecahedrons," marrying and impregnating the last remaining virgin of pure Djinn blood to cement his family's line for another generation. There is only one small problem though... she despises him, sight unseen.  Djinni-Vera has lived her life on Earth, safe on a planet away from her enemy, Tarrant-Arragon. There on Earth she waits... until the day comes she is "of age" to marry her betrothed, J-J, the biggest rival of the Tiger Prince, who also happens to be in disguise as Tarrant-Arragon's best friend. Djinni is one of the Saurian White Knights, sworn to destroy the Imperial Prince at any cost and restore balance to the empire.  Tarrant-Arragon goes to Earth in disguise, where he captures Djinni and begins his plan to seduce her and impregnate her before she discovers he is really her most hated enemy, and an enemy who is known for his own unique brand of "justice." He cannot reveal his true self to her, and as he falls in love, he hopes her growing feelings for him are enough to overcome the great deceits he has staged against her. Can he win the affection of his lady love? What will she do when she discovers her beloved "Tigger" is really the Tiger Prince in disguise?  This should have been a very good story that would captivate readers from beginning to end, but it fell flat, at least for this reviewer. The story is well developed, almost too well developed. There are too many sub-plots going on at once to really keep from losing the reader. This reviewer had to keep going back and re-reading parts to try and make sense of what was happening in some scenes. However, it was interesting to see how the game of seduction is compared to a game of chess, which is an underlying theme to the entire story.  Tarrant-Arragon and Djinni are intriguing characters, or Djinni was at least. Tarrant Arragon was too obsessed with sex throughout the whole book. Granted, the key plot focuses on the fact he must get Djinni pregnant, but he spends too much time talking about how he is going to seduce her and how skilled he is at love-making, to actually do much of anything... in or out of the bedroom. Several other characters were incredibly well done, this reviewer's favorite character being Grievous the Earthling, who becomes Tarrant-Arragon's loyal "second." Unfortunately so many characters were introduced in to the story with such similar names that it got way too confusing. There is a family tree in the front of the book to explain the relationships between all the players, but there are just too many people to keep track of, even though they all play key roles in different plot lines. This reviewer kept forgetting who was who and how they were related to others in the story. J-J was an interesting villain throughout, and it would be interesting to see how he comes across in future books... and it is evident there is more planned in the series.  Ms. Cherry certainly wins points for originality in her story. Her worlds are beautifully rendered, vividly drawn so that readers will see and feel the scenery and events unfolding throughout the entire book. The majority of futuristic romance fans will likely enjoy this story and be eager for more to come from the pen of this "Dorchester's New Voice in Romance" finalist.   Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2004. All rights reserved.     