 Prim and proper Cassandra Effington does not like rakes. Their carefree ways and desire to do no more than flirt with the ladies is the complete opposite of everything she looks for in a man. She is a driven woman, more interested in her career of decorating manors than in finding a husband. However when she takes her latest position, things begin to change.  Lord Berkley loves his life as it is, but his mother is bound to marry him off. When she calls him to her bedside claiming to be near death, she extracts a promise from him to have his town house redone, by none other than Cassie. Sparks fly at their first meeting, but she wants nothing to do with him. He needs to prove himself to her. They make a pact to find each other's perfect mate, but neither expects that the perfect couple will be Cassie and Berkley themselves.  This story did absolutely nothing for this reviewer. The plot line was thin and not engaging enough to keep her interest through the final pages. The idea of the marriage wager between the two adversaries, Cassie and Berkley is an appealing one, or it should be. However, it failed to keep the initial appeal of the premise. This reader finally hung it up a little more than halfway through the book, unable to stand to read even one more page due to sheer boredom.  The characters are not as well developed as is expected from a Victoria Alexander novel. Cassie's biggest issue is the fact she is convinced that getting involved with a rake will do nothing but cause a huge scandal. Yet readers never really get a full understanding of why she is convinced this is the case. Chemistry between the players is lacking as well. All of the witty repartee shared between the two, and the interest in each other falls flat. There is no real emotion in their interactions and the byplay feels forced and stilted.  The Pursuit of Marriage by Victoria Alexander is by no means one of her better efforts, but die hard fans will enjoy it nonetheless.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2006. All rights reserved.     