 Courtesy of Love Romances Paige Montgomery is a reporter for WMAC news, "Where Nice News Matters," in Erie, PA. She is known by everyone for her optimistic attitude, and her Pollyanna view of the world. She was doing a segment for her "About Town" feature for the TV station, posing as a pregnant woman to see how people would respond. While interviewing a young man who had given up his seat for her on a shuttle bus, she starts to feel pains in her abdomen. She is at first convinced it's nothing until they get so severe, she really feels like she is pregnant. Riley Calhoon is also a news reporter, for a local paper, who is known for his "Get Real" column, where he gives the city a dose of real life, to make people wake up and realize what was going on in the world. He had borrowed a friend's cab for the day and unexpectedly comes across Paige, in disguise, who was looking and sounding ready to give birth immediately. He rushes her to the hospital, and tries to distract her with idle chatter while they are en route. He is surprised by himself and the effort he was making to keep her calm. Everyone knows him for being opinionated and negative. But something about this woman struck him in a way he couldn't imagine. A few days later, Paige tracks him down to thank him for helping her. If not for him, her appendix would have ruptured and she could have died. She calls him her hero and wants to interview him for her news broadcast. Riley refuses; afraid to let anyone see the crack in his surly attitude she causes, making her swear to not reveal his role in her rescue without his express agreement and gives her a hard time. Paige is bound and determined to get her interview one way or another, and is convinced she can bring him around. She starts dogging his footsteps everywhere he goes and Riley gets more irritated the more she "runs into" him. In spite of that, he finds himself actually having a smidge of feelings for her, loving her bright view of the world through her rose-colored glasses. The two couldn't be more opposite, but for some unexplainable reason, he intrigues her as well. Even with memories of their disastrous first meeting several months ago, a blind date set up by her Aunt Annabelle, and the fact they couldn't stand each other then, there is something drawing them to each other, which neither can define nor explain. They find themselves in a relationship of sorts, mutually beneficial to the both of them....  Until Riley's secret about his rescue of Paige gets out. He accuses her of lying and manipulating him to get her story, and is furious with her. She swears she never told anyone about it and is so hurt by his accusations, that she wants nothing to do with him. Now Riley realizes the truth, he really does love her, and was mistaken about her. But how to get her to forgive him? Riley enlists the help of WMAC, and the entire city, to prove his love for Paige. He comes up with a scheme even Paige couldn't resist. Or could she?  Ms. Jacobs has done it again! Her story is a pleasure, full of characteristic humor and charm. Paige's "glass half full" outlook on life and Riley's "glass half empty" attitude are at odds from the beginning, even apparent in the flashback memories they both have of their first meeting, the blind date from hell. But that only adds to the hilarity of their relationship when they meet again. What comes next is a comedy of errors as Paige tries to bring him around to her way of thinking.  Aunt Annabelle adds another touch of mirth to the story, with her persistent belief the two are meant for each other. Her habit of cheating at cards also is amusing, which no one can catch her at, but all are convinced she does, adding some lively moments to her life in a retirement home. Even the animal characters in the story, Riley's dog, Pugsley, he is roped into adopting and Paige's attack cat, Cuddles brighten the story, bringing out even more humor, and a soft side to Riley. Another bright spot in this lively tale, is the cameo appearance of a few beloved secondary characters from the book Do You Hear What I Hear? One can never go wrong with a story by Ms. Jacobs, and that is proven once again here, in Not Precisely Pregnant. Her books are guaranteed to provide plenty of entertainment, and more laughs then should be legal. Her love of life, and her ability to find the fun in anything, comes out on every page. This is one reader who is a die-hard fan, and will remain so for as long as the books keep coming. If this book is any indication, and it is, Ms. Jacobs will be around for a long time, adding "joie de vive" to every day.       