 Courtesy of Love Romances Hardesty Arnaud is a West Point graduate and a war hero returned to her home in the Louisiana bayou. She had just been hired as the Chief of Police in St. Martine, her hometown. Her years away with the military made her long for home, and realize that her family is what is most important to her life. Nick Brannigan is an FBI agent in New York City. He was raised on the streets, heading for trouble, until his foster mother found and adopted him. He has spent every day since trying to prove to her that he is worth everything she put into raising him. His greatest ambition is to become the first black director of the FBI. Within a week of taking on the position of police chief, Hardie has her first, and likely most difficult case, a murder. And not just any murder, but a murder involving the mob. Her entire town, excepting a couple people, is convinced she can't handle the job as police chief, let alone, solve a murder. Not only is she fighting time to solve this case, she is fighting against the inept deputies on her force, and the negative reactions of her town to her being back. Enter Nick. He has been working this mob case for a very long time and has his whole career wrapped up in this dead man. He's non too keen on having to work with the local hick police chief to solve the murder, watching his dreams fall away if it can't be resolved. Until he sees her..... Hardie isn't too happy about the FBI invading her little town either, especially when he comes in spouting off about how important his career is etc.  But in spite of their reluctance to be thrown together to solve a murder, they can't help but be attracted to each other. This mystery will turn their whole worlds upside down before it is through. And maybe in the midst of all this mayhem they will find the things that are truly important, home, family, love, and each other... This was a very well done story. Nick and Hardie are perfect for each other, even though in the beginning it seems they'll never work out. Their conflict between them was just right, caused by their different ambitions clashing over solving the mystery at hand. Hardie is strong, yet vulnerable at the same time. She is so determined to overcome her family history, which she felt the repercussions from her whole life, that she puts herself on the offensive immediately, to keep those who would from hurting her. Nick is consumed by his ambition to prove himself worthy, and that he is no longer that boy from the streets who would be a hoodlum, had someone not taken the time to help him get past that life and into a better one. The murder mystery is the focus of the entire story, with Nick and Hardie revolving around it. And it was so skillfully written, that this reviewer had no idea who the killer was, right up until the end. And normally this reviewer hates when the body counts in a mystery keep rising to continue the plot. But the additional murders in this story really did add to it, causing even more twists and turns in the plot, to keep the reader guessing. All of the secondary characters are a delight, adding even more to an already excellent book. None are ever thrown in for the heck of it, like can sometimes be found in books. Each and every one enhances the story line, making it more well- rounded and multi-dimensional of a tale.  The writing duo who are JM Jeffries show excellent talent for writing a good story, with plenty of passion between the main characters, to ensure that the romance of the story is not overshadowed by the adventure. Nick and Hardie, and the entire town of St. Martine are brilliantly drawn, very lively and unique, making one wish the inhabitants of this cute little bayou town could be found somewhere in real life. Don't miss this story!      