 This paperback is a compilation of Judy Mays' first two books in her HEAT series: PERFUMED HEAT and IN THE HEAT OF THE NGHT. As such, I'm posting two reviews combined here that I did of the electronic versions of these two stories.  Courtesy of Love Romances  PERFUMED HEAT  Artemis Gray is a renowned maker of men's cologne. He's hoping to expand his business into the women's cologne market by partnering with another well known perfume maker. When he arrives at an extravagant dinner affair with his two children in tow, hoping to make the connections necessary to gain the additional business, he never expects to make a connection of the heart.  Moira Archer is the assistant to the owner of James Parfumes. When she attends the dinner with Sylvia James, who is hoping to land Artemis into bed as well as her business, Moira isn't expecting the shock of meeting him in the flesh. She is immediately attracted to him, first by the scent of his seductive cologne, then by the man himself.  Artemis never expected to find a new mate. He is a werewolf, one of a species who mate for life. He expected to spend the rest of his life alone after his beloved Myste died. His attraction to Moira immediately consumes him, making him long for nothing but to possess her. Can he convince her they are meant to be? What will she do when she discovers his secret?  Artemis is a hero to die for, totally alpha male who will stand for nothing and no one coming between him and his chosen mate. He's been at a loss since his first mate died and never thought he'd find someone who could make him feel that way again. So he's quite surprised that after so many years he is incredibly attracted to Moira. That passion drives him to make her his own.  Moira has never been so passionate about someone as she is upon her very first meeting of Artemis. This shocking desire she feels drives her to act in a way she'd never believed herself capable of doing. She's more then enough of a match for him, even though she tries to deny this relationship they've found together. Moira is fiery in temper and personality, with an insatiable appetite for sex. She's just what Artemis needs, if only she can allow herself to believe it.  One very disappointing thing was the absolutely dreadful editing. There were words missing, misused or misplaced and grammatical errors. If one can ignore bad editing and it doesn't distract from the story, then it won't be a problem here. This reviewer however, was repeatedly pulled out of the story as a result.  Perfumed Heat by Judy Mays is a short, hot, seductive tale that will leave readers breathless for more. The sex scenes are varied and intense as would be expected of a species known for their animalistic tendencies. Keep an ice cold glass of water nearby as one will certainly need to cool off after reading this story.   **Note: it is possible that an incorrect, pre-final edit copy of the book was sent to the reviewer, even so long after the release date. But as it can not be determined with absolute certainty, the reviewer opted to leave in the editing comments as a precaution to future purchasers... just in case.   Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.  IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT  Serena Wilde is in a bind. She is a werewolf just coming into her annual wolf heat phase. She desperately needs to get away from her sanctuary, the wolf preserve run by Dr. Kearnan Gray where she has lived and worked for three years. No human man can satisfy her sexual urges during her wolf heat and she can't let her boss know of her true identity. If he knew what she was, he'd hate her for it, and she'd need to find a new place to hide from the domineering leader of her pack, who has decided he wants Serena no matter what.   Kearnan created the preserve as a way to escape his ancestry. He must keep his true identity secret for if Serena knew the truth about him she'd run, just like she did from her own pack. He senses she is his one true mate, but unfortunately for him, she is unaware of this fact. He knows that the only way into her heart is to capture her and forcefully show her that this is her destiny. What will happen though when her pack catches up to them and his true identity is revealed?   For fans of strong paranormal erotica with some D/s bondage scenes, this story will entice. Domination and submission is the way of life in a wolf pack, since as people know, wolves are led by the strongest, most dominant alpha wolf and his chosen mate. That aspect of pack life is covered in spades in In the Heat of the Night. Serena is absolutely furious to find she has been imprisoned by Kearnan, vowing revenge at any cost. However, her tune changes dramatically when he proves that he alone can sate her sexual hunger in the strongest days of her heat cycle. She comes to love his domination over her, even revel in it. The sex scenes between them are explosive, causing readers to sit up and take notice, and maybe even start looking for their own significant others.   Kearnan is a tortured male, feeling that his family line makes him a lesser being then others of the werewolf community. While at first readers will not understand his feelings, they come to understand him when his genealogy is revealed. Serena is somewhat harder to relate to, however. Her reason for fleeing her pack - to escape the alpha, Alex Whitehorse, who wants her as mate - doesn't completely gel with her behavior with Kearnan. Her biggest complaint is the fact she does not love Alex. While the fact she does not love him is completely understandable since wolves (and werewolves) mate for life so therefore she would not submit to him. Yet with Kearnan, she falls under his spell immediately and is eager for attentions though she hates him for imprisoning her.  Unfortunately, the editing in this book is terrible. There are misused words, misplaced words, and just plain old bad grammar. Punctuation is incorrect or missing altogether. The poor editing in parts can cause readers to be pulled out of the story. One can only hope that editing will improve in future books by the publisher.   Readers of the first book in the series, Perfumed Heat, will enjoy the opportunity to visit with some of the characters, even for as short a time as they are in this story. The secondary characters each have their own stories as well, and will leave one eager for more background on them. One character that stands out is George Two Bears, who is the most mysterious of all characters in the book, and evidently has quite a history of his own.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.     