 Courtesy of Love Romances  Belle Gray is finally free. She has spent the past several years taking care of her heartbroken father after the death of his mate. Years have passed in which Belle put her own life on hold in order to help keep her father happy and his business flourishing. Now that he has found a new mate, Belle no longer has to worry about him. She is free to live her life as she sees fit and enjoy a long past due vacation. Off Belle goes to a wilderness cabin for a break, never expecting it will change her fate.  Alex is the Alpha leader of his pack, recently spurned by the woman he expected to be his mate.  While out running in wolf form to relieve some of his anger at this turn of events he is shot by a hunter. When he runs off to heal his wounds, Belle comes along and takes him in to nurse him back to health. Sparks fly and passions grow, but what will happen when he discovers she is exactly what he despises... an abomination - half werewolf and half true wolf? Is their new love strong enough to overcome Alex's prejudices and the attitudes of most pure werewolves?  Readers will enjoy this latest in Judy Mays' Heat series. It has all the steamy love scenes, the passion of the players, and the animalistic nature of werewolves that can be found in the two preceding books. Fortunately too, significantly improved editing prevents the distracting errors of the first two books. The conflict between Belle and Alex is very real as he tries to come to terms with his biases, and she has to learn to accept the authority of her new alpha male.  Belle is a free spirit who, as much as she adores her father, longed for the day she could be free to pursue her own life. The opportunity finally comes and she leaps at the chance to explore her wild side. When Alex arrives, she was not too thrilled initially at her much needed vacation being interrupted, until she realizes he is the one mate for her. Watching her begin to love Alex, in spite of their differences, and seeing her pain at his attitude towards her family will touch readers at the heart. Alex is miserable over his assumed mate turning away from him for another. Though he is nursing his pride more than his heart, readers will feel his emotions. His prejudices towards half-breeds like Belle and her siblings, partially based on general werewolf attitude, is enhanced by the fact he feels he was rejected for a "lesser" being. Their growth as people, individually and together, makes for a story one will love to read.  Secondary characters as always add a little something extra here, especially when it becomes apparent that some of them will get their own story. Readers will love this foray into the lives and erotic adventures of Belle and Alex in A Midsummer's Night Heat by Judy Mays.    Kelley A. Hartsell, September 2005. All rights reserved.     