 Courtesy of Love Romances Sarah Walker has just moved to LA for her fianc, Benjamin. She has no job, no money, but she moved into an apartment with the expectation he would be living with her and covering the expenses while she took her time finding a job she really liked. When Benjamin bails out on her at the last minute, she is stuck, having no idea what to do next. Sarah decides to take on a roommate, Martika, to help foot the bills while she searches for her dream job... and a new life as a single woman in the city. What she finds is a string of go-nowhere jobs where she is overworked, underpaid, and extremely miserable. Her social life is nil and she finds out how totally unprepared for city life she was. No problem! Martika steps in, making Sarah her pet project. She'll create a new image and a new lifestyle for small-town Sarah, pulling out all the stops. Sarah is uncomfortable at first, but finds herself adapting and actually enjoying her new life, even putting Martika to shame. Single life in the city turns down home girl into a party princess. This is a cute funny read, giving a wild taste of what being a single woman in a big city can really be like. Written in wit and style of Sex and the City or Seinfeld, it is a hilarious look at life in the real world, where men and women alike are far from perfect. Sarah starts out as a shy wallflower type, with her life plan set in stone, and turns into a smart sassy, wise-cracking woman who isn't afraid to speak her mind loud and clear, and throws out that former life plan and decides to just "wing it." Sarah's friends are wacky and loveable. There is brassy Martika who revels in her singledom, and Tika's best friend Taylor. Then there are Kit, who is just plain normal; and Judith, an uptight straitlaced wife to her lawyer husband who finds her life lacking when she strikes up an online romance that helps her realize what she needs. The reader can't help but hope to see a couple of these characters (especially Judith or Martika for this reviewer) pop back up in a story all their own later on. If wild exploits and off the wall humor in every day life is what one is looking for, Ms. Yardley's story is the one of choice. Full of laugh out loud moments and often sarcastic views of life, this book won't disappoint.      