 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Cassie Grant is a true romantic... and her radio show capitalizes on her passion for love. She spends every night helping her listeners find or strengthen their own true loves. Just as she is about to find her own happy-ever-after, life intervenes with the cancellation of her wedding. Now Cassie is determined to spend her life as a stereotypical spinster (but with a dog instead of a cat) who plays matchmaker for everyone else, with no expectations for her own love life. However, sometimes fate has other plans...  Jonathan Cooper is a divorce lawyer who doesn't believe in love. How can he, when every day he deals with clients whose "till death do us part" vows really mean "till I tire of you." He and Cassie have grown to be good friends since he moved in next door and the introduction of her horse-dog brings them even closer. Now that she's suddenly single, he finds things have changed between them,... and could it be? Is he actually changing his mind about true love?  Cassie is an effervescent romantic, who tries to put her rose colored glasses aside, only to find it impossible to do so. Does this remind some readers of their own rises and falls on the roller coaster of love? Jonathan is a complete realist, totally unconvinced that such a thing as "love" can exist between two people. Watching his progression from doubting to believing will provide plenty of amusement for readers. Add in a huge, loveable puppy and an ex-fianc? who can't let go and this charming story will carry one away for a few hours to another world.  Plenty of tension-charged witty repartee zings back and forth between the stubborn lovebirds. Night Calls, the concluding title in the WLVH "Lovehandles" trilogy will, as with the preceding books, provide ample giggles and sighs. Holly Jacobs' trademark humor is evident on every page and sure to please readers. By the conclusion of this tale, one will have once again fallen in love with Jonathan and Cassie, and Dudley too.  ? Kelley A. Hartsell, February 2006. All rights reserved.     