 Courtesy of Love Romances Damien St. James, Sinjin to his friends, and a several hundred year-old vampire, moved to New Orleans from his lifelong home in Scotland upon the death of his true love. He needed to make a new start in a new place. So he purchased a rundown bar in hopes to begin with that. Sinjin has sworn off all relationships with women beyond mere pleasure, convinced it is too painful to love and lose.  Vivian Carrington is mourning the loss of her best friend in the world. She has a rude awakening, realizing her own life got off track somewhere and she is not t he person she always longed to be. Her life is empty and meaningless, making her wonder who would miss her if she were the one who died. Vivian decides to go find herself and ends up in New Orleans, in the mysterious Sinjin's bar. Vivian is in New Orleans to research a book her good friend is writing, truly enjoying the work and her time alone. She is in no mood to get involved in any new relationships with anyone, let alone a man too sexy for his own good. Sinjin isn't looking to get involved with anyone either, but something about Vivian fascinates him and he can't get her out of his mind. When he approaches her and she spurns his advances, he is all the more intrigued by this one woman who won't give him the time of day. Vivian is attracted to Sinjin, despite her efforts to ignore him. When one of Sinjin's hostesses in the bar is injured, Vivian pitches in to lend a helping hand. She is surprised to find she enjoys the job, and the close contact to Sinjin that comes along with it. The longer she continues to fill in and get to know him, the more her defenses are broken down. Vivian's peace of mind is short lived, unfortunately. There are many secrets in the New Orleans underworld, secrets she could never begin to comprehend or believe, not the least of which is Sinjin's own secret about who he really is. When those same secrets bring danger to Vivian, he must do what he can to protect her. Now he has to decide if he should tell her the truth and risk Vivian turning away from him in horror. Will she be able to accept him as he is and commit to an eternity of his love? This sixth installment in Ms. Wilder's SHADOW DWELLERS series shows the saga is far from over. With the introduction of yet more characters and subplots, it is apparent the stage is being set for future adventures. Various paranormal and immortal beings are found throughout: witches, vampires, werecreatures, and many more. Vivian and Sinjin are a dramatic couple, opposite in many things, but alike in many more ways then they think. There are a few jumps in the timeline of this story, which can be disconcerting as there is no warning, but this is likely due to the limitations of the length of the book. Also, a few key plotlines are left hanging, hopefully to be resolved in the next tale in the series.      