 Courtesy of Love Romances  Tender is the Knight showcases Jackie Ivie's skill at writing stories to warm the heart.  Elise, Duchess of Wynd, has seen much unpleasantness in her young life. Experience has molded her into a seemingly cold woman who hides her emotions behind an icy veneer. A sharp wit and a rapier tongue keep people at a distance and reinforce their opinions of her as an ice princess. None of them know that behind the cool exterior is a woman full of love to give and secrets to keep.  Colin, Duke of MacGowan, has come to London to take care of some business resulting from his new title. He desires to return to his home in Scotland, but meeting an icy beauty intrigues him for the time he is in London. As much as Elise infuriates him, she captivates him as no woman ever has before and he finds himself unable to resist.  Unfortunately, Elise holds a dark secret that will affect both of them. The longer she puts off telling him, the harder it is to reveal. It doesn't help matters that he makes her feel things she thought never to experience. Can their newfound love overcome all the obstacles between them? And what of her secret? What will he do when he discovers the truth?  The adventures of Elise and Colin bound across England and Scotland. Ms. Ivie does an incredible job describing the landscape and events of the times. Readers will feel like they are there, participating in the events in the expensive London homes, and traveling across the rolling hills and mountains as they journey on to Scotland. The author is brilliant in the dialogue, from the witty repartee Elise exchanges with the English nobles to the conversations Colin shares with his men. Readers will hear in their minds the thick Scottish brogue as well as the perfectly proper English language used.  Elise is a wounded woman, having lived through dark events no gently bred lady should ever have to experience. It is no wonder she has built up her cold exterior to hold pain at bay. One will understand how she has come to be the person she is and will rejoice in her blooming into a radiant young woman. Though others see her as unfeeling, those closest to her know the truth about who she really is.  Colin is all Scottish alpha male - strong, demanding, and allowing no opposition. Yet when surrounded by people he cares deeply about, he is a completely different man. However, for most of the book, this reviewer had a very difficult time accepting that while he can be so stubborn and merciless when crossed, he is so gentle to the ones he loves. It was very hard to believe he cared deeply for Elise considering some of his treatment of her until the very end of the book when he learns why she has disguised her love behind her frosty surface.  Though it took a long while for this reviewer to warm up to Colin, she thoroughly enjoyed her adventures in England and Scotland, and looks forward to future works by Jackie Ivie.   Kelley A. Hartsell, October 2005. All rights reserved.     