 The Runner of Pern by Anne McCaffrey  A young woman from a family of "runners" of news, is sent on her first long run and gets knocked off the path into dangerous sickle bushes. She ends up at a station house until she can heal and bumps in to the man who ran her off the path, and ends up falling for him in the end.   I was bored with this one. I'm sure there was supposed to be more to this story then I got but it just wasn't appealing enough to keep my interest. I liked the touch of romance found in this story, and the concept of how news gets around in this world is enjoyable, but other then that, this story left something to be desired.  The Wood Boy by Raymond E Feist: I already forget most of this story. A compound is attacked and everyone slain but the young wood boy and a young girl with whom he is friends. The girl was taken by the murderer and the wood boy goes to rescue her, only to have disastous results.   This book was not appealing to me and I didn't get anything out of it, hence why I already forget most of it, even having just "read" it a week ago. I suppose it could have been a good story as it started out interesting, and the series it stems from may be a good one, but I'm not going to try any more of them just now.  The Hedge Knight by George R R Martin  A young squire is knighted just before his master knight dies. Dunk, the former squire, goes off to compete in a tourney. Along the way, he takes on a young orphaned boy as his squire who is not at all what he seems. All comes out in the open when Dunk the knight defends a young woman against one of the cruel princes and he finds he must face the consequences of what happened.   This was the most interesting of the three stories in this volume. I'm actually interested in this one and following along quite nicely, not getting distracted in the middle of it. I love the idea of medieval knghts standing up for honor and support of those in need. It must be the romantic in me who enjoys this sort of thing.     