 Courtesy of Love Romances Darcy is the youngest of the Gallagher siblings and the only one still looking for happily-ever-after. She is a small town girl with big city dreams. She swears she will only marry a rich man who can give her the exotic life she has always longed for. She believes in fate and magic and faery legends, but who wouldn't when living a life in the small Irish town of Ardmore, where legends are a matter of course? Trevor Magee is an Irishman who was raised in the US by his exceedingly practical parents. He comes to Ardmore to build a theatre, and learn more about his family history and what caused them to abandon their roots. He is happy to meet the Gallagher clan and is brought into their fold. When he first sees Darcy in a window, he is fascinated by her beauty and is determined to get to know her. Trevor and Darcy are mutually attracted and agreeable to having a fling. Darcy has no interest in love, only money and fame; Trevor doesn't believe in love, but is willing to shower Darcy with riches and adventure. The more they are together, the more they are drawn to each other, until their agreement is no longer enough. With the help of Carrick the faery prince and his lady love who is now a ghost, maybe Trevor and Darcy will come together and realize their real dreams are in fact each other. This conclusion to the Gallagher trilogy is definitely not the best of the three. It is in fact, extremely disappointing. Darcy is very shallow, caring only about money and fame and flaunting them both. When she was a minor character in the other two books, this was tolerable, when she is the heroine, it is annoying. All through the story, she made it very clear to Trevor that was all she wanted from him, nothing more. Until she started to fall in love with him... Then suddenly she gets angry when that is all he is giving her, though she never told him her feelings had changed and that she now wanted more. She expected him to be a mind reader and got mad when he wasn't. Her only saving grace is her love for her family. It is obvious how much she cares about them and is evident she would do anything for them. Trevor tries hard to meet her desires, even when he comes to realize he wants more then her gratitude. He goes out of his way to accommodate what she had originally desired and is confused when she isn't happy with that anymore. Trevor is seen for the good man he is, all the way to the end, but Darcy never redeems herself, in this reviewer's opinion. Also disappointing was the conclusion of the underlying story woven throughout the entire trilogy...the story of Carrick and Gwen. They both only played minor roles in all three books, but the reader comes to love them both and hope for the curse placed by Carrick, in a moment of sorrow and anger, to be broken. Much build-up to their story's conclusion was given, and more was expected then was granted. Their saga's end is brushed over, added almost as an afterthought, where this reviewer would have liked to see a better climactic ending.      