 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Tanner Ericson was a prince... a real live honest to goodness, of-royal-blood-with-a- country-of-his-own, prince. He's come to Erie, PA to find his betrothed. Needless to say, he's quite surprised when a spunky, no-nonsense, Harley riding, redhead greets him at the airport instead. Shey Carlson would do anything for a friend, even run interference on an unwanted fianc.  Tanner and Shey couldn't be more different. He's royalty, for heaven's sake! She is an intelligent, independent woman who has worked hard for everything she has. So why is it that the more she tries to keep him occupied and away from Parker, the more she wants to be with him? However, he's got a marriage of duty and responsibility to a princess on the brain. Or does he? As it turns out, Shey may be exactly what he really wants... and needs.  Ms. Jacobs continues her Perry Square Royalty trilogy with this second book. As always, her characters come alive as kind and friendly souls readers would expect to bump into in their own hometowns. Shey's tough biker chic faade protects her heart of gold. She loves her friends dearly and having had a tough childhood knows what it is like to need help, so she gives back in her own way. She gives food to the hungry and teaches some how to read, being passionate about illiteracy. One can't help but love her.  Tanner grew up never lacking for anything, except maybe love. His parents were too busy doing their royal duty to care much about him. His attempts to find love have always ended when the woman cared more about his crown than they did him. Maybe that's why he bonded so strongly with his security team, who are more friends then bodyguards. He had hoped his engagement would give him what he needed, but never realized how empty his life had been... until Shey dropped in to his life.  This book is interesting in that it actually takes place at the same time as Once upon a Princess, which was released in May, so there are some scenes from the first book in this one as well, but from a different perspective. Many of the fellow Perry Square residents pop in for a visit, as is to be expected in this series. Holly Jacobs has developed quite a cozy little family through her sweet romances. When readers open one of her books, they find they have once again come home to where they belong.   Kelley A. Hartsell, April 2005. All rights reserved.     