 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  This, the latest book in the Dark saga, will reel readers in, be they new or old fans. Also, Ms. Feehan introduces a new kind of heroine, her first ever, female vampire hunter.  Destiny is a rarity in the Carpathian world. She is a female vampire hunter, which before now was absolutely unheard of in their society. At a very young age, her family had been horrifically murdered by the hated vampire, and she was kidnapped, brutalized and converted by him. As a result, she has always felt alone in the world, soiled and ruined as a result of her experiences. Except for him...  Nicolae is an ancient, sent out centuries ago to hunt the undead, the vampires, those of their race who lost all hope and turned to the bad as a result. He was on the brink of losing his hold in the world and turning himself, when a powerful connection to a young girl in agony saved him. He taught her everything he knew about hunting vampires, giving her the power and control she needed to keep herself alive and sane.  Nicolae and Destiny finally come face to face when he finds her and rescues her from a vampire ambush. As a result of the tragedies she lived through as a child, Destiny trusts no one, especially Nicolae, whom she at first believes to be a vampire. He can do no other then protect her, his lifemate, as it is ingrained into all Carpathian men from birth. When it becomes apparent that Destiny's town is about to become a battlefield between Carpathians and vampires, Destiny and Nicole have to fight what could very well be a fight to the death, to rescue the people they have come to love. Will they succeed and will Destiny finally be able to overcome her past?  This story is different then the previous books in the series, with a darker feel. Destiny is mentally and physically scarred from her conversion by a vampire and her battles to destroy them. She believes she is unclean, contaminated, and will never be good enough for her kind. Nicolae has always been powerful and never loses a battle. It tears him up inside that he can't help Destiny win her emotional battles, or take them upon himself and spare her the misery. Though it contradicts his very nature, he knows what she needs to be whole again.  As always, the author expands on the world she has created, introducing new aspects previously unknown to readers. There are even a few sideline stories, which will interest, and maybe even answer a few questions, fans have long wondered about. One will experience many different emotions while reading, from tears of happiness to tears of sorrow, pleasure and pain, anger and joy. One will also love to see new characters who may later get their own stories?, as well as some returning favorites.  However, for this reviewer, in spite of some appealing details and plot lines, this story just did not captivate as previous books have done. There were a couple sub-plots, which felt unnecessary to the story, though their intended purpose was evident. It just seems the reasons for them could have been handled in another way through the main story line. It felt like this particular sub-plot could have been completely removed and the story would have been no worse off for it. Also, some of the new details and vivid descriptions of some aspects of Destiny's conversion and subsequent suffering were too unbelievable for this reviewer to fully appreciate them.  One other thing about this story which didn't sit well with this reviewer, was some of the writing itself. There were so many sentence fragments and one-word sentences through the entire book that it became very distracting. Whether this is a new situation or an old one that was not really noticed before, or just the need for more editing, it took away from the story. It is apparent that this writing style was used for a reason, possibly to give the feel of stream-of-consciousness and thoughts of the characters. Where this worked fine for the dialogue and for the internal thinking and conversing of the characters as it suited how they'd be thinking, it just did not work at all for the narrative portions of the story.  All in all, a passable story for the series, and likely it was just a "bump in the road" for the author, with future books to be back to what one has come to expect from a story by Ms. Feehan.   Kelley A. Hartsell, June 2004. All rights reserved.     