 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Chief Warrant Officer Vickey Mabrey has been chosen for a new mission. Due to her Native American heritage she has been selected to search for a powerful totem item belonging to the Eastern Cherokee. The fact she's recently been having disturbing dreams featuring that very item convince her that this mission is to be nothing like her others. When she finds out who her partner is to be, she is furious as she is still affected by something that happened several years ago.  Chief Warrant Officer Griff Hutchinson has just transferred the jungles of Peru to work with the elite Black Jaguar squadron. His new mission appeals to him until he finds out who he is to be working with. Vickey has never forgiven him for an incident in flight school several years ago where Griff took part in a plot to get all of the women in the program expelled. The years have changed him though and he hopes to prove to her he is a different man. This mission to track down a crystal star seems like just what he needs to prove himself to her.  Danger abounds around every corner though as they must battle the employees of Robert Marston, who will do anything to get the prized item to their boss. Vickey and Griff must put their past behind them if they hope to win this battle.  This is the second story in the Sisters of the Ark trilogy by Ms. McKenna. As with the first one it is satisfactory, but nothing extraordinary. The lot is sound and interesting, using Native American beliefs and magic to develop and progress the plot. Readers will enjoy the glimpse in to that way of life, and will find many details from which to learn. While the books are stand alone, there are a few references to the first book to help readers know what is going on, but not enough to make the story hard to follow if reading just this one.  Readers also get a chance to visit briefly with the hero and heroine from the preceding novel. New characters are introduced in addition to Vickey and Griff to advance the story and give another look at the personalities of the lead characters. The added tension of their past history provides for the conflict between them. However, this reviewer felt that Vickey held on to her grudge far longer then she needed to, holding Griff responsible. The fact that she has progressed through the ranks even faster then he did, and the fact that she is his superior, should be enough of a slap in his face for her. Her constant complaints about what happened got old after a while. Also, she came across as trying to hard to be tough. If Vickey had called one more person "dude" this reviewer would have screamed and thrown the book against a wall. Griff is believable however, his remorse over the role he played in past events was quite evident. He had learned his lesson and that same lesson has followed him all throughout his military career.  This reviewer does look forward to the final story in the trilogy, to see how the overall story pans out.   Kelley A. Hartsell, May 2005. All rights reserved.     