 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  The story of the Fyne sisters, and the curse upon them, continues in this, the second story of the trilogy.  Juliet Fyne was the unimpressive middle sister, or so she thought. She's always had less magical ability then her sisters. Where her sisters were strikingly beautiful, Juliet felt she was plain and unremarkable. Yet she had come to terms with her place in the family and accepted who she was. However when she and her eldest sister Isadora are kidnapped by the emperor's armies, her life is about to get interesting.  Ryn is of a different race... part human, part wolf; his life is subject to the phases of the moon. For as long as he can remember, he's dreamed of a red-haired woman who was meant to be his. When he finds her in the hands of her captors, he rescues her, only to make her his own captive as he took her to his home.   Along the way they find middle ground, growing closer and closer to each other as Juliet accepts she is to be Ryn's mate. That is, until the day they arrive and she finds that fate is not done with her yet. Ancient prophecy foretold of the coming of a new leader of his people, but can Juliet and Ryn overcome the beliefs of his people to find their own happiness? And what of her powers that have grown remarkably throughout her journey. What does that mean for their newfound love?  Juliet was probably this reviewer's favorite of the Fyne sisters and she is therefore glad to have her story. Juliet is the peacemaker of the family, quiet, soft spoken, making sure things run smoothly. She's always had the opinion she was less then her sisters, but never let that get in the way of their relationship. When she is kidnapped and rescued by her new captor, she finally has the chance to come in to her own. No longer in the shadows of her powerful sisters, her own beauty and abilities have room to shine. Her reaction to how her life has turned out is believable, something to which anyone can relate.  Ryn is all alpha male, a given considering the fact he is of a race of wolf shape shifters. Too often authors make shape shifters too human for the fact they are half animal. It was refreshing to see that Ms. Jones does not discount the animalistic nature of Ryn's kind. He has human emotions and behaviors, but his more primal behavior caused by what he is, is given its due as well. How he determines Juliet is his, as well as the way he reacts to her, is a result of the wolf half of his nature.  Readers will also love the mystical bend given to Juliet's abilities. She is of the earth, and as such that is the root of all her power and strength. The prophecy of Ryn's people adds a different view to the story, playing an interesting role considering the curse on the Fyne women. How these two legends come together makes for an interesting read.  Enough of a glimpse is given in to the other players in the series to satisfy readers as well. We see a bit of Sophie and how her life has played out. There is also perspective given in to Isadora's nature that hints at what will come in her own story. Then who can forget the Emperor and Liane, their own love story being expanded upon in this book. It is evident that none of these plot lines are compete yet, which will make one very eager to read the concluding title in the trilogy, The Star Witch, due out in December 2005.   Kelley A. Hartsell, July 2005. All rights reserved.      