 Courtesy of Love Romances Lady Avallyn le Severn, Priestess of the Bones and Princess of the White Palace, has spent her entire 125 years of life awaiting the fulfillment of a sacred prophecy that will save the Earth from an ancient and deadly curse. Dharkkum is the great living darkness which consumes all it comes in contact with, leaving nothing but desolation behind. She is supposed to combine her powers and abilities with those of the foretold Prince of Time. They will set out together on a dangerous journey to defeat their greatest enemy once and for all. Her mission is to rescue a magical book from the Lost Five, great and powerful warriors who became trapped in the last great battle. They sacrificed themselves to save the world, 10000 years ago in 12th century Wales. Morgan ab Kynan is a washed out drunken thief, who comes from a long ago age, thrust forward in time by an accident of fate. But was it really an accident? Or was it predestined? He arrives in a time and place unlike everything he knows, yet eerily familiar. He is permanently scarred, both mentally and physically, from his last battle with Dharkkum, in ancient Wales. During the battle he was thrust into the time weir, created by the great golden worms, guardians of time. He was cast forward in time, surviving terror and wounds he thought were the end of him. His only thoughts are to escape living nightmare only he can see. Now he must take his place alongside Avallyn, so they can meet their destiny. When first they meet, Avallyn is horrified at the man fate has chosen to defeat the evil Dharkkum. Yet she is inexplicably drawn to Morgan all the same. She must help him overcome his weaknesses and his fears so they can fulfill their destiny. They join forces in preparation for their journey to the distant past and put an end to the great darkness and nightmare. Their goals are tested by a cruel villain from Morgan's past, who is partially consumed and twisted by the very curse they are out to destroy. He will stop at nothing, and will even follow them through time, to get what he desires; an end to his living death and Avallyn. Morgan and Avallyn are joined by a motley group of friends, which include a young warrior boy, an ancient priestess, a powerful mage, some mysterious shapeshifters and fellow timeriders, and a few of the Fae folk. There is even a pair of legendary dragons, the only creatures who can destroy Dharkkum for all eternity. Join Morgan and Avallyn on their travels through time and their journey to an eternal love. Ms. McReynolds has spun a magical tale, a worthy conclusion to her trilogy. Once again, she does not disappoint. This is a beautiful tale of destiny and love intertwined, and its ability to conquer all, even time itself. She weaves a tale combining enchanting characters, who firmly entrench themselves in the reader's heart, with a fanciful plot and some shocking twists. This reviewer would have liked to see the actual journey through time play a bigger role in the story however. The story focused more on the attempt to make it to the time weir than the actual timeriding of the characters. Especially considering the name of the book. The journey through time almost seems just tacked on to the end.  Past characters also make several appearances in this book, mainly through flashbacks. All in all, an entirely compelling read, the only big disappointment being that this is the end of the story. This reviewer certainly hopes Ms. McReynolds will write more fantasy romances like this one.   Kelley A. Hartsell, 2001. All rights reserved.     