 Courtesy of Love Romances Becca Smith is fairly new to the small Massachusetts town of Moriah's Landing. From the moment she arrived, this place felt like home: she felt like she belonged. It was the perfect place for her to begin a new life. In a town where secrets and legends were a way of life, she fit right in... for she had a few secrets of her own - the biggest being that she has no memory of her life up to shortly before arriving in town. Dr. David Bryson is a recluse, hideously scarred in the explosion that took his fiance, Tasha Pierce, from him five years ago. Many of the townsfolk thought him to be responsible for Tasha's death, and almost all of them believed him to be crazy. He hid himself in his home, The Bluffs, and in the shadows, never allowing anyone to see his deformities in the light of day. He believed he would never again care for someone as deeply as he did for Tasha, until Becca came to town. Becca is drawn to David, for reasons she cannot fathom. So when he proposes she come to his home to work for him, she can't resist the opportunity to meet the man whose velvet voice haunts her dreams. Everyone tries to convince her to stay away from David, saying he's dangerous, but Becca goes anyway. Once she meets him, and finds he is all she expected and more, nothing can keep her away. He is obsessed with her, and against his better judgment, asks her to live in his home while she is working there. When dead bodies of young women start turning up, the town fears the serial killer from 20 years ago has struck again. It soon becomes apparent that Becca is the next intended victim, and David will do whatever is necessary to protect her. At the same time, Claire Cavendish, who escaped the killer five years ago with her mind shattered, starts to remember what happened to her, making her a target as well. Will they find the killer before it is too late for Becca and Claire? Ms. Wayne does a first-rate job of bringing the saga of Moriah's Landing to a close, all the while not allowing Becca and David's story to take a backseat to the big picture. One can't help but feel the electricity between the two of them as they both try to come to terms with their issues: Becca convinced David is too obsessed with Tasha, and David still feeling the pain of losing the love of his life, and the guilt that he couldn't save her. David is torn between his loyalty to Tasha and his undeniable attraction to Becca. The solution to these problems is shocking and unexpected. The suspense never lets up of the underlying mystery throughout all four books. The reader is sucked in, eager for the twists and turns the mystery takes, which lead right up to the dramatic conclusion. As Claire slowly remembers what happened to her on the fateful night that changed the lives of those four women, one will cheer for her and the strength she finds, to face her inner demons and brush aside the veil on her memory. Behind the Veil is an engrossing read which is far from disappointing. Pick up a copy today, as well as the other three books in the mini-series, they are all not-to-be-missed. This reviewer also hopes that the publisher will take pity on its readers, and provide a story for Claire...      