 Reviewed by Kelley Hartsell for Love Romances Saegar, son of the former King (Okeana) of Pacifica, is one of the cursed of his people; he is meremer. Every once in a great while, one of the merfolk is born unable to change. Tail or legs... they can only have one and cannot change back and forth between land and sea abilities. Twenty-five years ago, he and his sisters were sent away from home for their protection, when war ravaged the island. Beth Livingston hates the sea, getting dreadfully seasick every time she sets foot on a boat. Her father, Carl, loved the ocean and was always happiest when sailing its broad expanse for one of his adventures. Lately, his health had been failing and Beth would do anything to make him happy, even if she was less than thrilled with the idea. Saegar was finally returning home after his long exile in the seas. He couldn't leave the water, so he had spent many lonely years swimming the ocean. One day, he sees Beth on her father's boat, and mistakes her being ill for a plea for help in the old ways of his people. He comes to aid her... and gets captured for his trouble. Carl's crew, headed by the smarmy and sometimes cruel Ralph, captures Saegar and locks him in a tank in the hold. They plan to showcase him as the exotic being he is, and make lots of money in the process. When Beth first sees Saegar in his tank, she is stunned. Unbelievable! Here in the flesh (or should she say scales?) is her father's dream come to life. He always believed there were merfolk out there somewhere, but was made a mockery of for his beliefs. She is excited for her father but at the same time she feels sympathy for - and overwhelming attraction to - the creature. When she discovers he has very human characteristics, along with his tail, as well as feelings and a family, she feels terrible he is a virtual prisoner. Saegar asks her help in regaining his freedom but Beth is torn. Does she keep him there, as proof of her father's dream? Or does she help this being whom she is drawn more and more too, and her to her, as they have gotten to know each other? This is the delightful third installment in A Tale of the Sea miniseries. Ms. Paul has written such an entertaining story, full of laughs and angst. Saegar and Beth are perfect for each other, in spite of their biological differences. The humor in how Saegar comes to Beth's attention was well done, as is Beth's treatment of him when she believes he cannot understand a word she says. The rest of the supporting characters are wonderfully depicted as well, from Beth's eccentric father, to his rather mismatched crew. The story does tend to drag a little in the middle however. There really is not a whole lot one can do with being stuck on a ship and trapped in a tank for the bulk of the story. But the wit used to liven things up keeps the reader entertained. This story caused this reviewer to be Caught By Surprise with the way it was written and the exploits of the crew and their entanglements with a creature of myth. One certainly looks forward to the conclusion of the series in October with, For the Taking by Lillian Darcy.      