 Well for starters, Amazon has the links for these ALL screwed up and I could only get to Volume 2 through a backwards method. And since the links are messed up, I can't load a review of Legends Volume 3 where it belongs, WITH Volume 3. So I'm going to review that at the bottom of this one. So this review is actually for parts 2 AND 3 of the Legends anthology.  Legends Volume 2-- New Spring by Robert Jordan  This was very hard to follow for new readers of the Wheel of Time series.   The gist seems to be that a great hero/leader, The Dragon, has been reborn and there are many who want to find him for different reasons. The evil Black Aja sisters want to destroy him and are going around murdering anyone young man they think may be the dragon. The rest of the Aja, and their allies, are looking for him to protect him and aid him in learning his abilities.   At least I think that is what it was about, and I listened more then once. I did grasp the idea of the Dragon and I understood there are different sects of the Aja, defined by their color. What the difference between them is I have no idea. I can only assume that is explained in the full length novels in the series.  The Sea and Little Fishes by Terry Pratchett  It is the time for the annual town fair, of which the favorite event is the witch competition. Granny Weatherwax has always one and this year people don't want her to participate. At the same time, Granny decides to go on a "friendly" binge, at the advice of her friend Nanny Og. But her attempts to be friendly backfire when everyone assumes she's only doing that to try and cause trouble.   I liked this story, even not having read anything else by this author. I especially loved Granny, in spite of her gruff and less then friendly attitude. she rang true to me, probably becasue everyone can think of at least one grumpy elderly person they know. Even though she is not te nicest of people, readers know there is more to her then meets the eye or else Nanny would not be friends with her.  The Grinning Man by Orson Scott Card  Alvin Maker and his young companion are passing through when they come across a young man, davey crockett grinning down a grizzly bear. it turns out the bear wins the match and that means Crockett because his "pet." So they travel around and bump in to Alvin again in a small village with a crook for a miller.  This story was somewhat corny, but amusing. Alvin seems like an intriguing fellow and will make readers want to know more about him, possibly reading other books in the series by this author. I especially liked the entirely different perspective given in to the person of davy Crockett, and loved the idea of his relationship to the bear.  Legends Volume 3-- Debt of Bones by Terry Goodkind  A young woman goes to the high wizard of her land in order to seek his aid in rescuing her family from the rival land. She calls the wizard on a "Debt of Bones" between her mother and his father when he refuses, only to find that after he grudgingly agrees, this debt is not what she expected at all.   Interesting story that I enjoyed and was fairly easy to follow. There are a couple twists in the story to shock readers. I enjoyed visiting this world and would not be opposed to a future visit.   Dragonfly by Ursula K Le Guin  A young girl who desires to be trained in the ways of the wizards heads off on a journey with a former student of the wizards, in the hopes she can convince the wizards to break with tradition of only teaching boys, so she can learn magic. When she gets there, nothing goes as she hoped and she discovers a shocking secret about her lineage.   Not a bad story but confusing in many parts. Also, this author desperately needs a better editor as she's extremely repetitive and has a tendency to overuse words and phrases to the point it gets very annoying. It also gives a good glimpse in to the "politics" of the Earthsea world and how women are valued and thought of there.  The Burning Man by Tad Williams  To be honest I had no clue what this story was about. Something about a man who appears in fire but I couldn't even quite figure out why he appeared. I tried listening to this story a couple times and could not get in to it at all and had no clue what was happening. I finally gave up.  I tried to listen to this one three times and could not grasp it at all. this could be due to the fact I like to listen to books when driving so occasionally I miss things, but with almoste very other book I've "read" this way, I always come away with far more understanding of what happened and why then I did of this story.   If readers have not tried Tad Williams' works before, this is not the story with which to start. However, those who have read other books set in this world will likely understand and follow it much better then newcomers would.     