 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Readers will not be disappointed in the eagerly anticipated sequel to The Eternal Trust. Ms. Haynes proves once again she is becoming a force to be reckoned with in the paranormal romance genre.  Jonathon "Spence" Spencer does not remember much about his past, he does not remember he was once a part of a secret organization of spies who used psychic abilities to get information on their subjects. He does not remember he was once the best man on the team, or that he used to act as an assassin for this organization. He is perfectly content in the life he has created for himself as a security systems specialist over the past 5-10 years, the close relationship he has built with his best friend Mike Gabrielli and Mike's wife and son.  Rian Farsante works undercover for Datascape, the biggest client Spence has in his small business, and unbeknownst to him, the very agency he worked for and of which he has no memory. Her cover, and her favored career, is a licensed psychologist specializing in past life regression therapy. Her real job was to track down Spence as Datascape wants him back for a mission only he can handle. What she never counted on was the connection between her and Spence, one that has lived through several of their past lives together.  The samurai sword that brought Mike and Dorel together, changing their lives forever and nearly killing them, has been found. Despite being destroyed several years earlier by Spence, it still holds immense power in the curse placed on it at forging. Datascape wants that power for reasons unknown to any but the highest echelons of its organization and the only one who can repair the sword and awaken the power again is the very man who destroyed it.  Some quick thinking on Rian's part, and months of work battering down his psychic defenses, convinces Spence to allow her to regress him when he starts having unexplainable lapses of consciousness. What they find in their sessions neither expected. They have a history of past lives together as a very-much-in-love pair of soul mates. Spence's memory does begin to come back as well, having terrible consequences for him and Rian.  The two are in a race against time when they find out Datascape wants Spence at any cost, no matter the danger to any of those Spence loves. They must solve the mystery of the sword, and unlock their secrets, before it falls into the wrong hands. They must enlist Mike and Dorel's, whose past experience with the sword changed them for good, if they hope to conquer the evil once and for all. But secrets revealed bring about a huge betrayal, making Spence doubt those closest, not knowing who to trust. Revelations about the sword and its creation shock them all, turning everything upside down, and giving more reason to fear for their lives. They find they must rely on their love of many lifetimes, and trust that, if they ever hope to survive in this one.  Hang on to your hats, and buckle up your seatbelts! You are in for quite an adventurous ride! With a plot that spans continents... and generations; this continuation of the saga of the Sword is non-stop. There is everything that makes a good romance (and adventure) great here with a hero to die for (quite literally for some), a strong heroine who knows how to take care of herself all the while being as feminine as can be, a mystery that takes so many twists and turns one never knows which end is up, ancient curses and untold powers, an ending that just screams for another story, what more could a reader ask for?  Be forewarned this story is not for one looking for a light read. This plot is very complex - to the point it can be slightly confusing during flashback scenes if one is not paying close attention - and requires lots of thinking to follow the threads. This is a little bit slower of a read, not because of the story, but because the reader is thinking things through as they unfold. However, this is a fascinating story, with a glimpse into the otherwordly. It is apparent that Ms. Haynes is an expert in her field, being a hypnotherapist herself, and she weaves this knowledge into her story seamlessly. Also of note, this book's ending leaves no doubt in anyone's minds that the series will continue. This reviewer doesn't know how she'll be able to wait for the next chapter in this compelling series. This book is not to be missed!  (...)     