 It is the week before Hiho, Ohio's huge centennial celebration. Zoe Wallace, formerly of New York City, who came to Hiho in search of happiness and less stress in her life, is the Chairperson of the committee organizing activities. She is busy working hard to make things run smoothly and really doesn't have the time to show around a visiting news reporter, but agrees to do so, as long as it does not interfere with her responsibilities to the committee and running the town's weekly newspaper, The Herald. Theodore "Mace" Mason is feeling hindered in his job as a news reporter for TV channel, WMAC "where nice news matters," in Erie, PA, and longs for the bigger and brighter opportunities only available to him in a big city. The last thing he wants is to spend a week in a hodunk town like Hiho (founded by Hiram and Hortense Hump of Erie, PA), reporting on something as insignificant to him as its centennial. Mace's boss is adamant that he covers the celebration, and the preparations leading up to it, also using Hiram as the subject of the next edition in his documentary series, "Chronicles." Mace goes reluctantly, planning to use the week to evaluate his options for what direction he wants his career to take. Then he meets Zoe, complete with her "big" teased hair and horrendous makeup (the result of a makeover she grudgingly agreed to for one of the beauty shops in town). The entire time they are talking, he uses all of his willpower not to even crack a smile at the image before him, winning Zoe's respect when he doesn't poke fun at her appearance... until she overhears him insult her adopted home. Zoe doesn't like Mace's attitude, even though she finds herself attracted to him. She captivates him, in spite of the fact she is just a small-town woman, the antithesis to what he always thought he wanted. They are thrown together when it is brought to Zoe's attention that Hiho may not be 100 years old after all, but actually 99, which would have a huge negative impact on the local library and college, who are counting on funding to be granted from the Pawley Trust, upon the town's centennial. Zoe and Mace have to work together to find the answer, even tough they are not quite sure how each other will handle it. Attraction grows between them, but they wonder if anything can come of it because of their conflicting views. As always, this story is another winner for Ms. Jacobs. The Hundred Year Itch is full of everything indicative of her personal style and flair. There are loveable characters that come to life, a charming storyline, and an abundance of the humor one has come to associate with Holly Jacobs' books. Zoe and Mace are a perfect match for each other, their respective personalities complementary, while providing plenty of conflict as they try to understand each other's dreams. The town of Hiho is populated with colorful characters like the cloak-and-dagger prone Bertram, sisters Cora and Ida MacIntosh who are infamous for their apple pie, and disgruntled over the selection of the toothless Tom Walters as judge for the festival bake-off. In addition, how can one forget Jed, the love struck bull? Be forewarned though; take care in when and where choosing to read this amusing tale, or the reader may find oneself bursting with laughter at rather inopportune moments. This reviewer speaks from experience - having done just that at a business conference. Rush out and buy this book today! There is certainly no danger of disappointment in that. Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2003.     