 Review courtesy of LoveRomances.com  Ms. Cast continues her Goddess Summoning series with this story of love in the Underworld.  Lina Santoro loves nothing more than baking, so she is concerned when her trendy bakery ends up in dire straits. She needs something fast to bring in money to rescue it. Never did she imagine that finding an old Italian cookbook would summon aid from the great Goddess of the Harvest, Demeter.  When the Goddess makes a proposition, Lina listens. She is to exchange places with Persephone, the Goddess of Spring, for six months. Persephone will assume Lina's life for that time, in order to rescue the bakery, and Lina will go to the Underworld to bring hope and new "life" to the spirits.  Never did Lina dream that doing so would change her forever, when she meets... and falls in love with... the God Hades, Death personified.  What a fantastic, magical tale this is! Here is a delightful story full of life and love that brings the incredible world of Gods and Goddesses out of the realm of mythology and into the real world for readers to enjoy. Here, one will find a brilliant and unique story of soul mates united, love found, and the passions of the Immortal.  Lina is a middle-aged woman, beautiful inside and out, who has long since given dreams of love. Hades is a powerful, sexy, handsome Immortal who is one of a kind and never imagined someone could love him and his realm. These two need each other in order to be whole. There is a full cast of characters to round out the story. Readers will enjoy the second love story entwined here, of Eurydice and Iapis, spirit and daimon. Persephone, though a more minor role, adds youthful vitality, and her mother Demeter adds a touch of awe, to captivate readers.  The imagery is vivid and one will see the beauty of the Underworld... from the joy and light of Elysia, to the darkness and despair of Tartarus. Hades' palace is incredibly portrayed as well, even the "Dread Steeds of Hades."  Though Goddess of Spring was the first book by Ms. Cast this reviewer has read, it intrigued enough to insure it will most definitely not be the last. This is one new fan who eagerly awaits the next story in the series!   Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2004. All rights reserved.     