 Courtesy of The Best Reviews Bayard of Villone has recently returned from the Crusades where he has spent the last five years. He left home after a bitter argument with his father which put him at odds with his entire family. He has returned to protect his family's estates from pending attacks. Upon returning home, Bayard's grandmother ropes him into finding a bride in exchange for his uncle's estate of Montvieux, which Bayard desires above all else. So he grudgingly goes on a bride quest, for a woman he has never even seen, and is pleasantly surprised by what he finds. Esmeraude of Ceinn-beithe is opposed to the competition for her hand in marriage. She refuses to marry for less then the complete love of her husband and will not settle for a marriage of convenience. So she sets out upon a quest of her own, searching for personal adventure. She issues an additional challenge to her potential suitors, leaving them riddles to lead them to her location, testing their intelligence and commitment. Bayard is bound and determined to win the competition against the other knights, which include his younger brother and his cousins, even before seeing or talking to Esmeraude. When he finds her on her adventure, disguised as a common maid, he knows immediately who she is. He is intrigued by her wit and intellect, which causes him to desire the marriage for more than the holdings it will secure for him. But he swears he will never allow his life to be ruled my emotions, especially love. Esmeraude was immediately attracted to Bayard, convinced he was the only one for her, when she thought him to be a complete stranger. She is surprised and disappointed, at first, to discover he is one of her suitors on the Bride Quest. Then he tells her he does not believe in love, but wants to marry her because it is mutually beneficial to the both of them. Esmeraude has decided Bayard has one her heart and is the only man for her. So she takes it upon herself to make him admit he loves her before she will agree to be his wife. Ms Delacroix falls flat with this latest tale in the Bride Quest series. Bayard is an overly cocky and disillusioned knight who thinks he is always right and that he is the greatest knight around. He can't understand how any woman could possibly be uninterested in him.  He treats his family poorly, even to the point of trying to steal his cousin's inheritance out from under him. In the end, he starts to come around and even admits he may have been wrong in the past. However he never quite redeems himself to be worthy of winning the quest, in this reviewer's opinion. Esmeraude is a young lady who has dreams beyond what is expected of women in her time and wants to have some fun and a lasting marriage full of love. She is a dreamer who wants everyone else to dream too. When she sets her heart and mind on Bayard, she doesn't give up and goes after what she wants, not giving up. The plot is rather limited, revolving more around the characters than excitement and action in the story. There were some good side stories going on throughout as well, with an enchanted vine and yet another marriage being made while Esmeraude and her knights are on their quests. This tale is not a favored one of this reviewer and not a "keeper" though it did have some finer points to it. The uninspiring hero detracts from the story and does not seem deserving of his Lady Love, Esmeraude.      