 Courtesy of Love Romances  Crimson City by Liz Maverick kicks off what is sure to be a wonderful paranormal action adventure series.  Once in the not too distant past, the city of Los Angeles, now known as the Crimson City, was totally different. Like most cities the humans of the world ruled it. Now it is a battleground between vampires and werewolves, with humans being the unfortunates caught in the middle.  The vampires are in charge now and the extravagance of their way of life high above in the skyscrapers seems to reaffirm this. Until the day that a mech, part human and part mechanical robot, breaks into their lair and destroys the Dumont men, the leaders of the vampire community, while their sister, Fleur watches in horror. She is spared, presumably due to the fact she is the least likely candidate to take over leadership as a result of a bad decision she made years ago.  Dain Reston, human police officer in the Crimson City and his partner Cyd are the first on the scene, totally unprepared for what was to follow. In the lovely face of Fleur, he is confronted with the horrors of his past and the brutal death of his late wife. After the war between the species, an uneasy truce was developed between all three yet now it appears to have been broken. Dain and Fleur must now put their respective animosities for the other kinds aside so as to work together to discover who is behind this attack and those to follow. Neither expected that in the midst of such horrors a love would grow between them... a love that would challenge all they know and believe.  Crimson City is an innovative new series that will intrigue fans of paranormal romance, science fiction/fantasy and romantic suspense. The world building that begins with this, the first in the planned four-book series, is brilliantly done and easily believable. Readers will also pick up on some similarities between this book and the movie Underworld. There are some comparable ideas between the two, but this tale is still wonderfully original in its delivery.  The plot drives on powerfully, drawing readers in its wake as they sit on the edge of their seats waiting for what will come next. Some shocking plot twists are revealed that will make one eagerly anticipate future books. Yet there are enough mysteries still kept hidden, which are obviously meant to carry over into the remaining three books of the Crimson City series.  All of the characters found on these pages are complex individuals with their own faults and flaws. Dain is tortured by the death of the wife he can't quite remember on his own. Fleur still suffers the aftereffects of a heat-of-the-moment decision she made several years ago. Her kind looks down on her for those mistakes and she is forced to prove herself to be the strong independent woman she is. Fleur and Dain are drawn to each other from the moment they meet, in spite of their differences and their personal biases. How they overcome their past mistakes is touching to share and one will feel for them through it all.  Secondary characters add their own touches to the story in their diversity. Cyd is tormented by what she has seen and done in the past, causing her to seek respite in not necessarily the best of ways. The friendship she and Dain share adds to the plot and is expected to possibly be played out in future books. Though the werewolves play a lesser role in this book, it is evident they are a force to be reckoned with as well and readers will look forward to future books in the series from their perspective. There is a touch of mystery found through some of the other secondary characters that throw a wrench in to the works when some of their secrets are revealed.  In short, if one wants a refreshingly unique look at the worlds of vampires and werewolves with some paranormal beings thrown in to the mix, then Crimson City by Liz Maverick is sure to deliver.   Kelley A. Hartsell, October 2005. All rights reserved.      