 (...)  The story of Yozerf and his human mate, Suchen, continues in this, the second book in the trilogy.  Lord Auglar has decided to put in his bid for ruling the kingdom of Jenel, but first he has to convince the rest of the Lords that he is deserving and capable of doing so. Unfortunately, Auglar's biggest rival, Lord Fellrant, who was responsible for much suffering in Auglar's lands, is also staking his claim to the throne. So Auglar and his Sworn make the dangerous trek to Segg to speak to the Council of Lords.  Deception is the name of the game in Segg though, and soon Auglar and his Sworn, which includes the half Wolfkin, Yozerf and his mate, Suchen, Auglar's steward, are in danger. They are betrayed by the others and must flee for their lives, taking along Fellrant and a young noblewoman Cybelen. They find a mysterious ally in their journeys, an assassin known as the Crow Queen, who is Yozerf's mother. Also surprisingly, Yozerf finds he now has great powers, the wind and fire at his beck and call. But the use of these powers tests him in ways he never expected, and now he fears his accursed gifts will be his beloved's downfall.  Ms. Corvidae shows yet again her penchant for weaving engrossing fantasy tales that will keep one reading through to the last page of the book. The worlds presented in this series are vividly drawn, so that one will see them through the characters' eyes. Emotions are wrung from readers, causing them to gasp in fear, feel the shiver of danger, and the heat of desire. This story is most definitely a fantasy tale, by no means a romance, but there is the underlying love story of Yozerf and Suchen to satisfy fans of that genre.  One thing very interesting about this chapter in the saga is the glimpse into Londah, the Crow Queen, and Yozerf's mother. Much effort is taken to ensure that readers will understand her character. Her feeling of having failed her son affects everything she does in her life. She may not have been able to protect him like a mother should when he was a boy, but she has become the person she is as a result of trying to make up for it later on, in her own way. This reviewer loved her character, felt her thoughts and wishes, and hopes to see more of Londah in the third book in the series.  Tantalizing glimpses are also given in to the greater story that everything spawns from and is leading to, which are sure to be resolved and explained in the final book of the series, due out at the end of this year. Go out and pick up a copy of this book today. While at it, why not also pick up the first book in the series, Wolfkin, and be prepared for a new adventure.  (...)     