 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Will there ever be an end to the curse binding them?  Sophie Fyne has lived with her sisters her whole life. All three of them are witches with unique powers, and Sophie has always felt hers were the weakest of the three. In spite of the curse placed on their family centuries ago, Sophie dreams of finding someone whom can give her what she desires most... a baby. When she begins to dream about a handsome green-eyed stranger, she knows he will be the father of her first child. But fate has more in plan for her...  Kane is a soldier who is nearly killed when his army is ambushed. He escaped, barely, and thinks his life is over. When a mysterious beautiful young woman comes to him, she healed his injuries and seduced him. Now, a year later he is seeking out the dream woman, not even sure if she was real. When he finds Sophie, he knows she is his angel and he's shocked to see their baby. He decides he must do what is right and marry Sophie right away.  Sophie is shocked to see Kane again, having expected nothing of the sort, and she's even more shocked he wants to marry her. She cannot marry and risk falling in love with him, or it could mean his death, per the family curse. However, when a villager who has plans of his own for Sophie kidnaps their baby, they must work together to get their daughter back. What will happen when they grow closer throughout the perilous journey? Are they strong enough to beat the ancient curse?  This first book, The Sun Witch, in a new trilogy by Linda Winstead Jones, is a real treat for fans, be they old or new. She skillfully weaves a tale of fantasy and magick that is intriguing and sure to keep readers waiting for the next two books. The plot moves quite well, dragging slightly in the beginning but picking up steam as the pages are turned. The details woven into the book about the magickal realm of the sisters Fyne and their talents are complex, vivid and real, making the story come alive.  Sophie is a strong young woman, who has her desires that she is afraid to give in to, as they are bound to come back to haunt her in the end. Or so she thinks anyhow. When she fully comes to understand her powers and how to use them, her strength as a person and as a witch grows within her, surprising everyone, not the least of whom being herself. Her love for her daughter is strong and true, the one thing that is powerful enough to overcome the most dangerous of enemies.  There are also several subplots woven in seamlessly, which only serve to enhance the story, and bring the secondary characters to life. One will particularly enjoy the story of Sebastyen the emperor and his most trusted concubine Liane, as it has some surprising twists thrown in and a rather unusual romance as well. Also, there are hints given in that if picked up on, will provide the reader with a clue as to what is to come in book 2 in the trilogy.  In short, Ms. Jones' story is bound to please anyone who is a fan of this particular genre, and will satisfy all her fans. Be forewarned however, reading this book will make waiting for the next story, The Moon Witch, due out this spring, extremely difficult.    Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2005. All rights reserved.     