 Courtesy of Love Romances  The saga of the Final Dance continues with In Stone's Clasp.  Kevla's journey takes her far into the North to find the second dancer needed to keep the Shadow from destroying their world. She has dreamed of the Stone Dancer and has followed her dreams to find him. Along the way she finds others who can help her on the quest for the dancer.  When Jareth is finally found, he is nothing like what Kevla expected. Having lost his powers to bring Spring to the land and having lost his family to the endless winter have made him a bitter, angry man. He is far from ready to accept his duty to fight the Shadow. The hatred he feels for what has happened leads the small band of stragglers on a journey to find a legendary beauty, the Ice Maiden. Will he be able to conquer his pain to accept his destiny?  Christie Golden shows yet again why she is a gifted author of the fantasy genre. Her strong characters and brilliantly created worlds are sure to grab readers from the first page. The lands from which the players come are so vivid and full of life that one can envision the landscapes and their people. Add a few mythical beings and a mystical bend with the premise of the Dance, and readers can't go wrong.  Kevla is an incredibly strong woman, who has seen much in her young life, all of which prepares her for the role she now plays. She has her weaknesses and her strengths, making her all the more believable for the reality of her person. Jareth is emotionally wounded, never having been able to recover from the deaths of his family and the loss of the one thing he considered his strongest gift. His agony over what happened and his desire to fix it makes readers feel his pain with him, and empathize with his plight. Watching the characters grow is one of the best things about this series. They go through so much in their lives that their transformation into the mystical dancers is a sight to behold.  Of course, adventure is not lacking, as readers follow Kevla and company to Jareth, then on to the Ice Maiden, and where they go after that will leave one breathless with anticipation of what is yet to come. The enemies are powerful and readers long to know how they will be defeated, as much as they want to know what drives these villains to be who they are. This series is as much about the journey as it is the characters. This reviewer is a fan and doesn't know how she'll be able to wait for book 3, Under Sea's Shadow, to arrive in 2006.   Kelley A. Hartsell, December 2005. All rights reserved.     