 Courtesy of Love Romances Princess Brianna is stunned when her father's castle, Tullymullagh, is overtaken in a siege. She is horrified when King Henry declares she must wed one of the three sons of the mercenary, Gavin Fitzgerald, who conquered them. Brianna swears she "will wed only my one true love." So she sends the brothers on a quest. Whoever of the three that brings her a gift to make her laugh the longest is the one she will wed. Luc Fitzgavin, the eldest, refuses to go on her foolish quest, infuriating Brianna to no end. He has but one desire, to receive the seal on his beloved Welsh estate, from his brutish father. Luc was once a great knight, who swore to give up his sword forever, after living through a great tragedy brought about by another's dishonorable intentions. He scorns the selfish Brianna's whim, believing her full of nonsense. But as he gets to know her, he starts to realize there is more to her than he previously thought. And he begins to realize much more is at stake here...his very heart. Brianna and Luc are drawn to each other for reasons they can't understand. For Brianna is on a quest of her own: To return Tullymullagh to its rightful owner, her father. So he can live out his days in the home he built. Luc desires only to return to his beloved home in peace. Until suspicious events start to make them realize danger abounds. The two of them unite to try to solve the mysteries. Soon, it is evident someone wishes to harm them both. Rumors start to surface of a great treasure kept hidden, The Rose of Tullymullagh, and someone is determined to have the legendary piece for their very own. Ms. Delacroix tries to write a great adventure and mystery here, but falls short in this reviewer's opinion. Brianna comes across as a spoiled little girl who can't stand to not always get her way. She does somewhat redeem herself in the end, but not quite enough. She also comes across as not being the brightest crayon in the box. There are a few instances where the reader is in total disbelief that she cannot see the obvious. The mystery was not much of one as it was figured out almost immediately upon being presented. When the body count starts stacking up, the plot becomes contrived. It is almost as if Ms. Delacroix was running out of story and had to kill a few people to make her word count. But there are a few bright spots to the story. Luc comes across as a noble and honorable man, determined to do what is right and good, and to protect his lady at any cost. There are also some very funny scenes scattered throughout. This tale drags at many points and is not one of Ms. Delacroix's best. It was almost a chore to even finish the book. Having read several other of her books, one can only hope this book is just a fluke and the rest of the Bride Quest series is better.      