 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This latest in the Dark saga by Christine Feehan opens new doors on her world that will intrigue and entice.  Colby Jansen loved her step father, Armando Chevez, dearly. When he died she was crushed, but swore to keep their ranch going strong for her brother and sister as it was to be their legacy. Strange accidents keep happening at the ranch that have her worried since she is already struggling to keep it alive. The final straw comes though, in the form of a visit from the Chevez brothers, Paul and Ginny's uncles, saying they want custody of the children to take them back to Brazil.  Rafael De La Cruz is of an ancient race, sent to South America centuries ago with his four brothers, to protect their Carpathian people, and their prince, safe from the evil vampire. He is extremely close to turning vampire himself, when he journeys to the US with Juan and Julio Chevez, loyal human servants of his family, to aid them in bringing back their niece and nephew. He never expected to find his lifemate, the one woman who can prevent him from turning vampire on this journey.  Colby and Rafael are attracted immediately, though she despises him for his role in trying to take away her beloved siblings. He realizes she is his lifemate immediately and can do nothing but protect her by trying to help her get to the bottom of the strange happenings at her ranch. Sparks fly and mutual respect grows, but when a very powerful vampire turns up and tries to claim Colby for himself, can the two of them come together in time to protect Colby's family and their ranch?  This reviewer feels this story is back up to par with Ms. Feehan's other books in the saga, after having been disappointed in the previous full-length book in the series. The action is intense and never ending, sucking readers under its spell, keeping them reading long into the night, eager to see what will happen next. There are also some new plot threads woven into the world of the Carpathians, which sound fascinating and are sure to come into play in later books in the series. The romance between Colby and Rafael is extremely hot and passionate, luring readers into seduction right along with Colby.  Colby is quite the heroine, strong willed, with a fiery temper to match her red hair. Her life is her family and she will stand for no one stepping in and trying to take them away from her, or telling her how to run her ranch and her own life. She is stubborn and determined... more then an equal match for the domineering Rafael. He has lived centuries, defending his family, his people, his prince from evil and he knows nothing of tenderness and patience. Finding his lifemate when he is on the brink of turning evil himself, makes him darker and more dangerous then previous heroes in the Dark saga. He has no time to cater to Colby's need for space to come to terms with what will be her new life, yet he holds out converting her as long as he can, knowing that each day he does not bind her brings him one step closer to eternal damnation as a vampire.  There are numerous characters in this story, possibly more secondary players then most preceding books. Paul and Ginny, Colby's half-siblings are loveable and kind, showing a more tender kind of love... that of one for family. They are key to understanding Colby's personality as her entire life revolves around them. The vampire is malicious and cruel, extremely powerful... possibly the strongest readers have yet met. Juan and Julio, the Chevez brothers start out mysterious and suspicious, but readers come to trust them along with Colby and company. A few characters from previous books return once more adding more depth to this story, and preparing readers for their own which are surely soon to come. Also, some new people are introduced that are deeply mysterious and guaranteed to make one wonder just what their story is.  Readers are bound to be captivated by Dark Secret by Christine Feehan. This story will please fans of the series, be they old or new, and leave them hungry for more.   Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2005. All rights reserved.     