 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This latest book in the Drake Sisters series will appeal to the fans of the Dark saga, also by Christine Feehan.   Abigail Drake is one of seven magical sisters living in California. Abby's special ability is her link to the sea and all the aquatic beings, especially a bond with dolphins with whom she works. One night while swimming with her dolphin friends, she is the sole witness to a murder near the shoreline. Now, her life is in danger and she is led right back to the man she wishes she could forget.   Alexsandr Volstov is an Interpol agent investigating possible Russian mob activities in coastal California. He never expects this investigation to drop in to his arms the one woman he's ever loved. When he discovers Abby saw the murder of his partner, he knows the danger she now faces. Who better to protect her then himself? Especially if it gives him the excuse to stay close and try to win back her love.   Now Alexsandr and Abby must work together to solve the mysteries surrounding them. However, she is still  emotionally hurt because of something he did to her several years before. Can they overcome the past that is separating them?   This story is typical of Christine Feehan's writing. The hero is a total alpha male who will let nothing get in the way of getting what he wants, especially if that something is the woman he's deemed as his own. The heroine as ever, is resistant to his domineering ways, resenting him for the power he holds over her, but giving in to him all the same. The only thing about this book that is different from the Dark series is that the hero is not a Carpathian. If not for that, and Abby's abilities, this story would be completely interchangeable with any book in that series.   Abigail Drake is an interesting character, with her magical abilities being quite intriguing. She has a special affinity for controlling the water and all found within. She also has the extremely useful ability of being able to make people tell the truth. The magical talents of the sisters are always the highlight in this series. However, Abby is afraid to use her powers as a result of the incident involving Alexsandr many years ago that forced her to pull away from him. Her relationship with her sisters is far more interesting than what she shares with him though. This reviewer could not stand Alexsandr at all. He is too overbearing; too "me Tarzan you Jane" for this reader. At several points throughout the story, one will want to slap him for being so pushy, and slap Abby for falling under his spell yet again. Readers will love the mysterious Russian hit man though, who is incredibly powerful with magic himself and will want to know more about him.   The plot was well done in the beginning, but it became convoluted in the middle of the book. There was too much going on that was just coincidentally linked to everything else. If the plot had been limited somewhat, focusing on one or two of the key elements rather than having so many sub-plots, it would have read much smoother. There were a few things however that made this reviewer sit back and say "Huh?" For example, what's up with the red panty ceremony anyhow? Here we have a heroine who is quite insistent she wants nothing to do with the hero but she willingly puts on a pair of red panties that have been blessed through a ceremony meant for the sole purpose of making the wearer want to fall immediately into bed with her man. This was just too absolutely ridiculous and took away from the story.   This reviewer was relatively unimpressed with Oceans of Fire. Fans of Christine Feehan who love the typical alpha males who all look and act the same will enjoy this one though, if for nothing else but its similarity to all the books in the Dark series. If looking for a unique story that is nothing like anything else on the market then one ought to pass on this book.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.     