 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  This kick-off book in the new Bombshell line will satisfy readers in many ways.  Kai Alseoun has led a hard life. Her father had been an alcoholic, who killed himself and her mother in a car accident many years ago. Just when she had found a life she was happy with, as a Navy combat pilot, it's all torn away from her by a betrayal from a fellow military man. She retreats to the reservation where she grew up with her Grandmother, and begins to realize there is another path meant for her, a life that comes to her through her vision dreams.  Three sacred crystal totems are stolen from the Cherokee people and only Kai holds the key to finding them again. Her quest leads her to the heart of the Australian desert, in order to recover the first of the three objects. When an old friend is found to be her partner on this mission, Jake Stands Alone Carter, old feelings come rushing back to her - feelings of safety and security and, could it be... love? But she is emotionally scarred from past experiences. Will Jake's strength be enough to help her complete her mission, and heal the wounds of her heart once and for all?  This was a good romance story, with enough action to keep most readers eager to share the adventure. Danger is around every corner for Kai and Jake, and will keep readers anticipating what is next to come. However, there were a few parts that dragged, in between the action scenes, and can take one longer to get through those sections of the story. For the most part though, this story does move steadily and details are revealed as the quest continues, making the villains seem all the more ominous as a result.  There is quite a bit of information scattered throughout the story as well, which will delight readers whom are fascinated by Native American religions and beliefs. Ms. McKenna quite obviously did her homework, researching rituals and powers held by those most revered of the Cherokee people, their Medicine Women... and Men. This reviewer was captivated by the bit of knowledge used in the story to give it depth, and could actually feel the power flowing through the sacred totem and the medicine people of the Cherokee and the native Australians.  Though the primary focus of the Bombshell series is on the strong female leads and their adventures, there is plenty of romance in this book. Correction... it reads more as a love story then a romance, but will please fans of the genre. Kai is a wounded soul, scarred by her past experiences with her emotionally abusive alcoholic father, her ex-lover who could not handle her strength of character and mind, and the man who cost her a military career. Though she and Jake have a past between them, where Jake was always her "savior" of sorts, due to her other experiences with men, she finds it very hard to trust him when he reappears in her life again after so many years. Jake understands her though, and how he deals with her fears will make readers fall in love with him for his kind and loving nature. When the two finally conquer Kai's doubts, and come to the end of their quest, readers will cheer them on to their much-deserved happy ending.   Kelley A. Hartsell, October 2004. All rights reserved.     