 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Counting Crows by Mercedes Lackey starts out this collection of fantasy tales. Gwynnhwyfar has just been wed via a "glove" marriage to a man she doesn't want. Unfortunately, it is the only way to protect her father from a greedy neighboring landowner, and save herself from being forced to marry that same man. Upon arrival at the faraway land of her new husband, she finds her marriage to be far from a dream come true. With only her trusted maidservant and an old friend in service to her new husband, whom she loved with all the passion of her girlhood, she sets out to make the best of a bad situation, with a lot of magical help.   This story is a look marriage in olden times and how little power women had but with the twist of powerful magic added to it. Gwynn is a proud young woman, brave and loving, who will do anything to protect those she loves, even if it means sacrificing herself. The twist at the end of the story will surprise readers, as it is quite unexpected. One especially interesting aspect of this story is that the beginning and ending of the story are told from the point of view of a crow that just happens to be there. Reading about the humans from the perspective of a scavenger bird, puts a different spin on the tale.   Next up in this trio of stories is Drusilla's Dream by Rachel Lee. Drusilla Morgan is a data entry tech on graveyard shift at GalaxyCom who passes the monotony at work by spinning daydreams in her mind. In this particular fantasy she is a princess on a quest to find a magical key that will save her kingdom from destruction. Along the way she meets up with an animal tamer who surprisingly enough resembles Miles Kennedy, night time computer security, who is responsible for keeping all the computers running smoothly. What happens when these two get together, even if only in her imagination? Or is it only a dream?   This reviewer feels this was the weakest story of the collection. The premise is interesting, having the entire story take place as a daydream, with occasional interruptions from real life. Unfortunately it fell flat. Some parts of the daydream came across as being clichd, with a little bit of everything one would expect in a fantasy all just thrown in to add to the story. Some parts were quite original though, such as the master of the rivers, which add something extra to the novella. Also, the ending was unique, in how our hero and heroine are brought together. Yet it just didn't quite come together for this particular reader.  The final story in this book is Moonglow by Catherine Asaro. Iris Larkspur is a young mountain girl who was born with powerful mage abilities. When Della No-Cozen, Head Mage to the Royal family, discovers her no one expected what was to come. Iris has not been able to grasp how to cast spells for her power comes from a different place than most mages. Once she finds the key to her magic, her life is irrevocably changed when she is betrothed to the heir to the throne of Aronsdale. However, Prince Jarid is a tortured young man, captured in a prison of his own making as a result of something he did as a young boy. Will Iris' magic... and their love... be enough to free him once and for all?   This story takes place in the same world as Ms. Asaro's The Charmed Sphere. What is especially enjoyable is that this story actually takes place at the same time as some key parts of the full-length novel. Those who have read both stories will enjoy seeing some of the exact same scenes through different points of view. This story in itself is not especially deep. Had this reviewer not already read the other book, Moonglow would likely have left her feeling unfulfilled. Iris and Jarid are fascinating characters, flawed in many ways and having doubts in themselves. It was enjoyable to get a more in depth look at them. The magical land of Aronsdale is a wonderful place to visit, with an extremely distinctive kind of power.   If readers are looking for a brief escape from reality and an adventure in another world, these stories will fit the bill quite nicely. Each one is different, written in different styles, but all sharing the common factor of magic in another land.    Kelley A. Hartsell, August 2005. All rights reserved.     