 Courtesy of Love Romances The Colors of Autumn by Carol Finch Julia Harper is a very modern woman. She is in Bugtussle, Texas painting a mural for the annual fall festival. For kicks, she decides to paint herself into the mural, and finds herself catapulted back in time to 1880 Bugtussle... and the life of Win Calloway. Win is the man her very heart desires, but can she overcome her hears from her modern life to stay with him forever? This was a cute story with a unique method of time travel being used. The attraction between Win and Julia is immediate, much to the dismay of Trudy Fletcher, the token "spoiled rich girl" character, who wants Win for herself. Julia's performances as the actress everyone mistook her for, are exciting, turning the town on its ear, and adding some truly lively moments to the story. Autumn Lover by Kathryn Fox Leigh Hunter has a high profile career in television production. Suddenly one day it hits her that she takes no joy in life anymore. She purchases a holiday pumpkin and when she holds it, she finds herself transported back to 1899 and in to the life of Matthew Sutton. Leigh is in the body of Matthew's mail-order bride and falling in love with her new husband. Can she remain happy in the past? This was a good story, in spite of the rather lame method of time travel method used. However, Ms. Fox took a tried and true plot and made it her own. Leigh's doubts and fears are portrayed vividly, as is the love Matthew has for his bride. One will fall in love with Matthew and hope for the happy ending he deserves. An Autumn Bouquet by Linda Madl Jennifer Hollis is the public relations manager for the historic Apple Grove House and is there for her wedding, hoping the publicity will help prevent it from being destroyed for a theme park. Her fianc has left her at the altar however and as she tries to figure out what to do, she is sent back in time at the flash of a camera. Now she finds herself in 1861 and saying her vows to Union officer Captain Bennett Vance. Jen can't help but fall in love with the dashing soldier, but can't stop the guilt she feels over abandoning Apple Grove House when it needed her in the future. Now to decide, should she stay or should she return home? And, whatever will she do about Bennett? This was probably the favorite story of this reviewer, in this book. It was a lovely story, even in spite of the sometimes violent background of the Civil War. There is plenty of passion between the characters, and Jen's dilemma just adds to it. But this is one story that reminds the reader that fate often finds a way all of its own, to make a person's dreams come true. All in all, this was a delightful volume of stories which take place during one of the best times of the year... the chill air and beautiful scents and sounds of yet another Timeless Autumn. It is definitely a worthy read, which will help to keep one warm at night during this delightful time of year where summer and winter meet and clash.      