 Courtesy of Love Romances Fly with a Dragon by Rosemary Laurey Myfanwy has been chosen by her village to be the virgin sacrifice to the Dragon of Cader Bala. The dragon has been coming to the village for ma years to claim female sacrifices. Myfanwy goes to her fate, terrified, but ever proud. When Arragh the dragon arrives, he is nothing like she expected. This is the fearsome monster that has been stalking her village? Arragh's intent was never to kill his victims, in fact, he claims his victims in the hopes of finding a mate.  Myfanwy goes with Arragh reluctantly, surprised to find herself incredibly attracted to the exotic being. When she goes with him to his homeland, nothing is as she expected, and she is in for an experience of sensual pleasures like she never imagined in her wildest dreams. This was an imaginative story, with a very different spin on the dragon legends of old. What if dragons weren't the destroyers, but the protectors? The passion in this story erupts from the pages, causing a burn like that caused by dragon fire. One will be drawn into this fantasy, just as Myfanwy is drawn under Arragh's impassioned lure. Ms. Laurey proves her skill for writing of the imaginary here, making one believe anything is possible. Heart of a Raven by JC Wilder Dani is a young woman, a traveler with her father on the outskirts of society, being spurned by everyone. She had dreams of escaping her fate, and finding a way to be happy. When her father sells her into slavery to pay on a bet, she fears she has just gone from one unhappy existence to another. She couldn't be more wrong. Haaken, who wins her, is an Overseer of the Land of Wryven, who has his own reasons for wanting Dani. Haaken is cursed, and the stuff a legend is made of. He spends all his days in the form of a raven, only taking human form at night. Unless he finds his true love, and learns the meaning of love, he is doomed to shift permanently to his bird form. He believes Dani is his salvation, and he spends every nighttime moment by her side, showing her what passion really means. But will they break the curse forever? Or is he doomed to a lonely existence forever? Ms. Wilder once again shows her skill for writing about what fantasies are made of. Already known for her SHADOW DWELLERS series, she pens a new type of story here. Ever unique in her work, this story does not disappoint. One will believe the unbelievable while reading this tale. Full of erotic passion, the reader will be entranced from the first page, rooting for Dani and Haaken. No matter what she chooses to write about, one thing is evident; Ms. Wilder knows how to tell a story. PARADOX is a fascinating look into the minds of two great writers of paranormal romance. This book oozes sensuality and passion. Be forewarned, the reader will want to be sure her partner is near at hand upon finishing this book. This reviewer enjoyed her foray into different territory for both authors, and looks forward to more books by this talented pair.      