 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  Venture to a time and place beyond reality, where dreams and magic linger....  Brighid Dhianna has left behind her centaur home of revenge and hatred to build her own destiny as Huntress to Clan MacCallan, blessed by the Goddess Epona. Here she has finally found peace and acceptance. When her chieftain, Elphame, sends Brighid on a quest to bring her brother home, she readily accepts.  Cuchulainn's soul was shattered when his young wife was brutally murdered by demonic Fomorians, winged beasts cursed with a madness that will eventually destroy them. Some of these beings have survived war and live in peaceful exile, scraping out a meager life in the mountains. "Cu" goes there full of hate and bitterness to return these hybrid New Fomorians to Partholon. What he finds there shocks him.  Brighid follows Cu to save him, having to call upon her dormant and long-denied Shaman blood to retrieve his soul and heal him. Just as hope springs new, fate intervenes once more, making Brighid choose between the life she has built in Partholon and the destiny of her blood as High Shaman to the centaurs. Which will she choose? Only Goddess Epona knows.  Brighid's Quest is a fantastical adventure that will lure one to dream of another world. The story draws readers in from the beginning and holds them captive in its grasp through the hopeful conclusion. The landscape is brilliant and so incredible that it is easy to envision the beautiful Partholon and the grass covered plains of the centaur domain. When the beloved characters venture into the spirit realm, readers will see the beauty and hear the stirrings of wind through the trees. Though this is a sequel to Elphame's Choice, most of the storyline is easily followed and readers should have no difficulty understanding what is happening.  Brighid's turmoil is real as she tries to put the life she hated behind her, only to be pulled back to it just when she thinks she is finally free. Her journey on the path to adapting to her Shamanic abilities is a hard one and easy to feel and understand. Cu's shattered soul struggles with living in an imaginary world where death has not taken his love away. He must learn, with Brighid's help, to come back to the real world and accept the fate he has been dealt.  This novel is written almost as if in different acts of a play. The first segment is about Brighid's journey to the mountain to bring Cu and the New Fomorians home and all she encounters along the way. Then comes the story of how she journeys to the other realm to bring Cu's soul back and heal him. The final segment deals with Brighid's growth and acceptance of the fate dealt her, when she must choose which life she will live. All three individual stories are blended together masterfully, to build the overlying story which encompasses everything.  Of course, romance is never missing from a book by P C Cast, and it shows itself in Brighid's Quest. As Cu's soul heals, his relationship with Brighid deepens from respect and deep friendship to the more powerful bond of soul mates. How these two come together in their love is inspired and bound to make readers sigh in delight at how they bridge the gap.  ? Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2006. All rights reserved.     