 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  What would happen if an ancient virus were accidentally released in today's society? It would wipe out life as we know it, changing the world. This book tells the story of "What if?"  A group of archeology students from the University of Texas are in Uxmal, Mexico, about to make the biggest find of the century. What they don't realize is that it will be the end of them as well. In the opening of the tomb of an ancient Maya king, they realize a deadly virus, the very one which killed the Maya culture over a millennia ago. The virus quickly wipes out the entire excavation party, and starts to spread; affecting everyone they came in contact with.  What the team unwittingly released is the deadliest disease to ever affect mankind. Now a team of experts comes in to try to find the cure for the virus, before it wipes out the entire state of Texas, and eventually the world. While one group is in Texas, trying to attack the disease at the place of its outbreak, another group is in Mexico. For they had found a Mayan glyph, which identifies what is presently called the "Austin virus." Therefore, if they identified the cause, maybe they found a cure as well.  This book is full of adventure, mystery, suspense, and even a little bit of romance mixed in. An eclectic cast of characters takes part in finding the cure. There is Dr. Gary Spender, is running the operation from Texas, where he is trying to get a handle on the outbreak. Then there are Dr. Robert Ashley and Dr. Teresa Welles, who are racing through Mexico, trying to find the Maya record of the "Black Tongue" disease, and hopefully their cure as well.  But those are not the only players in the drama. One will also find drug smuggling, tax fraud, and dirty cops.  This is a story that packs a full punch, dragging the reader in, capturing them in the intricate plot. This reviewer started the book with doubts as to whether or not she'd enjoy this book. Surprisingly enough, 10 pages into it, one becomes engrossed, finding every spare minute available to see what will happen next. Mr. Baxter does a remarkable job of portraying the tension and the emotional roller coasters the characters are riding. One will gasp with dismay, scream at the irony of the characters finding what they have long searched, only to possibly lose it all if the cure is not found. This is one book definitely worth the time to indulge in it. This reviewer was engrossed and impressed with the talent imbued in this book. One will be eagerly anticipating his next novel.   Kelley A. Hartsell, November 2003. All rights reserved.     