 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  What a wonderful story! Ms. Hunter has launched her new mini-series with The Seducer, and if this book is any indication, what a powerful series it will be!  Diane Albret has lived most of her life in a girls' orphanage. She has a few memories of her parents, but not many, and her only visitor has been "the Devil Man" once a year, for his obligatory check to see how she is doing. All she hopes for is an escape from this prison-type life she has at the orphanage, so she can go on a quest to find her family. This last time when her guardian comes to see her, she has a proposal for him, one that will benefit them both, and allow her to find her answers.  Daniel St. John was not a happy man. The Guardianship of this woman-child was not something he wanted, but it can still be used for his own purposes. He has a plan that he needs her for, one that will find him revenge for something that happened many years ago, when he was not much more then a child himself. He intends to use her to reach his dreams of revenge and won't let anything get in his way.  Daniel brings Diane home, claiming she is a cousin for propriety's sake. He begins to have her "dressed for the season," preparing her for her role in his plans. Everything goes along according to his plans brilliantly, except for the fact that Diane has a mind of her own and her only goal is to find information about her family - she has no intention of staying with him any longer than is absolutely necessary. Daniel's scheming brings Diane to the attention of his rival, and his plan seems to be coming to fruition, all the while placing himself and Diane in danger.   What he is not telling Diane, is that he has ties to her past he wishes to keep secret and those ties are related to his revenge. Unfortunately Daniel,  a famed seducer, never expected the biggest flaw in his plan... that he would fall under Diane's spell and by seduced by her innocence and beauty. Should she find out his secrets, he fears she would hate him for his role in what happened to her family, or that she had in the beginning, only been a pawn in his game.  Ms. Hunter has once again proven why she is fast becoming a household name in the Romance genre. Her talent for weaving complex storylines with strong characters is evident in this, her latest tale. Whether she chooses to write of the Middle Ages or the Regency era, she can always be counted on to impart plenty of excitement for her fans. As always, this book was well-researched, providing enough of historical fact to paint a vivid picture of the times.  Diane and Daniel are such intriguing characters, so well drawn that the reader is drawn under their spell, feeling their passion and pain as one's own. Diane, with her innocence and strong will, is a perfect match to Daniel's intense passion and alpha tendencies. They each have their weaknesses and strengths, which when combined make them an impressive pair.  The plot is well-done, intricately detailed with many facets and side stories that never detract from the romance between Daniel and Diane. It also introduces numerous secondary characters who enhance the story, all the while preparing the back story for each of them for their succeeding books in the series. This reviewer is certainly entranced enough to have every intention of buying and reading the remaining books in this series!    Kelley A. Hartsell, October 2003. All rights reserved.     