 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and Kritiques  First things first... It has to be stated up front that this reviewer does not like to give 5 Star reviews. For that implies the book is perfect or nearly so. How can a book be perfect? There is always supposed to be room for improvement. But THIS book was phenomenal! As near to perfect as a book can get.  He has spent an eternity of lifetimes trying to protect his soul mate. Every lifetime they find each other, and every lifetime the world interferes and they die miserably. Will their path to destruction be thwarted finally?  Alec Edwards is a brilliant plastic surgeon, on the rise in his profession, and set to be the next Chief of Surgery at the hospital he works in. He is known for his caring bedside manner and always remembered by his patients. But something is missing in his life, something he is not even entirely sure of. Until the day he sees an event that will change his life permanently....  Dani Sinclair was on her way to her dream vacation, one she had been scrimping and saving for over many years. While driving down the highway to the airport to catch her flight, fate intervenes and a careening vehicle crashes into her car, nearly killing her. When a strange man, Alec, comes to her rescue, her heart and soul recognize him, causing her to reach out  From the first moment, Alec knows there is something different about Dani, something which forces him to go out of his way to save her life and erase the physical memories of that near fatal accident. He is drawn to her, as she is to him, for no plausible reason. He is her lifeline, for those closest to Dani know she has an almost obsessive fear of death, and this accident hovered too close to the brink for her. No one knew why... until now.  Fate is reaching out its hands again to claim Dani. Her soul understands that Alec is her other half, the other part of her heart. Many lifetimes they have found each other, lost each other, then found each other again, just in time to die horrible deaths together. He was supposed to be her savior, but he never quite succeeded. Now they have one last chance to set things right once and for all. What they don't know is that an ancient enemy, one who has been with them in every incarnation of their souls, is back again, in hopes of conquering them again. Now Alec and Dani have to use the knowledge gained over several lifetimes to break the curse and be together once and for all.  WOW!!! This book is a surefire winner. It blasts the reader with enough emotional force to keep one enthralled and in its spell, from beginning to end. It is a fast-paced read, full of action as Dani and Alec barrel towards the final resolution of their eternal bond. They are meant to be together and one can't help but long for the happy ending they so deserve. All of the characters are lovingly drawn, vivid and with life all their own, even the villains.  Ms. Snodgrass shows brilliant expertise. Her storyline is fully fleshed out, leaving no doubt as to what is happening or why. She also shows remarkable skill at weaving a mystery, for this reviewer waffled many times over who she thought the true evildoer was. Be forewarned, don't pick this book up unless having plenty of time to read it, for the reader will not want to put it down until it is finished. This story is fantastic, but the true winner is the one reading it, for there is no better prize then this mesmerizing tale. This reviewer can't wait to read the next book by the talented Ms. Snodgrass.      