 Courtesy of Love Romances Reviews  Whoever would have thought the big city with the small town heart, Erie, PA, would be home to royalty?  Parker Dillon is a real, live princess... and hates every minute of it. After all, who wouldn't hate spending their entire life under a microscope? She hates the glamour, the press and the paparazzi as much as she loves her family. She has escaped to the U.S. for a while, has been able to go to college in relative anonymity and has had some semblance of a normal life. Unfortunately her father the king wants her to come home, resume her royal duty, and get married. She has no desire for that, so what's a girl to do?  Jason "Jace" O'Donnell is a private investigator, hired by Parker's father to follow her and make sure she is safe until she realizes it is time to go home. He's only doing his job, rather well too, until Parker catches him and figures it out. She had intended to give him grief until he quit, but the tables are turned when spending time with Jace makes her realize she wants more from him... maybe forever. But as much as Jace desires her, he can't get past their differences. Can a princess and a PI overcome the odds and stake out a more permanent job of love?  Ms. Jacobs once again proves she has a penchant for weaving a sweet story of romance with engrossing characters. Her books are always full of witty banter and powerful attraction between her main characters. Jace and Parker both show a strong personality and deep emotions. They are perfect for each other, if only they could figure that out.  There are several subplots woven in to the book as well, which will make readers hope for more to be revealed in the two coming books in this trilogy. There is the broken marriage of Shelly, Jace's sister, and how that has affected her two children and her brother. Then there is also the side story of Parker's unwanted fianc, Tanner, and one of her best friends, Shey, and the relationship that shimmers to life between them, promising more adventures for these two. And there is the shy quiet Cara, Parker's other dear friend, who deserves her own story. Readers will also love the fact that we get to visit with some old delightful friends found at Perry Square.  If readers want a quick read that is definitely not lacking in story or humor, then Once Upon a Princess by Holly Jacobs is a must-read. Fans will be eagerly awaiting Once Upon a Prince and Once Upon a King, due out in July and September respectively, to visit with Parker and company even more. For it is guaranteed that readers will always meet new friends in a book by Ms. Jacobs.   Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2005. All rights reserved.     