 Courtesy of Love Romances Hiho, Ohio is celebrating its centennial with festivities galore, beginning with the beauty pageant. What no one knows is that Hiho is really only 99 years old and if word leaked out, the town would be crushed. Joel Carter is the great great grandchild of Hiho's founders, Hiram and Hortense Hump. He is representing his ancestors by presiding over events as the guest of honor. He's also a man on a mission: his boss, Big Bert, owner of the up and coming Vision Motors, is looking for a spokesmodel for his new vehicle, the Incline. Joel has no desire to be there, for he positively despises small towns. He grew up moving from small town to small town, always being "the new kid" and the brunt of all the bullies taunting and abuse. Hiho brings back those bad memories for him, and he has no desire to be there for two weeks, preferring the hustle and bustle of big city life. Until he sees her... Katy Sloane is the children's librarian for the town, and a volunteer on the pageant committee. When Bert sees her, he is determined she is the perfect woman to represent his new vehicle, and commands Joel to see that she wins. Unfortunately for Joel, Katy has no desire to compete, finding beauty competitions to be insulting and demeaning to women. She much prefers her simple small town life and her job at the library. Joel's got his work cut out for him, trying to figure out how to convince Katy to compete. When the two of them discover Hiho's real age, Katy promises to compete if Joel will keep the secret about the town. Though he feels slightly guilty over her reasons for entering the pageant, she volunteered, so he isn't above using that to his benefit. Joel takes on the job of being Katy's coach, pleased at the opportunity to spend more time with her. However, neither counted on one of the fringe benefits of their forced closeness... falling in love. Katy is convinced Joel only wants her to win because he thinks her unattractive, like the "butt-ugly" vehicle she'd be representing. He is reluctant because of her strong ties to the town that epitomizes everything he hates. So how does he convince Katy he truly loves her, knowing he could never agree to stay, or her to leave? This was a delightful story! The writing duo that is Jennifer Drew, has penned a comical story that one will love to read. Joel and Katy are enchanting characters, as are the whole town. From Edna the gym teacher to loud Petey the car salesman, from "mature" contestant Sadie to cute Brandi and her domineering mother, the whole town is full of people the reader can't help but care for... people. Hiho is a lovely town, so characteristic of small towns all over the country. This tale has everything the Harlequin Duets line is known for, making it a perfect choice to be included in the landmark 100th volume. If one loves sparkling wit and humor, lively characters and fun stories, this is a prime choice! This story is this reviewer's first glimpse of Jennifer Drew's work, but it certainly won't be the last.  Kelley A. Hartsell, March 2003. All rights reserved.     