 The Assamites, a clan of assassins hailing from Persia and Arabia, have long been characterized by negative stereotypes in the World of Darkness gamelines. The first edition clan book was filled with offensive remarks and stereotypes about Islamic culture and the Middle East. Clayton Oliver's revision of the clan was a very welcome change from all of that. The Assamites are detailed as being more or less like any other clan. The first chapter opens with telling us everything that we have been told about the clan is a lie, created in part by the western clans, and in part by the Assamites need to remain secret. We are given an extensive history of the Assamite's role in Middle Eastern history, from ancient Mesopotamia, Persia, Babylon, Carthage, Greece and Assyria to Byzantine era. Great detail is given to the Crusades, the back story being that the Crusades shattered the Assamite's relation to the west. From then on, we get some brief views of Assamite activities during the Ottoman Empire, the British invasion of India, the formation of the Arab States, and finally the modern era. The next chapter goes into detail concerning the Assamite's social structre. The main body of the clan, following an ancient Mesopotamian God-King Ur-Shulgi, is given great detail. With social ranks going from the Du'at (three leaders of the clan) to the Silsila (elder priest types) to the Fida'i (initiates to the clan). We also learn that there are three Assamite castes. The main caste, the warriors, are not the assassins that are always presented as Assamites. Indeed, the warriors were once judges and law enforcers, but slowly changed to warriors over time. And not all, or even most, are assassins. Indeed, they are body gaurds, soldiers, straegists, communications experts, technicians, smugglers, martial artists and bedouin lords. There are also two other castes. The sorcerers are blood magicians, drawing from ancient Hebrew, Mesopotamian, Egyptian, Arabian, Persian and Indian magics. They are just as potent and deadly as the Tremere. The other caste are Viziers, the scholars and artisans of the clan. Not only are they record keepers, scholars and historians, but also scientists, linguists, religious experts, artists, jewellers, calligraphers, storytellers, legal expets, journaliss, Bollywood producers, politicians and so forth. Each gets a write up, complete with advantages, weaknesses, clan disciplines and bloodlines, and even specific ranks and offices. We are then presented with the Laws of Haqim, which unit the Assamite clan and guide them towards their goals. Political factions, from the loyalists, to those who want to break with the clan, to the Sabbat and Camarilla members, to those who follow other paths (like the Israeli Leopards of Zion, all female Furies of Erinyes and the elite hashashyin of the Web of Knives) are explored. We are also treated with steroetypes about the "foreign" clans and other creatures of the night. The chapter closes out with some details on unique Assamite disciplines and merits and flaws. Not only do we get unique multi-discipline powers, but also higher level Quietus powers, unique Celerity and Obfuscate powers, a vizier-specific Auspex power and the all new Assamite sorcery disicpline which draws on Mesopotamian and Persian blood magics. And of course, the book closes out with nine ready made Assamite templates (three for each caste, and one for each faction), several signature characters (some with stats) and an Assamite specific character sheet. Some of the more interesting templates included the archaeologist, character assassin, prophet of caine and witch-hunter (cool). Naturally, the signature characters included Fatima al-Faqadi (the Assamite signature character), but it also includes some really neat ones like Mata Hari (THE Mata Hari), Janni (an Israeli Assamite), Tegyrius (leader of the Schism who once rode with Alexander the Great) and Nar-Sheptha (a Babylonian sorceress bound into a series of CD-ROMS filled with magic lore), amongst others. All in all, I think this book has been extremley useful for the vampire setting, getting rid of some extremely offensive and prejudiced views from earlier editions and making vampire games fit better into a Middle Eastern setting. If you want to be able to play an Assamite with any depth, this book is a much needed supplement. Easily the best of the Clan books.     