 One of the final books in the Changeling line, I was so excited that this book even managed to come out. Unlike most other Changeling books (which are often excessively Western, particularly Celtic, based), this book focuses on the Eshu, the wandering kith from Africa, the Mid-East and Asia. After a cool, African-styled story, we get into Eshu history, from the Orisha's creation of the world, to the negative meetings with the European fae, to the modern era. Following this is an Eshu lexicon (of mainly Yoruban, Rromani and Creole words). THe next chapter goes into the diversity of Eshu society, including not only African, Mid-Eastern, Indian and Rromani Eshu, but also "western", Native American, Aboriginal and even Asian Eshu. Eshu Birthrights, traditions and lifestyles are all explored in depth, from their love of wandeirng, carousing and telling good stories, to their reverence for Uhuru (freedom) and their devotion to the Orisihas. This is continued in the next chapter, which covers Ojo (Seelie) and Iku (Unseelie) courts, as well as Eshu stereotypes, both on the Kithain and on other, stranger beings they've encountered on their travels. The next chapter goes into depth on two important sub-kiths as it were: the Oba, royal caliphs and chieftens (easily rivalling any Sidhe) who remain exclusively in the Eshu's homelands of Africa, the Middle East and India; and the Aithu, corrupt Thallain mockeries of the Eshu, noted for their greed and cunning, who have thus far remained in Africa, but slowly creeping into the Mid-East and Eastern Europe. In addition, there are a some NPCs, including legendary tale-teller Scherezade and Voudon Queen Marie Laveau. These are followed by some original templates, like the Wandering Capoeira Teacher. The book closes out with some nice Eshu-specific mechanics, lik tribal tattoos, Eshu-specific Merits and Flaws, two new backgrounds (Royal Lineage for the Oba and the Orisha Bond for Eshu to have African-style totems), treasures (like a blessed opa and Scherezade's circle) and a new Art: TaleCraft (basically enchanting an audience). Over all, most of these mechanics are pretty cool too. I think that any fan of Changeling, particularly those seeking something new or exotic, should check this book out while you still can find it.     