 Lets face it. The previous clan books were pretty [bad], so the Revised clan books have a lot to make up for. Well this one certainly does an excellent job of making the Followers of Set actually playable. After you read this book, you will actually be able to incorporate Setites into your games without disrupting it. The opening fiction gives us plenty of hints that what we think about them might not be so accurate after all. And then we get the kicker. The first chapter about history is written by a skeptical Setite! Theres a heavy focus on Egypt, and it looks like the authors really did some homework here. It starts off in pre-dynastic times, with the conflict between Osiris and Set and continues throughout dynastic Egypt into the Persian invasion and Alexander's liberation of Egypt. From then on, we get some stuff on Carthage, Cleopatra, Roman north Africa, the Coptic period and Set's disappearence. Byzantine and Muslim Egypt, along with the Crusades in the Holy Land, are then explored, with lots of juicy little tidbits. It goes on to the Ottoman era and the slow spread into Europe (the "Dark Continent"). We finally get into the modern era, along with some hints at non-Egyptian Setites! And then we are left with a disturbing ending. The next chapter is the meat, explaining the role of the Setites, Egyptian mythology and the Pah of Typhon-Set. We learn that the Setites are not base corrupters, but religious fanatics, servants of a dark and terrible god who offers freedom and scholars who seek to preserve forbidden lore. Definately a better motivation than undead pimps and drug lords. We get some hints for "Playing a God", a revision of the Path of Typhon (and the new Path of Sutekh), cult structure and some sample temples (mainly in northern Africa). Aside from the stereotypes of other clans and supernaturals, we also get to learn that the Setites are indeed not exclusively Egyptian. Aside from the orthodox cults, other ones exist, drawing from other cultures. We learn of the Norse Setites who revere the great serpent, the African Children of Damballah, the Sabbat's Serpents of Light who follow Voodoo and Santeria, the Shaivite Daitya of India and the Tlacique, ancient Aztec, Mayan and Incan vampires who now challenge the Sabbat. The chapter closes out with some mechanical stuff. New knowledge called Setite Lore, which draws upon the forbidden lore from ancient Egypt, and some new discipline powers. We get higher level Serpentis powers, along with some Obfuscate, Presence and multi-discipline powers. Plus we finally get a look at the hoary magics of ancient Egypt. The Setites can boast blood magicians just as potent as the Tremere. And not only are there Egyptian blood magics, but also Hindu magics of the Daitya, voodoo and santeria magics from Serpents of Light and the sacrificial magics of Mesoamerica used by the Tlacique. And of course, it closes out with the standard character templates, signature characters and a Setite specific character sheets. Surprisingly, the character templates are all pretty unique and original, a rarity for a clan book. Things like prophetic artist, business man who sells cheap Egyptian-style art, psychology, techno-mystic and gladiator. Plus we get the non-standard ones: Native rights activist Tlacique, voodoo queen Serpent of Light and debunking scientist Daitya. Pretty cool actually. The signature characters include a brood of Setites who repair other's reputations, as well as the signature character Hesha Ruhadze. More interesting, for me anyway, was the Daitya "devil-Brahmin" Sundervere. From what I've been told, he's going to become a major signature character in the upcoming Victorian Era Vampire. Regardless, hes a cool character. Check out this book if you want to make Setites with any real depth to them. Its an excellent clan book, and well worth the buy. Afterwards, you will actually be able to run them in your chronicles. The section on Egyptian history was extremely well written, even without the Setites, plus the new non-western bloodlines like the Children of Damballah, Daita and Tlacique were all neat additions too. Check out Blood Sacrifice for more on non-western blood magicians (especially Setites).     