 This slightly outdated setting book for Vampire: the Dark Ages covers Jerusalem before the Fourth Crusade. If your following the Dark Ages metaplot (as presented in Dark Ages: Vampire and the Bitter Crusade) then this book might need a bit of an overhaul. If your just using it as a general guide book, then its not as big a deal. Anyway, after an average peice of fiction the book gives the standard introduction. A short list of recommended reading and some common Arabic terms are given as well, but nothing you couldn't find elsewhere. The bookest strongest point is the first chapter, a very brief history of Jerusalem from the Hebrews onward to the Dark Ages timeframe from a vampire point of view. Brief mention is made of periods of Roman, Muslim and Latin rule, and its chock full of interesting little quotes and sidenotes. However, I really feel like such an ancient city deserved to have a bit more... mystery, exoticism or even more supernatural elements. The next chapter focuses on society and religion, going into overviews of Judaism, Islam and Christianity (including mention of the non-Catholics in the Middle East such as the Nestorians, Greeks and Armenians). The most interesting part was some information on how Cainites follow Islam and Judaism, particularly about getting around the prohibitions about consuming blood. The next chapter, Geography, was another strong point for the book and detailed the many sites infused by True Faith in the city. It then goes on to give profiles and stats for a variety of Cainites in Jerusalem, sorted by clan. It was interesting to see how the clans are almost all split between Muslims and Christians and some characters (like a dog-like Gangrel methusaleh, an out of place Viking, al-Hakim and the Bashirite Ravnos) were quite interesting. Most however struck me as so-so but thats just me. The book then closes out with some useful advice for running chronicles set in Medieval Jerusalem. With the writing of the Bitter Crusade, games set in Jerusalem are going to be a little different. Still this is a decent book for running games in Jerusalem before the fourth Crusade. My only comments are that it doesn't cover enough culture, history or religion. Other supplements (like Veil of Night and Libellus Sanguinus III) cover the region even better, or better yet you could even go to your library and do research on the Middle East, Jerusalem and the Crusades and come up with more stuff. But if you come across this book its still worth taking a look.     