 Charles Hudson is one of the greatest authors on the Nations of the Southeastern States, and in this book he turns his attentions towards their early contacts with the Spanish conquistadors in the mid-1500s. The first chapter of the book is nice, giving historical backgrounds and cultural details concerning both the Spanish (who had recently unified their country and having driven the Muslims and Jews out, were eager for more conquests) and the Mound Builders (who were in fact several highly developed civilizations throughout the Southeast). He then goes on to a very detailed examination of Hernando de Soto. He is examined, and we are given insight into every aspect of his expedition from his arrival in Florida all the way up to the end. The book is read in a linear fashion, making the story much easier to follow and the book focuses on specific places, villages and Nations that de Soto encountered. More than anything, his expedition had a negative impact on the Southeastern civilizations, gradually weakening them through disease, depletions of food and outright murder, rape and kidnappings. This would have such an impact that old Nations eroded away and gave rise to new Nations. Those that encountered the British and Americans later, such as the Five Civilized Nations (Cherokee, Seminole, Creek, Choctaw and Chickasaw), Powhatan Confederation and Tuscarora, were vastly different from their ancestors. The book closes out with a look at what happened after de Soto's expedition and includes a very thorough bibliography. It is also lavishly illustrated, including almost a hundred photographs of artifacts from Cahokia and other Mississippian civilizations, woodcuts, drawings of Indian dwellings and cities, photos of the Southeastern landscape and even recreationists in full Spanish military gear. Plus lots of maps of archaeological cultures in the Southeast, de Soto's route and so forth. A very nice book explaining the mysterious Indians of the Southeast and their early (and largely forgotten) contact with the Spaniards.     