 This CD contains a compilation of contemporary Kabylie music from Algeria and France. Often overshadowed by Rai, the music of Algeria's Berber people is just as emotionally charged and beautiful. Yet surprisingly, it is virtually unknown outside of it's home (and of course France, thanks to the numerous North African immigrants). This CD changes that, making it available on the global scale. Since it doesn't appear on Amazon.com, heres the track listing:  1. "A Vava Inouva" by Idir 2. "Rani Lah" by Djamal Allam 3. "Ajkuk" by Ta?fa 4. "Igoudhar" by Rabah Asma 5. "Thalt Ayam" by A?t Menguellet 6. "Ighzif Ayidh" by Afous 7. "Zwift Rwift" by Idir 8. "Tebbeg Riri" by Takfarinas 9. "Ikhat Udfel" by Ferhat 10. "Asaru" by Malika Domran 11. "Attan" by Thissas" 12. "Thenssa Thafath" by Matoub Lounes 13. "Adarghal" by Abdelli 14. "Thaq-Vaylith" by Slimane Azem 15. "M'Rahba Yassouane" by Cherifa 16. "Chant d'Amour" by Taos Amrouche Idir's "A Vava Inouva", a song of winter time in the Djurdjura mountains, is one of the greatest (and most well known) Kabylie songs of all times, and his gentle voice shows through in all it's beauty. Likewise, the tracks by Djamel Allam, Abdelli, Slimane Azem, Ferhat and Cherifa are all wonderful, coming from some of the greatest performers of the genere. Its also nice to see the inclusion of the revolutionary Matoub Lounes, whos politically charged music spoke out on behalf of the Berber people (until his assassination in his homeland of Algeria). A?t Menguellet too is a legendary figure, who continues to live in Algeria. And also, Takfarinas is one of the most innovative one this CD, representing a younger generation of Berber music (and fun to see perform too). Aside from the incredible selection of legendary (and upcoming) artists, this CD also includes extensive linnear notes, telling about the Berber people, and the history of Kabylie music, both in France and Algeria, as well as giving mini-biographies of Kabylie artists. It goes up until the present day too (well the mid-1990's). The only downside is that its written only in French, so if you don't speak French your kind of out of luck. Still, this is incredibly moving and enjoyable music. Definately worth checking out, especially if your a fan of North African (or just Arabic in general) music and have never heard anything of Berber origin. And if you like Berber music already, then this is right up your alley     