 This older book delves into "hedge magicians" for the World of Darkness in general, not just Mage: the Ascension. Unfortunately, its nowhere near as good as the revised edition, but theres still some good info to be found here. The introduction makes a point of how "sorcerers" have been overlooked by "True" Mages, and also tries too hard to make distinctions. Basically, the introduction gives a look at what "hedge magic" is and why people practice it, as well as what its like to play as a seeker after occult knowledge (from the point of view of an Arcanum investigator). It then closes out look some "basic rules" (ie sorcerers aren't members of Crafts, they don't work True Magic, etc) which are basically artificial distinctions that few Mages pay attention to anyway. 	The next chapter takes a look at Sorcerer societies. Five groups get full write-ups complete with histories, magical styles and connections to other supernaturals, including the high ritualists of the Ancient Order of Aeon Rites, the Balamob Mayan shaman, the Mormon mystics of the Nephite Priesthood, the Nigerian Uzoma priests and the new age Thal'hun. Minor groups like the Irish Fenian, Mogen ha Chav kabbalists, Dozen Priests of the Pythian Order and others also get brief mention. However, as good as the full write ups are, some of the things have now changed with the metaplot (ie, Balamob and Uzoma joining the Dreamspeakers, Nephites becoming Choristors and the Thal'hun disbanding and being reabsorbed into a new group called the Star Council). 	The next chapter covers character creation, including a handful of new Traits, Archetypes and Backgrounds, as well as some appropriate Merits and Flaws. Some of the stuff is a bit overpowered though (immortality for instance), but most of it fits the mood and themes of the World of Darkness. Theres also a chart for converting "hedge magic" into Disciplines, Arcanoi or Spheres (for sorcerers who die, Awaken or are Embraced). Its an okay system, but again slightly unbalanced. Following this is an entire chapter on "hedge magic" covering casting, systems and common foci and styles. Theres also over a dozen Paths (and associated rituals), magical effects such as shapeshifting, divination, speaking with spirits, alchemy, healing, controlling elements, making magical items and so forth. Unfortunately, the Paths aren't always well defined. 	Theres also a chapter of templates, like the shapeshifting hitchhiker, antiquarian, street prophet and secret agent/witch. Nothing interesting, but it seems like all of the sorcerers in this chapter are not members of any of the above described groups. The appendix includes sorcerers of note, like Cagliostro, the wandering African Uzoma thief Taneela Rangi Ya Fedha and the disturbingly mysterious "Gretchen", as well as some cool magical items like the love poppet, vision skull and a demonic mask. In addition to a character sheet, theres also a decent bibliography and list of websites. Overall, this is a good book, especially if you want information on things like the Balamob, Nephites or Uzoma. Otherwise, just save your money and buy Sorcerer revised. You get more up-to-date systems and mechanics (including way more paths), plus it meshes up better with the current setting.     