 The Native Americans of the Southeast such as the Moundbuilders and the Five Civilized Tribes (the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek and Seminole) ejoyed a particularly rich and highly developed culture before European contact. This book explores their background and history. In the first chapter, Cotterill exmines the pre-contact migrations of the Siouian, Algonquian and Muskogean Nations and their village lifestyles, cultures and government. This sets the stage for their early meetings with the English colonists, and after the Revolutionary War, the Americans as well. Several chapters go into the gradual decline of the southern Nations as they found more and more of their lands claimed by Euro-American settlers who saw today's Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississipi and the Carlonias as valuable real estate. Several historical figures and events are mentioned, such as Alexander McGillivray (Creek leader who sought an alliance with Spain against the state of Georgia), Tecumseh (the Shawnee war leader who sought to unify the Indians against Euro-American settlers) and the Creek Wars. After the Creek Wars, the book focuses an entire chapter on the beginnings of Indian Removal in 1820 which would ultimately culminate in the Trail of Tears, Andrew Jackson's forced (and illegal) deportation of the Cherokee, Creek, Chickasaw, Choctaw and Seminole from their homelands in the Southeast to "Indian Territory" (Oklahoma). It then has a further chapter focusing on how the Southern Indians changed and adapted in the fifty years afterwards, in dress, culture, dwellings, education, language and religion. The final chapter covers 1825-1830, the final removal of the Southern Nations. It focuses on the struggles (both physical and in court) that the Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek and especially Seminole faced with being relocated to reservations and ultimately the Trails of Tears, in which Andrew Jackson (illegally; the Cherokee won against him in court but he ignored that ruling) deported members of the Five Nations from their homelands in the south to Indian Territory (today's Oklahoma). This is really a nice, scholarly book for understanding the history of the Five Civilized Tribes of the Southeast. It is particularly nice as it focuses on a specific timeframe (from English contact to 1830) and a specific area (the traditional homelands in the Southeast), so the focus is much more specific than it could be otherwise. My only criticism of this book is that information on the Seminole is fairly scant. Still, this is an excellent book for pure history of any of the Nations in the Southeast and if you are studying Native American history or culture, I strongly recommend this book and others in the series.     