 After a long-time in the waiting, this book finally collects together the previous 10 Changing Breeds splat books and expands on them. This book is invaluable to players and STs, though the individual Changing Breed books are still quite useful (since they have way more Gifts, Rites, Merits, Flaws and info). The book starts with an introductory tale on why the Changing Breeds must cooperate, and then goes on to introduce the Changing Breeds. All 11 species get a look, along with some tips on running all-Fera, Garou-Fera or mixed games (and why some Changing Breeds are easier than others). Mention is also made that players should study the animals and that most Fera games are going to be non-western in part because the Garou don't really exist in numbers in Africa, South America and other such areas. 	The book then takes a look at general Fera history, from the War of Rage onward. Then it takes a look at the various continents, telling of how each of the Changing Breeds fits in (ie ebola spreading Ratkin in Africa, Mokole in the south-eastern US, the Bubasti's attempts at retaking Egypt, the Nagah's homeland of India and so forth). This is really great, considering how little WW has published on these more obscure areas in their other books. Then the book goes into introducing a brief write up for each of the 11 Fera, all of which contain enough information, Gifts, Rites and Traits to allow you to run members of that particular Changing Breed, either as an NPC or a player's character. The first one revises the Ajaba were-hyenas of Africa and India, finally making them more than "evil Bastet". They are made a breed unto themselves, the warriors of Africa, complete with their own auspices, Gifts and traits. 	Next the book takes a look at the manipulative Ananasi were-spiders and their struggle to save their queen, and a wonderful (and long-needed) revision of the 9 tribes of Bastet were-cats. The "sensuality" of the old book is toned down, making them seem more like predatory cats. Each one is brought up to date, including the Balam (were-jaguar) in the Amazon War and the Simba (were-lions), Swara (were-cheetahs) and Bagheera (were-leopards) in Africa's Ahadi alliance. Also, consideration is given to the RL cat's ranges (ie, lynxes in Spain, lions in India, leopards and cheetahs in the Middle East and pumas in South America) which I found pleasing. Next the Corax (were-ravens) are examined, who also get something of a revision. They now have Tribes and are much more into the role of messangers and spies. From there things move to the Gurahl (were-bear) who seek to heal nature, the cunning Kitsune (were-foxes) of the Far East, the Mokole (were-crocodilians/lizards) who preserve memories of the dinosaurs and the subtle Nagah (were-snakes) who enforce Gaia's laws. A toned down version of the Nuwisha (were-coyote) tricksters is also given, followed by the Ratkin (were-rats) who cull the herds of humanity with disease and death and finally the mysterious Rokea (were-sharks). 	Sadly, some stuff was cut out, like the Ratkin's "freak auspices" and the Kitsune's magic, but that sort of stuff can be found in the individual books. The next chapter covers some general new/altered Abilities, Backgrounds and Merits/Flaws, along with combat manuevers, Delirium and Renown. Very brief, but very clear as well. The next chapter does a very brief summary of the Beast Courts of East Asia. Social structure, history, renown and the Laws of the Emerald Mother (their Litany) are covered, along with all of the Breeds; the Hakken (Japanese "Shadow Lords"), Khan (were-tigers), Kumo (Wyrm tainted were-spiders), Nagah (were-snakes), Nezumi (were-rats), Same-Bito (were-sharks), Tengu (were-ravens) and Zhong Long (were-lizards/crocodilians) are given, along with differences between them and their western kin, some new Gifts and other members of the Beast Courts (like the Boli Zouhisze Glass Walkers of Hong Kong and the Stargazers). 	The final chapter, and imho one of the most interesting, covers the Ahadi, a newly formed alliance of shape-shifters in Africa. It gives a brief description of the Ahadi's formation following (and Black Tooth's death) along with some general guidlines on it's laws and how it works. The members are all looked at, including the Silent Striders, Bastet (were-cats), Ajaba (were-hyenas) and Mokole (were-crocodiles), aside with affiliated Ananasi (were-spiders), Ratkin (were-rats), Rokea (were-sharks) and Corax (were-ravens; in this case white-necked South African ravens). An updated look at Africa and it's supernatural events, like the conflicts between the Ahadi and Setites in Egypt, Wyrmed taint in Nigeria and a horror lurking beneath the Kalahari. The book closes out with a couple Ahadi rites. Ultimately, this book was long overdue, and is quite useful in my opinion. Even if you have all the Changing Breed books, this book is still useful because of the reivisions, updates on things and the information on the Fera of Africa and India.     