 Although somewhat dated (it was written around 1920), this book remains one of the greatest sources for information about the syncretic magico-religious beliefs of the Malay. Having been exposed to Arab and Indian sea-farers for centuries, the Malay developed an extremely ecclectic belief system combining Hindu and Muslim influences with indigenous shamanism, animism and ancestor worship. This book, quite insightful and open-minded for it's time, delves into these beliefs, exposing them to the outside world. Because it was recorded at such an early date, the book is wonderful for providing a snapshot of Malay belief at the time, before a more extensive European influence. The introduction gives a brief look at the historical, cultural, racial and ethnic influences that have shaped the Malay Peninsula, and then goes on to examine all manner of spirits and gods invoked by Malay magicians; the Gods of the Dayaks, Shiva and other members of the Hindu pantheon, the Djinn, ghosts, faeries, spirits of the forests, the Angels and devils of Islam and so forth. Afterwards there is a look at various social roles played by Malaysian medicine men, magicians, fakirs and shaman, and a look at some of the popular charms and amulets used by them. This is followed by a look at aboriginal concepts of the soul, animism, animals, plants, minerals and names. This is particularly illuminating information for anyone interested in the magico-religious beliefs of the Malay. Chapter six covers the rice harvest ceremonies, a central aspect to agrarian communities, with parallels in other fertility practices around the world. Next comes a brief chapter on the trance state of the Malay shaman, and a chapter about the water bufallo sacrifice ceremony of the shaman. Then there is a nice detailed discussion of the role of magic in the lifecycle from birth to death and everything in between. This gives some wonderful insights into the social role played by the magician. It then goes on to examine the relationship between Islam and magic in Malaya, which includes a look at Middle Eastern beliefs in dreams, astrology, the Djinn, Quranic charms, divinations and so forth. It also makes mention of various Egyptian and Arabian texts that are used in Malaysia, as well as mention of third hand Gnostic, Egyptian, qabbalistic and Indian influences brought by Arab (and other Muslim) traders. The book closes out with a look at mysticism in the Malay Peninsula, including Shi'ite influences, Sufism and other schools of Islamic mysticism, and some influences from Hindu pantheism as well. Overall, its a wonderful book. As I said before it is somewhat dated, and written by a non-Muslim, non-Malay foreigner. Nonetheless, its surprisingly sympathetic to Malay culture and provides wonderful insights into Malay magico-religious practices. In a broader sense, it also is useful for understanding shamanism and mysticism in Islam and Hinduism, or other syncretic faiths such as Voudon, Obeah and Santeria. Definately worth checking out though, especially since its so cheap.     