 This book covers the so-called Hedge Wizards, or sorcerers, as opposed to those who practice "True" magic. Although their magic is not as flexible or open-ended as that of "true" magic, it can be just as potent and is much more focused. Plus it doesn't have Paradox! The book opens with a general intro fiction about a farmer calling down rain to end a drought, and then moves on to a typical introduction and terminology. Surprsingly, the first chapter (written in-character by an acolyte) delves into what "hedge magic" is, and the various hows and whys that accompany it. This then quickly moves to the next chapter, which points out very clearly that the distinctions between "hedge magic" and "true magic" are pretty much pointless, as both are magic and only a handful of scholarly types even make the distinction. We then get a look at how Sorcerers fit into all of the Traditions, from Akashic martial artists to Dreamspeaker shaman to Euthanatos necromancers to Verbena witches, often because of cultural affiliations. They exist amongst the Hollow Ones and Orphans too, and even the Technocracy has those who specialize in "advanced" chemistry, engineering or other such sciences. From there we are given a look at "independant" societies as well, the ancient Egyptian cults of Isis and Osiris, the Bata'a voudonists and santeros (who maintain a seperate identity within the Dreamspeakers), the anti-Semitic infernalists of the Nebuu-Afef, the near maruaders of the Silver Portal, the UFO conspiracists of the Star Council and more. The smaller factions are also looked at, and the reasons for their decline (the African Uzoma and Mayan Balamob joining the Dreamspeakers, for instance, the Irish Fenian and Mormon Nephites joining the Celestial Chorus and the dark pagan Asatru Futhark being destroyed). The next chapter gives the general Character Creation guidlines, along with new rules, Backgrounds, Traits and Merits/Flaws specific to Sorcerers. Most of the stuff is quite appropriate too. This is followed by a look at roughly 15 Paths, like shapeshifting, teleportation, alchemy, summoning, weather control, elemental control, divinations, shadow control, alchemy and so forth. Each path includes a number of rituals and even variations on paths (like necromancy, high-tech chemistry and so forth). In the next chapter we are given a look at another alternative: psyhics, along with rules for psychic powers as magic, chi-manipulation or whatever (this option is especially appropriate for Akashics, Dreamspeakers or Ecstatics). Like with hedge magic, some 20 Psychic Powers and variations are given, like telepathy, mind shielding, clairvoyance, pyrokenesis, psychic vampirism, animal psi, astral travel, biocontrol and the like. Theres also a couple psychic fellowships given, though none are particularly large or powerful. The next chapter, though, is quite useful, covering guidelines for running a sorcerer/psychic chronicle. Themes, mood and concepts (like seeker of forbidden secrets of chem student) are given, along with rules and options for hedge magic and other supernaturals (as well as half-supernaturals like ghouls, kinfolk, kinian, etc). This covers both learning it and being affected by it. Theres also an examination of the limits of hedge magic, and rules for making new Paths. All in all, this was a very useful section, of a very useful book. Go check it out if you enjoy Mage: the Ascension or even just want to add a darker, supernatural element to other World of Darkness games.     