 This book contains all the rules you need for live-action Mummy games, based off their gameline Mummy: the Resurrection. Like the other live-action World of Darkness games, it contains all the basic Mind's Eye Theatre rules, and the standard photos and signature character fiction (which actually fits in pretty well with the mood and setting). However, it also includes stuff specific to Mummies. After getting through the basics, the book introduces Mummies, the Holy Land and the Djinn. Mention is made of ancient Egyptian history and mythology (complete with a deity list), up to the events that caused the return of Osiris and the mummies. Theres a brief look at the various Mummy factions (like the Cults of Isis and Osiris) and a glossary of Egyptian, Greek and Arabic terms. Theres also a look at the mummies homelands in the Web of Faith, setting details for Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the Underworld. Chapter Two covers the advantages, traits and weaknesses of the Mummy splats, each based off the ancient Egyptian parts of the soul (the Ka which guards the physical body, the Ba which carries knowledge from the underworld, the eternal Sahu, the Khu which connects to the divine and the dark urges of the Khaibit). Following this is the chapter on character creation, which includes all of the rules, Traits, Abilities, Backgrounds and Influences, specifically geared towards playing mummies (particularly the Backgrounds, such as Ka, Tomb, Vessel and so forth). Theres also a list of mummy specific Merits and Flaws, and details on Willpower and Sekhem (mystical energy). Then theres an entire chapter on Hekau, ancient Egyptian magic. It includes things like alchemy, necromancy, name magic, weather control (even calling down the Ten Plagues!) and making ushabtis. All are arranged in the standard Basic-Intermediate-Advanced format, but each one includes numerous rituals rather than a set list of powers. Chapter five covers the basic Mind's Eye Theatre stuff: rules for tests, combat, using weapons, mass challenges, derangements, etc. Theres also the mummy specific stuff, including the rules for Balance, being judged, death and rebirth (mummies are functionally immortal, but they still have to spend time in the underworld between resurrections), loosing Sekhem, corruption, aging, disease, Vampires, the Veil and so on. The next chapter also covers general stuff on Storytelling and running a live-action game. Finally the book closes out looking at allies and enemies. The Apepnu (bane-mummies) are covered, along with their undead servants, cannibal cultists and so forth. Theres also mention of the Followers of Set and Hashashinn vampires, Ahl-i-Batin and Taftani wizards, shapeshifters (were-jackals, cobras, cats and crocodiles) and even other mummies who don't serve Osiris (including the Incan Cappacocha and the Asian Wu'Tian). Overall, this is a wonderful book, giving you and your players the chance to portray the ancient Egyptian "undying" in their dark battle against the forces of Apep (corruption). Unlike the other World of Darkness games, you portray a hero fighting to restore ancient balance to a dying world. Its both a dark game, and a game of hope. In addition, it draws very heavily on Egyptian and Middle Eastern mythology (ie Set, Osiris, mummies, Djinn, Apep, etc) and covers Egypt and Arabia in the World of Darkness. Overall, this is an awesome game, either by itself or in conjunction with other Live Action games (especially Vampire, Mage, Werewolf and Wraith)     