 Wow! This CD is a great sampling of Native American music from across North America, both contemporary and traditional. A wide range of artists, Nations and generes are included, and there is plenty here to interest almost anyone whether you already enjoy Native music or have never heard it before and want to learn more. Some things would be expected, such as the Native flute performances of Raymond Caros Nakai (Navajo and Ute) and Bill Miller (Mohican) and a traditional northern powwow song by the Blackstone Singers (Cree). Other things are quite unexpected, such as the Black Lodge Singers (Blackfeet) who do a northern style powwow version of Micke Mouse! Theres plenty of traditional material on this CD, such as a dance of the San Juan Pueblo performed by the Garcia Brothers, a Zuni prayer chant performed by Chester Mahooty and a historic recording of Ed Lee Natay (Navajo). Natay was the first Native performer recorded on the Canyon Records label, one of the major labels in Indian music, and was familar with the music of neighboring Nations. Hence the song on this CD is Keres Pueblos, not Navajo. The most interesting traditional piece by far though is Judy Trejo (Paiute) performing a song played before the Ghost Dance. Her efforts to preserve the music of the Paiute and Shoshone are very worthwhile, and if you appreciated that track check out her CD as well. Walela (Cherokee), Joanne Shenandoah (Oneida) and Sharon Burch (Navajo) contrast her with three contemporary vocal pieces that I found particularly beautiful and moving. Another contemporary piece has Robert Tree Cody (Maricopa and Dakota) sings in Dakota to accompany a keyboard, drum and Native flute. A couple other lesser known generes of Native music are given, such as a Church hymn in Kiowa by Cornell Pewewardy (Comanche and Kiowa) and an example of "chicken scratch", a popular polka style music of the Tohono O'odham of Arizona. Verdell Primeaux (Lakota and Ponca) and Johnny Mike (Navajo), two Roadmen of the Native American Church, perform a wonderfully haunting and emotional Peyote healing ceremony. Even more unusual is a hiphop number infused with Native activism from WithOut Rezervation (Paiute, Navajo, Cree and Tohono O'odham) and a melodic, jazz-funk piece by Burning Sky (Ute and Navajo). This is really a fun and eye-opening CD, and the low price makes it a nice purchase for anyone interested in Native music. There are even brief linear notes, and even a discography so you can track down further CDs if theres one or two tracks you really like. Check this CD out. If you've never heard Native music before, this is really a decent introduction. And if you already enjoy American Indian music, this CD is too good a buy to pass up.     