 Wow! This CD is a wonderful new move for Natacha Atlas. She retains her beautiful voice and wonderful unique style, but somehow this CD is new and different. I think theres a bit more influence from western pop styles on this CD (as opposed to some of her earlier releases), but it still is filtered through Arabic/Middle Eastern styles. Featuring contributions from Tuup, Princess Julianna, Kalia, Z, Myra Boyle, Sinead O'Connor, Niara Scarlett and Mona, this CD adds everything from hip-hop to Bollywood to Natacha's already ecclectic style. The CD starts off with the nice, mellow track "Adam's Lullaby" where Natacha shows off that wonderful voice of hers, and goes straight to a reggae track "The Eye of the Duck", which sounds alot like some of the new stuff from Jamaica or Africa (but still has a very strong Egyptian pop influence on it; actually, maybe it sounds a bit like Bhangra too). "Eye of the Duck" was simply amazing. The title song, "Something Dangerous", plays up on the exotic and the mysterious, keeping Natacha's characteristic Middle Eastern style, but making it more appreciable to western ears. Another track "Janamaan", was simply amazing and borrowed a lot from Bollywood musicals. Personally, its my favorite track on the CD. "Just Like a Dream" and "Man's World" show off the amazing range of Natacha's beautiful voice. "Layli" was a very smooth, slick hip-hop number, showing another side of Atlas. "Simple Heart" is another nice dancey track, followed by the moody, atmospheric "Daymalhum" and the rhythmic rapping of "Who's My Baby". "When I Close My Eyes" seems to call more on Egyptian/Arabic pop music (which is always appreciated), as does "This Realm". I liked "Le Printemps". Its a very nice atmospheric song, highlighting Natacha Atlas's wonderful voice. Finally, the CD closes out with "Like the Last Drop", another slow ephemeral song playing up on Arabic song. Ultimately this was a wonderful CD, and a must for fans of Natacha Atlas. If your new to Atlas, you might want to check out one of her earlier releases like "Gedida", but you'll still appreciate this CD. It seems to be a new move for this incredible and remarkable artist (after all, how many people could fuse Arabic/Egyptian pop with techno-dance beats, reggae, hip-hop and bollywood musicals?). I have to give her credit. This was an amazing CD, and completely different from what I was expecting, but still a wonderful addition to my CD collection. Few artists could have successfully pulled something like this off. Go out and buy this CD and I garuntee you will be moved, even if you have never been exposed to Arabic music in your life.     