 I'm tempted to lean towards one and a half stars for this but E-bay doesn't really let us do that. Anyway, this isn't a horrible book. It certainly does not give any insight into authentic Finnish (or Saami) traditions, it does give some insight into modern "neo-shamanic" beliefs that are built around a historic base... and the inherent weaknesses within. In my mind, there are several great problems with the book. Not the least of which is that the author appearently doesn't speak Finnish! Aside from that, he blurs the line on the differences between Finnish, Saami and Scandinavian culture and mythology. That he calls the Saami "Lapps" (an antiquated term which many consider offensive) MIGHT be overlooked, but to claim that the Saami and Finns borrowed all their cultural beliefs from the Norse is far worse. This is not new amongst neo-Pagans, many of whom are quite intent on stealing native cultures for themselves, often strainin them through a Eurocentric medium. I can think of countless New Age gurus who claim ancient Native American or Maori secrets, often made up at the spur of the moment. So definately avoid thinking that this book provides any information on authentic Finnish culture. Also, his other great error is that he relies far too much on literature. While the Kalevala may indeed be an excellent source for pre-Christian Finnish beliefs, it seems that he based a large portion of his book off the great epic. Again, this is rather sloppy scholarship. It would have been better to include a greater focus on archaeological studies, or even making educated guesses based off studies of other Finnic cultures. Furthermore, the fact that the book is written with a "do-it-yourself" attitude strikes me as potentially dangerous. Yes, hallucagenic mushrooms, animal sacrifice and bath houses played a major role in shamanic rites in the north, but including potentially dangerous mis-information to the public is not a good idea. It is very possible to injure oneself using mushrooms or bath houses, and improper animal sacrifices are just as bad. Having said all of that, I do admit that it gives some insight into the thoughts and beliefs of at least some so-called "Neo-shamanists" who have appropriated cultural and religious practices and adapted them to their own culture. Such a thing is not new, nor is it entirely European. The best way to approach this text is with a skeptical, scientific view; its better to study neo-shamanic/new age beliefs with than "ancient and enlightened" Finnish culture.     