 This book, part of the Holt "History of Religion" series, is actually more like a combination of four seperate books combined into one. The first part, written by Walter Krickeberg, deals with the religions of ancient Mesoamerica in chronological order, starting with the Zacatenco and Ticoman cultures and moving on to the more familar Aztecs, Zapotecs and Maya. This is an excellent guide to various Mesoamerican myths and legends along with religious practices, some of which are still practiced by Native American Nations in Mexico today. The only problem in this part comes from the fact that much of the material on the older empires comes from speculation about the religious significance of archaeological finds. However, it is still worth reading. Hermann Trimborn wrote the next part, which covers both the kingdoms of southern Central America (about everything south of the Maya) and the Andean empires. This is quite a feat since the cultures are so diverse and, when covering the Andes, he again uses speculation for some of the empires that died out before European contact. Nonetheless, the material on the Inca and Central American Indians was excellent and well worth the read. Werner Muller wrote the section on North American religions, but here focuses on the religions as they existed BEFORE European influence and ignored nations and regions where we know little of the religions before contact (including the Great Plains). First he gives us a look at the shamanism of the subarctic people in Canada--the Athapaskans and Algonquins. Then we see the ceremonies of the Delaware and Algonquin of the East coast, followed by the visionquests of the Great Lakes Algonquin (which mirror those of the nations on the Great Plains). Next we are given a look at the legends of the Iroquis, the theology of the Zuni and finally, the religions of various California nations. The last section of the book was written by Otto Zerries and covered all the nations of the Carribean and South America (excluding the Andes). Again, we are given a diverse lot of cultures ranging from Amazonian natives to the hunter-gatherers of Tierra del Fuego. Nonetheless, he does an excellent job of tying together the cultures based upon similar concepts such as ancestor worship, shamanism, culture heroes and vegetation deities. While slightly dated, this is still a pretty good look at the religions of the American supercontinent as they existed before European contact.     