 As both a player and ST for Werewolf: the Apoclaypse, I've always had a bias towards the Pure Ones, so I was quite pleased when this book was released. In addition to finally providing information on the Croatan, it also gives an overview of the Pure Lands in general before the coming of the European Garou. The book opens with fiction about the Three Brothers (Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo), as well as an introduction telling of the theme, mood and setting. The book then goes on to chronicle the history of the Pure Lands, telling of the Pure One's arrival, the Mound Builder civilization, the arrival of the Europeans and ultimately the fall of the Croatan. It also gives some small histories from both the Uktena and the Wendigo, telling of bane-binding, contacts with the Europeans and so forth. Chapter Two covers the lands and peoples, listing several examples of Croatan Caerns in the Mississippi and along the east coast, Uktena Caerns in the Southwest, California, Southeast and California, and Wendigo Caerns in the far north, Great Plains, Northwest Coast and Northeast. It briefly mentions the Corax, Gurahl, Nuwisha and Bastet, alongside spirits and some differences in settings (like no written languages or metal tools), plus info for some pre-Columbian chronicles. The neatest part though was an examination of kinfolk for all three Tribes. The Croatan claim the Lene Lenape, Iroquois, Mound Builders and so forth, while the Uktena claim the Comanche, Kiowa, Anasazi, Pueblos, Osage, Miwok, Apache, Navajo, Seminole and other southern Nations and the Wendigo claim the Inuit, Algonquians, Iroquois, Tsimshian, Lakota, Cheyenne, Pawnee, Haida, Arapaho and other northern Nations. Theres nothing here you couldn't get out of a good ethnography or history book, but its nice to have if you know next to nothing on Native cultures but still want to add depth to a character. After this, there is an extensive look at storytelling, giving some basic info for major time frames such as the Great Migration, First Contact, the Wild West and even modern times, plus a look at past lives, multi-generational games and so forth. Information on basic stuff like other Tribes (mainly Get, Stargazers, Fianna and Talons), the Pure Lands gauntlet, systems for fighting and major spiritual themes are all adressed. This stuff I feel is good for almost any historical game. Theres also a look at monsters like cannibal heads, witches, horned water snakes and the little people. The next chapter covers the rules changes, like Willpower for all the Tribes, new and changed Abilities and Backgrounds, Merits and Flaws, Fetishes and Talens, and Gift changes. In addition to some new Rites and new Gifts for the Wendigo and Uktena, theres also a complete list of Gifts for the Croatan. There are also guidelines at the back for creating and running Kinfolk characters, which is really nice to see for a change of pace. Ultimately this is a wonderful book. I've seen some comments that this book is too Native-centric, but as it is focused on pre-Columbian settings I feel that is quite appropriate. I was also pleased to see the use of Nation in lieu of tribe to refer to Native groups, and the occaisonal use of proper names (Dine instead of Navajo, for example, or Hasinai instead of Caddo). It really struck me that the authors were trying to be respectful of RL Native cultures. My only real gripe was that it stops at the Mexican border, leaving out the Aztecs, Maya and other Native Americans in Mexico and further south. Still, if you want a book that will help with a historical setting (like the Wild West, or even pre-Columbian times), or want more information on the Croatan, this is the book to get.     