 Part of the "Library of the World's Myths and Legends" series, this book was done by an author familar with both African culture and world mythology so it does a wonderful job exposing the oft-overlooked myths and legends of sub-Saharan Africa. I make a point of saying that because everything north of the Sahara (including Egypt) is excluded from this book. Instead, the focus is on the related themes running through indigenous traditions. Lavishly illustrated with masks, ceremonial objects, the ruins of Great Zimbabwe, wooden figures, amulets, Bushmen rock paintings and so forth, this is a wonderful little book to look at. The introduction does a good job of showing how diverse Africa is, both in terms of geography and in terms of ethnicity. The first couple chapters are devoted to the Supreme Being (as indigenous African culture was monotheistic), including a widespread belief that some action of man caused this Supreme Being to withdraw from the world. The myths and legends of different groups are given, revealing both similarities and differences. From there it goes to examine myths of the creative ancestor figures and beliefs on the cycle of life, death and rebirth. Both are central to African beliefs, and are somewhat connected as people are believed to continue their involvement with the community after death as ancestor figures eventually to be reborn. These are very sophisticated ideas common throughout the coninent and again, numerous myths and legends are given. One particular myth that shows up here are the various myths about the origin of death. The next couple chapters examine more social aspects of mythology in African life, taking a look at oracles, divinations, magic, witchcraft, monsters and secret societies. These are things which take an active role in community life (whether it was to help the community as oracles and secret societies did or to harm it as witches and other monsters did), and the book is full of depictions of ceremonial objects such as masks, divination tablets, diving rods, vessels for making offerings, bullroarers and so forth. Both magical practices and specific myths related to them are observed, giving the reader a clear idea of how the practices related to a mythical past and connected the practicioners to the creative ancestors. This is followed up by legends involving historical events including Osei Tutu and the golden stool, tales of old If and Benin, Kikuyu myths of Mt. Kenya, the~ mystery of Great Zimbabwe and even stories about the first ecounters with Europeans, amongst other things. The book closes out with numerous well known African animal tales, including numerous tales of Anansi the spider trickster of the Ashanti. He then mentions how aside from African influences travelling to the Americas and even Europe, other mythologies have influenced Africa; Islamic tales such as the 1,001 Nights in Muslim communities (especially in the north and the east), Indian tales like the Pancha-tantra and Jataka along the coast, Portuguese stories in Angola and Mozambique and even Grimm's Fairy Tales in some schools. He finishes by stating the importance of recording African myths to provide insight into the indigenous religious views of the African people, and ultimately I think that this book is a decent introduction to just that. Its certainly worth picking up, if only for a general review of African mythology and it's major themes. The nice thing about this is that it doesn't focus too much on one particular group or another. You can find tales from the Pygmies, Mbundu, Hausa, Swazi, Zulu, Chaga, Malagasy, Venda, Dogon, Songhai, Shona, Dahomey, Igbo and many others besides in this book. Sierra Leone is given as much attention as, say, the Congo or Kenya. So ultimately this is a wonderful little book if all you want are comparative myths and legends of sub-Saharan Africa.     