 Okay, well don't get me wrong. This is a decent book, but my two biggest criticisms are that its pretty akward, with parts being better written than others, and also that it is very metaplot heavy. Overall, it does what it sets out to do, covering different parts of the world and how the Garou fight the war here and there. But alot of the stuff is stuff that you could get by researching that particular country or region, while other stuff is just updates on Rage across X. The first part covers the Americas, including Canada, the US, Mexico and South America (with an update on the Amazon War). The tribal dynamics are examined, showing why certain tribes are more populous in certain regions, as well as the concerns of the Garou (and to a lesser degree other Fera) in the region and even interesting cultural tidbits (like a note on the Metis and Inuit Nations of Canada, or the U'wa and their struggle with Occidental petrolium in Colombia; frighteningly enough thats from the real world and NOT the WoD). Nothing that you couldn't assume or do yourself with your own research but still interesting. I also found the conflicts between the Wyrmcomer European tribes (the Fianna, Get and Silver Fangs mainly) and the Pure Ones (the Wendigo in Canada and the northern US, the Croatan on the eastern coast, and the Uktena in the southern US, Mexico and South America) to be interesting. But then the Uktena and Wendigo are really fun tribes. The next section covers Europe and its current problems. Tribal structure is much more regional in this case (eastern Europe is Shadow Lord territory, Germany and Scandinavia is mainly Get, the British Isles, Spain and France is mainly Fianna, etc) and each Tribe's write up includes regional concerns and issues. It then goes on to Russia, which is basically an update of the fall of Baba Yaga and the Shadow Curtain. Having Rage across Russia helps out alot here. The most interesting section by far, however, is the Middle East and Africa, which covers the formation of the Ahadi, an alliance between the Silent Striders, African wild dog Talons, Mokole, Bastet and other African shifters to defeat Black Tooth. This is very metaplot heavy stuff and I found great use for it in my chronicles already. Admittedly not the greatest, as Africa is divided more by region (explaining chronologically how each region played a role in Black Tooth's fall and what each Tribe and Fera breed is up to there now) and info on the Middle East is mainly just a bunch of random facts and statistics focusing on every country from Bahrain to Yemen. Still great stuff, especially if you have Rage Across Egypt or working knowledge of African/Mid-Eastern history and culture. The section on Asia, or rather South and East Asia was suprisingly thin. It does tell stuff about the breeds and interests in each region, as well as an update on the Stargazers, but you almost need Hengeyokai to follow the whole thing. Also, India was scarcely covered, which I found to be a shame with there being so many wolves in India in the real world. Plus they never actually detailed the Indian shifters in detail, save to say that its different from both the "east" and the "west". The section on the South Pacific gives a look at the Garou in Indonesia, New Zealand and Polynesia plus a quick update of Rage across Australia. It then goes on with some dark lore about ancient evils sleeping under the ice in Antarctica. Very Lovecraftian. As I said, it is an interesting book and certainly worth using. I especially loved the Ahadi-Black Tooth material in Africa and the Middle East and the stuff about the Pure Ones in the Americas section. But I was equally disappointed with the scant information on India and the Pacific. So its kind of a mixed bag. Take it for whatever you want, but it depends on how much use you expect to get out of this stuff.     