 The Rough Guide series is wonderful. Almost every compilation they have released is a wonderful slice of a given culture or country's musical traditions. I cannot recommend these CDs highly enough. Therefore, this boxed set, focusing on the music of Africa, is a wonderful addition to any world music fan's collection. It contains four CDs, three of which were released seperately originally. The first of these CDs focuses on the traditions of Sene-Gambian pop music, with such great names as Baobob Orchestra, Baaba Maal, Cheikh Lo and Youssou N'Dour. The music is lively and melodious, and uniquely west African. The next CD focuses on Soukous, a dance tradition based on Rumba, which originated in the Congo, and rapidly spread across the African continent. Featuring such great names as Papa Wemba, Franco, Same Mangwana, Kanda Bongo Man and Koffi Olomide. After hearing their lively performances, you'll understand the popularity, even if you can't speak Lingala. Rounding this out, is a CD featuring the musical styles of South Africa, which is of added interest given the recent popularity that South African artists are enjoying in the west. A number of near legendary performers, ranging from Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Mariam Makeba to the Soul Brothers, Boyoyo Boys and Lucky Dube, and everything in between, appear on this CD. These three CDs, which do a pretty good job giving an overview of music from across the African contient, would be worth buying the Boxed Set for alone. However, there is a fourth CD, a Rough Guide sampler, included in the boxed set. Included on the sampler is a song from Mozambique, and a sample of South African Jazz. However, it also features two tracks already in the Boxed Set, but thats not much of a problem. This Boxed Set is an excellent collection of African music, and is definately well worth the price. You won't get three excellent CDs for a better price. I love mine, and listen to it frequently (in fact, I'm listening to it right now). You will definately appreciate this CD.     