 Another decent book written for second edition, but that could easily be adapted for revised, this book focuses on the Crafts: small (usually culturally connected) groups of Mages who choose to ignore all four sides in the Ascension War. However, unlike the Hollow Ones, many of these Crafts are pretty cool. The first section covers the Bata'a, a small craft practicing Voudon, Santeria, Candomble, Hoodoo and other related religions. Based mainly in Haiti and other parts of the Carribean, they stood aloof from all outsiders. There is a nice glossary of Voudon and Bata'a related terms, so you shouldn't get too lost. Great detail is given to Voudon cosmology, including various Loa. There is also a bit of detail concerning the Bata'a's cultic organization, Voudon foci and symbolism, and the Bata'a's ongoing war with the Followers of Set. Sample rotes, Wonders and information on Zombis as Companions is included, and can easily be adapted for revised. The sample character, "Damballah's Daughter" is pretty cool, but not terribly original. The next group, the "Sons of Knowledge" didn't particularly interest me. They are a group of alchemists formerly members of the Solificati, the "outcast" Tradition. This section goes into Mage history and metaplot, as well as giving a brief overview of alchemy, some alchemical foci and symbolism, sample rotes, Wonders and homunculi. Following this was a section on the Hem ka Sobk, an obscure Egyptian cult following the crocodile god Sobk. Unable to access certain Spheres, and united by a divine purpose, they stand alone in the world (although they do maintain some connections with the Ahl-i-Batin, Mummies and even Mokole). Of all groups, they are the most original, and most intended for ST use. Their section gives alot of detail on Egyptian thoughts on magic and such. Another chapter covers the Kopa Loei, a Hawai'ian Craft made up of Ali'i (chieftens), Kahunas (priests and shamans) and enlightened adventurers, fishermen and explorers. Deeply connected to the land of Hawai'i, even maintaining relations with the Rokea (were-sharks) and Menhune (Hawai'ian fae), the Kopa Loei continue to carry a strong connection to the Gods themselves.There is a Hawai'ian glossary so you won't get lost in the front. Lots of details are given on Hawai'i's troubled history and continued exploitation by Haole, along with details on historical Hawai'ian society, common foci for all castes, descriptions of the Gods, sample rotes (pretty cool ones too), some Wonders and notes on animal Companions. The sample character, a reformed thug, is pretty decent, but not too surprising. The Sisters of Hippolyta, modern amazons devoted to healing, were nothing too original. The section focused on their communal organization and matriarchal pagan magics. Some sample rotes, Wonders and animal companions are given, but nothing too new or interesting. They are followed, ironically, by the Knights Templar. YES! Another secret society for the World of Darkness. Exploring Christian mysticism, secret societies and modern day knights, this was a very unique chapter. The sample rotes are pretty martially oriented, as are the Wonders and animal companions. Neat chapter overall. The next two chapters focus on warring Chinese Crafts. The first, the Wu-keng, are all-male transvestite shamans and peasant wizards who fell to infernalism long ago. Now, unknowingly led by demons, these "Subtle Ladies" practice their dark (but subtle) magics against their rivals the Wu Lung, imperial wizards of China. These proud wizards, almost akin to Chinese hermetics, draw on elaborate rituals, alchemy, ancestor worship and so forth. Unfortunately, like alot of other ancient Chinese customs, they have been displaced from modern Maoist China. Both sections are particularly unique, although I like the irony presented by the Wu-Keng myself, as they don't even realize they now serve demons. Probably the best written infernalist in Mage. The one thing to remember if you use this book in Mage is that the revised setting has changed quite a bit. The Technocracy has eliminated most of the Crafts. The Children of Knowledge were forced to join the Order of Hermes as House Solificati. The Wu Lung threw their lot in with the Akashics to preserve China's culture. Many, though not all, of the Knights Templar joined their brothers in faith, the Celestial Chorus. The Hem Ka Sobk were corrupted by unknown forces. And the Bata'a and Kopa Loei joined with the shamans of the Dreamspeakers. Over all, however, this book does an excellent job of providing organization and philosophy for these groups. Plus, some groups (like the Knights Templar, Hem Ka Sobk and Sisters of Hippolyta) can proove useful for Mummy (or other Mid-Eastern centered) games. I recommend this book, but only if you intend to focus heavily on one of the groups or beliefs in this book.     