 Having covered Native American, Arabian, Scandinavian and African myths, legends and stories, Pantheon turned their attentions to the Arctic circle and produced this wonderful little gem. In this book, the tales of the Siberian Yukaghir and Chuckchi, Ainu (caucasian natives of Japan) and Native Americans of Alaska and Canada are covered. There are lots of stories from the Inuit, Aleut and other such Nations in particular. As with the other Pantheon books, the chapters are divided into major themes including Village Life, How Things Became the Way They Are, Culture Heroes/Tricksters, Shamanism, Animal People, Monsters and Spirit, Hunting Stroies and Marriages Between People and Spirits. The Culture Hero/Trickster section in particular is enjoyable as it covers the Smart Beaver Cycle of the Tagish, the Glooskap tales of the Micmac and the Wenebojo Cycle of the Chippewa, but all the stories are wonderful. Readers will become aware of the deep cultural heritage of the Native peoples of the far north as they go through the book, seeing the many major connections (like Big Dreaming, Shamanism and so forth) as well as cultural differences which made each Nation unique, with their own beliefs and customs as rich and varied as those of Europe. In addition, many of these stories, such as those of the Ainu, are so obscure that its not likely that you will find them elsewhere. Two maps, one of the Arctic region of North America, and the other of the Sub-Arctic region of North America, round out the book. I found it to be an excellent book and one of the few of it's kind readily available. My only complaint would be that nothing of the Saami (Lapps) was presented, and there were only a few tales from Siberia. Still, those are but minor issues considering how wonderful this book is regardless. Those with an interest in Native American (or general indigenous) culture, Shamanism and just mythology and religion in general should certainly look at this book. Its out of print now, but its still worth looking for if you can find it.     