 Arthur Waley does a superb job covering the role of the wu, or shaman, in ancient China. Similar to the traditional shaman of Siberia, Central Asia and the Arctic, the wu enters into a trance state in performing ceremonies. However, unlike his northern counterparts, the Chinese shaman enters into a fleeting love relationship with the God (or Goddess). Although references to shaman abound in China, actual descriptions of the practice and beliefs of the wu are rare. Waley takes what is known about them, comparing it occaisonally to other Asian beliefs, and makes a wonderful introduction to Chinese shamanism. He then goes on to translate and analyze all nine of the songs in Ch'u Yuan's Nine Songs. Each of these songs is dedicated to a particular deity or spirit, such as T'ai I, Hsiang-chuan, Ta Ssu-ming, Ho-po and the Shan-kuei. In each song, he interperts the meaning, as well as giving a general description of the deity or spirit in question, and even analyzing the meaning of the name. This book is fairly short (there is little material on shaman practices in ancient China, and each of the Nine Songs is fairly short), but it is quite a good book to read nonethelesss, particularly with so little about Chinese shamanism in English. Indeed, this book may be the only English translation of the Nine Songs, as far as I am aware. Waley closes out the book with three appendices, one on the expansion of the kingdom of Ch'u (where the book is believed to have originated), one on commentaries on the book and another on Japanese scholar Aoki Masaru's interpetation of the book. Ultimately, this book is essential reading for anyone interested in East Asian shamanism, but it can be appreciated by anyone with an interest in shamanism or ancient culture. The only comment I would make is that I am not entirely sure about the transliteration of Chinese words. The systems used may be slightly off or outdated, though I'm sure many of those interested in this book probably already have at least some understanding of Chinese linguistics so that shouldn't be too much of an issue. If not, then don't let that deter you though. It is a wonderful book to read, whether for an understanding of shamanism or for appreciating as poetry.     