 This book covers the wandering Silent Strider Tribe, exiled from Egypt by Sutekh's curse. The book jumps right away into the Tribe's history, starting along the Nile and the steppes of Central Asia. Alot of information is given on Egypt, the battle between Sutekh and Osiris, and the Tribe's eventual curse and exile. Mention of important historical events is made, such as the rise of Christianity and Islam, the Crusades, the Ottoman Empire, the Gulf War, construction of the Aswan Dam and so forth, as the Tribe spread through the Middle East, Africa and India seeking a new home. Theres also a lot of metaplot stuff (Beast Courts of Asia, Black Tooth, the Ahadi, the Red Star and Ravanna's awakening) and even sensitive political issues affecting the Striders (Islamic fundamentalism, the Intifada, 11-9, genocide against the Rroma, etc). Chapter two covers the beliefs and practices of the Striders, including views on the Litany, Auspice roles, stereotypes of other Tribes and Fera (their relationships with the Bastet, Mokole, Mummies and Setites are all quite interesting) and so forth. Stuff on breeds and kinfolk is discussed, such as their human kin (ranging from Bedouin and Tuareg nomads, Ethiopians, Rroma, Jews, nomadic Native American Nations and so forth) and wolf kin (the wolves of Ethiopia, Central Asia and even the plains of North America). In addition, theres mention of all the Camps, including a new look at the Daggers of the Night (vampire killers) and the Eaters of the Dead. Then theres a look at Strider lands, not just Egypt and the Middle East, but also the Garou caste system in India, the Ahadi of Africa and much more. Plus a nice sidebar on vampire hunting. The following chapter covers all manner of crunchy stuff, like fleshing out Backgrounds, appearence and Egyptian names, new Gifts, Rites, Fetishes and Talens, Totems like Crocodile and Scarab, Camp specific goodies and even a new Merit and a new Flaw. Some of this stuff comes from the old Tribe Book, but lots of new stuff is presented as well. The book then closes out with the five pre-generator characters (stuff like "the vampire hunter" and "child of Anubis"), plus some characters of note such as Wepauwet, Vik Stryker (who fell in battle with a Setite cult but went out in a blaze of glory), Black Shuck (very cool character), Walks-with-Might and the signature character Memphi Faster-Than-Death. Nothing too new or surprising here, but still cool. Ultimately I found this an enjoyable book. The IC stuff I've found to be a little more useful than the crunchy bits thus far, but it still is a wonderful resource for Werewolf games. Its especially nice if you're using Rage Across Egypt, playing the Ahadi, running a Mummy crossover or have an interest in the Middle East, Egypt, Africa and/or India in the World of Darkness setting. Check it out.     