 This collection of readings by Joseph Campbell give a wonderful overview of the mythical traditions of the "east" (as opposed to those of the occidental "west). By Campbell's definition, the line (which is pretty blurry) is drawn around the Indus. Hence, this collection focuses on the Indian traditions of Hinduism and Buddhism, as well as the creative traditions of the far east. In the first tape "Oriental Mythology", he explores this, showing a tradition where man himself is the great mystery, where there is no tradition of the "originl sin" or of an exile from the divine. These traditions are very different from those of the west (Judaism, Christianity and Islam), so it is very nice that Campbell starts off by explaining the framework for Asian society. Following this is an exploration of the "Mystic Traditions of India", wherein Campbell explores yoga, the caste system and the concept of nirvana, setting a framework for explorations of both Hinduism and Buddhism (both of which grew out of indigenous Indian traditions). The next tapes explore Hinduism and Buddhism respectively. Although I would say that Hinduism is such a broad, contradictory reigion (or rather collection of several different religions all under a common umbrela) that a single tape is a risky adventure at best, this is still a wonderful tape anyway. Especially with the exploration of yogis and left-handed mysticism. The exploration of Buddhism is also wonderful, including a description of the Buddhas life. Listening to these two tapes, it becomes very appearent that Campbell had a deep respect and interest in Hindu and Buddhist beliefs. His final tape wraps everything up with a wonderful exploration of how ideas and beliefs have bled over into Asian culture and lifestyles. He focuses on belief systems as diverse as Taoism, Zen and Hinduism. Ultimately he sums up the mystical experience within Oriental beliefs in general. This is a wonderful collection of tapes and a superb item for anyone interested in mythology, religion or philosophy.     