 In the spirit of Kindred of the East, this book is an add on for existing World of Darkness games. You need another core book (preferabley Vampire, Mage or Wraith for cross over use, but any of the games work), but fear not, because this has allowed the writers to add a whole bunch of juicer information into the pages. Essentially, this game allows you to take on the role of a Mummy, just as the previous World of Darkness games put you in the role of other monsters. But these aren't the bandaged wrapped monsters of the cinema. Rather, they are more an amalgam of Boris Karlof's immortal mystic from the original Mummy and Egyptian mythological beings. These Mummies are immortal heros, blessed by Osiris and given the task of restoring balance to the world. As such, this is a much more hopeful tone when compared to, say, Vampire or Wraith, but that only makes the game that much more challenging. Mummies are made of a combination of a flawed mortal and an ancient Egyptian soul, so they are both modern and ancient at the same time. And they are also considerably less powerful than their ancient age would make you think. Therefore, these Mummies are not as unbalancing in cross overs as they might seem. Indeed, even the immortality thing isn't as big an advantage, because it does take considerable time to come back, plus Mummies do not have supernatural endurance on par with some of the other denizens of the World of Darkness. The book is pretty straight forward. Mummies and their role in the World of Darkness (along with some great tips and ideas for better running Mummy games) are all described in great detail, including Osiris, Anubis, Ma'at, the Judges and various Cults of Life such as the followers of Isis and Osiris. There is a lot of usage of Egyptian and even Arabic words, but these only serve to add to the flavor and shouldn't confuse the reader overly much. Theres even a glossary of the major terms used, and some brief descriptions of Egyptian Gods and Goddesses. Plus theres the recommended reading, viewing and listening which give you some more points of reference for incorporating mummies, ancient Egypt and Middle Eastern culture into your games. And many of these sources can be found on Amazon.com, conveniently enough. Like other denizens of the World of Darkness, the Mummies are divided into different splats, in this case based off aspects of the Egyptian soul (plus another one for "unaffiliated" mummies). Each of these splats are given full page write ups, which helps players get a handle on what motivates their characters. Each splat also specializes in a specific Hekau, ancient magics of Egypt such as alchemy or making ushabtis. These are given ratings from one to five, and work kind of like Vampire Disciplines or Mage Spheres, so players should grasp these pretty quickly. Furthermore, although Mummies only get a few new abilities, differing from those presented in the core book, Mummies also have a wealth of new backgrounds to help flesh them out, such as Ba, Ka and Companion, and even a handful of new merits and flaws. As the first book in the "Year of the Scarab" series, Mummy also details the core setting for the game, Egypt and the lands of the Middle East, Africa and the Mediterranean. The histories of Egypt and Saudi Arabia are given, along with an extensive write up of Egypt's geography, from Luxor to Sinai. There are also some description Persia (Iran), Iraq, Kuwait, Kuwait, Israel and the Palestinean Territories, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Greece. Also, the Lands of the Dead (and beyond) are described, mainly from an Egyptian point of view, but fans of Wraith should be pleased. The back of the book is also loaded with lots of juicy stuff for STs. Not only are there detailed notes for adding Mummies into a game, but there are also some other nasties, both for Mummy only games and for cross-overs. Corrupt "bane mummies", cannibalistic Egyptian cults, undead monsters and other servants of Aphosis and corruption are unique foes specifically for Mummies. Other supernaturals, such as the local Vampires (Assamites and Followers of Set), the walking dead, Wizards such as the Arabian Ahl-i-Batin and Persian Taftani, ghosts and other spirits, Djinn, shapeshifters (not only werewolves, but also werecrocodiles, werecats and even wereserpents) and monster hunters are all given, either as allies or antagonists, along with stats for various mortal animals native to the mid-east, like scorpions and camels. And then there are also other Mummies as well. Ancient Mummies who lived since the dyas of Egypt, non-Egyptian Mummies (created from Greek translations of the Egyptian ritual), Incan Mummies from the mountains of South America and immortal Taoist sages from China are all presented, with just enough for you to play them or incorporate them into your games. All in all, this is an extremely useful book for STs and Players alike, whether you intend to run an all Mummy game or run a cross over game. Or even if you just want to add a Mummy or two into your game as NPCs. Even without Mummies, there is a wealth of information about Middle Eastern culture and settings provided in this book, with a specific emphasis on Egypt. If you run a Vampire game with lots of Assamites, or a Mage game focusing on Hermetic lore from ancient Egypt, you might find this game extremely useful, even without Mummies.     