 I was a bit skeptical when I read the previous reviews for "Eliminate on Command." I wasn't sure if these folks were "for real" or just joking about the book. Before I could read the book the evening of the day I received it, my hubby grabbed it and read it through in one sitting. I thought, "Fine, I'll read it tomorrow." He immediately began the training process, which is used on the dog's everyday, normal walks, and my hubby explained to me what we must do with an agreed upon "command" or "trigger word" for our precious Yorky's elimination. I followed through with the same command. Since she already understood the word "potty," we selected "potty-go," which fit into the category of a two or three syllable command. "...[T]he entire training time needed to accomplish your goal is less than five minutes during the entire week," (p. 9). After only four days (while I read the book!), Abigail obeyed my hubby's command by immediately squatting and doing her business! I was stunned at the rapidity of the learning process/conditioning. PPC ("Piddle and Poop on Command," or "Positive Potty Control"), works well for a dog of 6 weeks or above. However, there are a few things which must be remembered. The command and praise must be used while the dog is eliminating, and this should be done for about 7 days--the command or trigger word being used approximately 50 to 75 times. But after the dog obeys the trigger word, the command should be used a few times each week only. Dr. Smith emphasizes that one should not over-use the command once the dog is trained. Dr. Marjorie Smith says that "...PPC alone cannot housebreak your puppy, but it can help you enormously in your house-breaking efforts and greatly speed the development of reliable housebreaking patterns" (p. 23). Her book includes delightful illustrations of dogs in different training positions, and the dedication with a beautiful illustration on page 12 in memory of her three dogs is very touching. This lady truly knows her business, and I'd love to learn more about other training needs from her vast experience with animal behavior.     