 Regenry Press, the clearing house of rightwing propaganda, just published another marvelous piece of reeking horse excrement for the members of the cult of conservativism. Back in the day, propaganda like this used to be in the form of pamphlets dropped from planes but given the weight of this tome, that could cause injuries. If you want save a few bucks, you might hold off a few weeks on your purchase 'till this book shows up for $0.10 on Newsmax.   This time Regnery's got their sights set on "activist judges"(tm)*. This is a timely title, its release seemingly geared to bolster the case for the (radical, hypocritical, despicable, democracy-as-we-know-it-destroy'n, unethical power grab) "nuclear option" during the "God-given" (term used in GOP talking points memo to describe the...) "culture of life,"(tm)* Schiavo case controversy.  Like most reeking Regnery garbage, this is a paint by the numbers political "UFO book", oh so appropriately named, "Men in Black".  I call these "UFO books" because they use the same schtick book authors used back in the '70's in titles like "Chariot of the Gods" to "prove" that UFOs exist. However, rather than making the case for the existance of UFOs author, Levin - another in the seemingly endless parade of conservative AM radio hate-jocks, uses the same lame argumentation tactics as the UFO authors to "prove" American courts are besieged with tyranical "activist judges"(tm)*  Authors of UFO books used the tried-n-true method of "cherry picking" a UFO incident(s), and then spinnin' it like a tornado to give those who "want to believe", and therefore none too inclined tp think critically, "irrefutable proof" that the men (in black) from mars have landed on earth!  Similarly, most of these Regnery ditties incorporate the same techniques. Court cases are "cherry picked" - and at extremely high RPM, spun, spun, and spun s'more to provide "conclusive proof" to conservative Koolaide drinkers that our courts are "out of control". (i.e. they don't always walk lockstep with the Bush administration policies...)   Like UFO books, most of us shake our heads wondering how anyone could possibly buy into this stuff. But buy into it many do. Guess when you're predisposed to the author's argument in the first place - and you "want" to believe, critical thinking goes right out the window. Some folks see UFOs at night that are really weather balloons in the sky; some folks see "activist judges"*(tm) on the bench, who are really doing their jobs rendering (sometimes unpopular) decisions in accordance with our constitution. Same difference.  As an added bonus, conservative brownshirts will love the foreward by that noted constitutional legal scholar, Rush Limbaugh. (rolls eyes...) Curiously absent from these discussions, I might add, is the controversial decision by the Supreme Court that got W into the Whitehouse in 2000. In this regard I agree with the author that the Supreme Court DID, in fact, destroy America with this particular disasterous decision.      *("culture of life" and "activist judges" are a registered trademarks of Karl Rove, all rights reserved. No one can use these trademarked catch-phrases without the expressed written consent of the GOP.)           