 ...from your own films, Mad Max, Blade Runner, and every crappy Corman "post-apocalypse" film from the 80's, and expect to make a successful film. And make it 2-1/2 stars, which Amazon won't allow. Now to the review...  Yes, it's nice to see Romero get to cash-in on the subgenre of horror films he created with his 1969 classic, Night of the Living Dead, but this film reminded me of the first Star Trek movie. Bigger scope, better production values, but... well, a little boring and the essence of the series lost.  A big mistake in this regard is casting Dennis Hooper as the evil, greedy, corporate-type cliche of a villian. That sort of thing is for "big hollywood". I don't want to point to the screen and say, "Look it's Dennis Hooper being eaten by zombies! Kewl." What's his character's name again? I forget, because it's Dennis Hooper. Dennis Hooper does NOT belong being cast in an indie Romero zombie flick. Same applies to the Tom Savani cameo... Put him behind the make-up chair, or let him sit out.   The other films - including the vastly underrated "Day of the Dead", are character-driven. They're like soap operas - or "little morality plays" performed in a setting that's truly the stuff of nightmares. To focus on the setting and the props (Dead Reckoning) would be like Sergio Leone focusing on the horses, and the beautiful mountainous (heh) "Western" lanscape, and give short-shift to the elelments that made his other westerns so compelling, like story and characters.   That said, this isn't a "terrible" film. It's watchable, and Romero did a fantastic job putting every dime he had on the screen - this isn't a 100+ million summer CGI epic by any stretch, but sadly, there's no "I'm coming to get you Martha" moments. That is to say, this film is quite forgetable, while the three that preceded - including Day of the Dead, are not. Each of Romero's previous three zombie films had scenes that are etched into your memory even if you've only seen them once, and they all make you want to see them again. Land falls well short of these in that regard, and is merely a two-hour time-waster like most other films, horror and otherwise.  What I would really like to see, is Romero go back to Pittsburgh with $150,000, a crew of six or so semi-professionals, a few thousand feet of Tri-X reveral stock, an Arri 16mm film camera with some Zeiss prime lenses, some flood lights, a handful of local actors, a few buckets full of animal organs from the nearby butcher shop - and, of course, a compelling concept articulated masterfully on a self-penned screenplay like he did in 1969 and throughout the 70's.     The catalyst of Romero's creativity has always been the constraints that were imposed on him as a genre filmmaker. Giving filmmakers like Romero a reasonable budget only seems to squelch their creativity, leaving only their craftsmanship. And that's Land of the Dead - a well-crafted rehash of cannabolized concepts.       