 Let's be honest here. The Republican party has drifted so far from its principles as to be completely unrecongizable.  Its foreign policy has been hijacked by neoconservatives, a radical ideology whose roots were in the democratic party until they defected under Nixon.  Neoconservativism is best left in the realm of "think tanks" and universities. It's an expensive and hopelessly naive pipe dream. We will be in Iraq as far as the eye can see, it will cost 50 to 100 billion per year for the next 5, 10, 15 years. Hundreds of US Soldier's lives will be lost each year we're there. The foolish pipe dream of the neocons is an American empire and the imposition of democracy by force.     The "Social Fundamentalists" - as Whitman kindly refers to them, are the followers of nutcase radicals like Robertson, Dobson, and Fawell whose ultimate goal is American theocracy. They are actually haters of democracy - a system which necessitates cooperation and tolerance of opposing points of view to work. They truly seek the erradication of democracy, as they believe they are on a "mission from God".      And what ever did happen to the concepts like "fiscal conservativism"?  How 'bout states rights and a small federal government?  It has to be a laughable embarrassment to true Republicans. Government has never been bigger, and we have never been deeper in debt. Elect a republican, expect fiscal malfeasance, corruption, and huge debts. As the late 90's proved, the economy flies like an eagle when it's unburdend with enormous federal deficits.  Put this all together and what do you have? A large militaristic, corrupt, imperialistic government that spends recklessly, racking up huge deficits, where issues like a woman's reproductive rights are being set by social fundies. A government that aggressively wishes to erradicate the meager saftey nets created by FDR's new deal. A goverment whose agenda is moving aggressively toward unbridled capitalism at the expense of the environment and individual protection.    Not a good scenario, but it's exactly where we're at.  The beef I have with Whitman, who is a brilliant woman, is that she knows exactly what's going on with her party and the adverse effect it will have on this nation. With the democrats nearly powerless, change must occur within the Republican party itself. It's truly up to the moderates to push back, for the sake of the nation, and reclaim the party from the radicals who have hijacked it.  Instead, what do Republican moderates do? Roll over, bend over, fall in line, withdraw, shake their heads - tsk, tsk, write books. What a sickening display. Whitman lacked the courage, even, to release her book before the election.  Although I respect Whitman, I detest her and other Republican moderates for their utter cowardice, and for putting party ahead of country, which is unconscionable given that the Republican party has clearly mutated into a malignancy .             