 Wow. Just, wow. Finally, a decent black and white print. In fact, it's not only decent, it's stunning. It's not only stunning, it will last 100 years like a traditional photo. Let me tell you how.  If you're into digital photography, eventually you will wander into black and white print territory. You will discover what we all do, that the latest/greatest printer that you bought makes absolutely horrid black and white prints. Stands to reason, you have all color cartridges. Trying to make clean grays, free of nasty color casts, out of cyan, magenta, yellow and black is all but impossible. Forget about it.   You jump on-line to do some homework. You learn making B&W prints is expensive and involved. You need Photoshop. You need expensive "RIP" software that's specific for your printer.  Enter a company called MIS Inks.  They make black and white ink cartridges that replace the C,Y,M,K for this printer, the C82, abd C84 Epson Stylus printers.  Simply replace the color Durabrites with these cartridges when you want a black and white print. (It's recommended you print a page of something colorful, like a graph to clear the printheads of the color inks. Google "MIS Inks" for the link for these inks.  Look for their "EZ Black and White" line.  Read up, as you need different cartridges depeding on your printer, and different blacks for glossy or matte paper.) Out pops an absolutely stunning black and white print.   The C86 is also one of the best text printers.  As far as some of the issues others are having, can't say this has been my experience.  I haven't had it long but it's thus far never clogged and paper never jams.    I now have two printers, both Epsons.  The R200 is for six color photos made with dye-based inks, direct printing on CDs, and color text/graphics printing. The C86 is for making black and white photos, and straight black text printer. Not including inks, the price paid for all this capability (both printers)? About $150. Needless to say, I'm in the Epson camp.       