 I remember the first time this one showed up on UHF TV as a kid... one of those slow weeks, waiting in anticipation for a new, fresh, never before seen or heard of G flick. Air time - 2:00 PM on a Saturday, 197X - right after 'rasslin on channel 110 UHF.   Then...  Whoa! WTF is this! The first thing that struck me was, where's the thunderous, "DUNNNNNN, dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, d-d-d-dun" G theme?  Instead, there's this strange score, like out of a trippy western, that didn't work at all.  I hated the G-costume (though worse were yet to come...) and cringed when G took to the air in that infamous scene.  What's with these animations? "Save the Earth..." ahhhh! My ears! My ears! Make them stop! What's those round things that G's ripping out of the monster? Eggs? Vital sludge organs? And why does it kill him? Dunno.  Why does G's ray blast power the weapon that kills the smog monster at the end, instead of melt it (the weapon) like it does everything else? And, how does G - as a giant radioactive mutated tyranosaurus, even know how to do this?   Boy, japanese hippies sure look weird. It was also jarring to see G get his [...] kicked so badly... third degree burns to the face, had an eye put out, and that high-pithced roar in one scene as it writhes around in pain in the sludge. This boy was in a scrape. But I tuned in to see G kick some [...] against some kaiju jobber - like Mothera or "the sea monster".  Is he past his prime?  Time to retire?   On the plus side... the sludge monster was pretty cool in its various forms. Something different that the traditional overgrown _____________ (fill in the blank). Neat how it inhales fumes from a factory smoke stack. Thumbs up on the kaiju-adversary side.   I turned off my TV at the end, shook my head, and thought I'll just have to watch US-made sci-fi. NOT! US scifi? Talk, talk talk...blah, blah blah. No giant lazer ray spewing monsters.  No cool toy arplanes hanging from wires - or miniture cities being demolished, (or classy, exotic, and sexy as all hell japanese babes).    In the subsequent months between repeat airings (UHF station 110 had about nine movies in total in its library - six of which were japanese sci-fi flicks, God bless'em.) I found myself humming "Save the Earth".  I was drawing pics of that goofy smog monster in my 6th grade note book, and the little plastic tyranosaurus - that doubled as G, usually, "took to the air" to get from Tokyo to smash Osaka. So, two months later when Godzilla vs the Smog monster aired again, did I tune in? You betchya. Twenty years later am I ordering the DVD?  (...for my son, of course) You betchya.   This film is like sushi.  The first time you try it, it's a wtf experience.  A few weeks later, you're jones'n for a sushi fix and have graduated to uni. Viva la smog monster! ... and while you're up, my saki needs topping off.  Thanks!                 