 The difference between then and now in these films can be summed up in one word..."writing".  The originators of this soap opera featuring a giant lizard (what else can you call it after 50 years and 30-40 films?) simply wrote better stories, and too often in the 90's and 2000 series, classic set-pieces from the 60's films are just re-worked into a different story and setting. This one uses the final epic battle from 1965's Godzilla vs Mothera as its basis. Been there, done that - literally (like 50X). No surprises here.    Also, the modern (2000 to 2005) G era simply featured Mothra and Mechagodzilla in too many films. Fans, young and old, of the series were almost begging to include a new or updated favorite Kaiju.   On the plus side, this film had some of the best effects work in the series - the japanese are really improving their CGI skills, so watch out ILM. And it had some truly excellent miniture city sets. The cityhall building was beautifully made, and I literally, hated seeing the monsters demolish it. Grown Mothra, thanks to some very good CGI, is actually somewhat believable. Larva Mothra looks about the same as it did in the 60s... ridiculous and at the same time very cool. Since it's a machine, Mecha-G was always among the more realistic Kaiju but they're bulking him up with so much weapontry in the latest iteration it is basically imobile and a bit silly looking.   The plot is really nicely handled.  I never got bored, and actually enjoyed the non-monster scenes, which is a problem in many of these films, and also something Honda and his editors handled better than their modern counterparts.  The music is understated and appropriate - certainly among the better non-Ifukube scores since Godzilla vs. The Sea Monster. Though there's no memorable melodies, it's subtle, supports the story nicely, and is actually refreshing change of pace over the bombastic well-worn traditional themes.   This is one of the better executed modern G flicks all in all but it borrows too much from earlier films and essentially is a rehash. One tires of Toho using the same few monsters in their stable over and over again. And, the same themes, plot elements, and even set-pieces are just given face-lifts.  The latest films in the series, like this one, have been executed just fine. But this series needs some new creative blood, badly. This issue of Toho's "Godzilla Projects" doesn't lie in their execution.  It's in the concept phase.              