 Cosina is a "behind the scenes" Japanese manufacturer of many cameras and lenses, and have made cameras for many branded as high-end and entry level models for decades. If you purchases an SLR, or if you've amassed a collection 3rd party lenses, good chance you have something made by Cosina but didn't know it.   Cosina has been making this camera for Vivitar for the past 15 years that I know of. I know because I purchased this camera's ancestor - pretty much the exact same camera and same lens, 15 years ago around 1990 for around $100 on sale at K-Mart.  I have a digital point and shoot, and I like it. But, I still like film, and there's something to be said for a manual camera, which this is. And, right now there's a TON of high quality used glass in the Pentax K mount that can be had for a song on eBay.  What I like about this camera over digital: 1. produces better images than a point and shoot, and about as good as a $1000 DSLR for less than the cost of the lowest end digital point and shoot; 2. Mine has lasted about 15 years, still going strong. 3. Doesn't need batteries to operate (well the meter does, common watch 1.5's you can get anywhere. They last for years.), 4. doesn't require a computer, photoprinter, or software. I just drop my film off at the local lab, and they're ready in an hour... doubles for about $9.50. No computer required. Give the extra set to whomever, no sitting in front of a PC futzing with images in Photoshop, running out of expensive inks.  Been there, done that. Let the "real" photoshop take care of all that.   This camera comes complete with a VERY fast, high-quality 1.7 50mm lens. I got spoiled with this excellent lens because it's about as sharp and as fast a lens as you're likely to find.   So, come join we Luddites who prefer "real" photography with "real" cameras - no EVFs that go dark, no LCDs that wash out, no batteries, SD cards, etc. Let the others have their infernal digital contraptions. Me? I just think manual cameras are TONS more fun, take better pictures, are cheaper, simpler, last longer, require you to think, and require a measure of photographic skill. I also like collecting all those lenses I couldn't afford over the years used now on eBay... also fun.  Will those $600 digicams (that can't shoot beyond iso 200) be around in 2020, like my camera?  Think about it.      