 ... all set to buy a Canon that cost $100 more than this, when I noticed it on a table at the retailer marked "customer return/clearance" at 1/2 price. I looked under the hood of the demo model... What?!!  6 (six) count'em individual ink tanks. That's a good thing. A very good thing. Most printers I've seen in the sub 100 price range have two ink tanks - 1 for black and one containing yellow, magneta, cyan. Or, only four ink tanks. Last time I was in the market for a printer, only the $300 models boasted six individual color tanks. Six tanks means that you can replace the individual inks as they run out - much more economical. Just as important, more colors means that subtle gradients in shading are handled more accurately. Just my opinion, but I don't think that you can call yourself a true photo-quality printer w/o six ink colors.  Now for the negatives... there are none for the printer but some for folks who review them...  1. Yes, you'll need a USB cable. Get over it. 2. Yes, you'll eventually need to clean the nozzle which uses ink. Again, get over it. 3. Yes, your printer is calibrated for its make of photo paper. El-cheapo paper = sucky print. Again, get over it.  4. Yes, photo quality prints use quite a bit of ink for coverage. It's a consumable and quality ink is expensive to produce - get over it. 5. It takes a couple minutes to produce a print. Here's your option, spend a couple hundred more for a faster printer or learn a little patience. 6. Sometimes you buy stuff, take it home, and it's DOA. That's why there's a manufacturer's warranty and a store return policy.   I read printer reviews and almost feel badly for the manufacturers. Here - by the nth generation of home printer, you can get what amounts to a home photo lab for less that 100 bucks. Fact of the matter is, you really can't go wrong with any of them. They all make terrific prints and do a decent job with text and graphics. Remarkable. Yey "Professional" reviewers beat them up over slight differences in print speed. "Users" vetch about there not being a USB cord. Huh? The only brand I would avoid is Lexmark. Fine printers but they charge $10 less than their competitor but absolutely gouge you on ink - by design, and it amounts to robbery.   Prints from this thing are true photo lab quality. Easy set up, and it includes good software that I actually bothered to load - including a PIM color management Photoshop plug in.   If you've read reviews of Epson's clogging by the way, don't be concerned. Those are the "stylus" models that use Durabrite inks, "the stylus photo" line, like this one, doesn't use Durabrite.  Oh, and this has a gadget that prints labels directly on CD-Rs. Nice. But buy this for its six individual ink tanks. Truth is though, the "entry level" Canons, Epsons, HP's, are all pretty amazing.      