 This powerful non-graphing calculator has over 300 functions, a two line display, and you pretty much enter algebraic expressions as they're written (just be careful to use parenthesis and order of operations).  An overlooked feature is its dual power mode. If there's enough room light it runs off solar power, preserving batteries. No worries of the juice going during your final. (I'll take this feature this over extraneous, additional, functions of that new Sharp calculator.)  This calc has MORE than enough in terms of functions, power, and various equasion, complex number, and statistical modes. In terms of pure number crunching power, this calculator blows everything else away in its price range, except perhaps the latest Sharp. A co-worker who has a Master's in math took a look at this and told me it's all the calculator you need, all the way up through graduate school.  Just note that this is NOT a symbolic algebra calculator - that is, it will attempt to solve for (multiple) variables, as in X=2.453. However it won't expand, group, or simplify algebraic expressions. Don't expect to enter (a+b)^2 and get a^2+2AB+b^2 back, or vice versa. For that, you'll need the much pricier TI-89 or TI-92 Plus, which has a symbolic algebra mode.   However, if you want the most bang for your buck, go with this over the lower-end TI's (imo) and others. Much more power for the same money, and this is very nicely designed.  Documentation is spartan but it'll get you there. Just have a magnifying glass handy or download the PDF file from Casio's site. The upside of having a small fold-out user guide is that you can always have it near your calculator. I keep mine rubberbanded to the calculator's case, so it goes where my calculator goes. (Having a 260 page book would negate the calculator's portability, wouldn't it?)  Some nice math instructor of few reviews down put together a great supplemental document for this calculator with some good examples. Highly recommended if you buy this calculator (and thank you).   Excellent product. Subtract a point for not having a more detailed downloadable user's guide with more examples on Casio's website. I can see not wanting to drive up the price by including a paperback book, but c'mon, Casio. It's 2006! We have the Internets and pdfs now!       