 ... both films ask the question, "what will be the final outcome of mankind?" Or - to phrase this in a more cliched way, "what is the meaning of life?" (Not "life" as individuals, rather life as a "force"). Borrowing from Fredrick Neitzche's only fiction, "Thus Spake Zarathustra", Kubrick, in the Starchild squences at the end of the film, speculates we will give birth to the "Superman", and evolve into gods of our own likeness to live through eternity.  Romero says, "...not s' fast, Plato" in his masterpiece (yes, critics and film snobs, this trilogy is an utter, inspired masterpiece! It's one of the most brilliant philosophical works in the history of the medium!) trilogy our ultimate fate is a descent into hell - literally to be devoured and replaced by the "anti-superman" (zombies) of our likeness. As the exact opposite of Neitzche's Superman-God, the zombies are made in our image but exist as a frail and pale replication of ourselves. The singular mission to exterminate us - the "clean and the good" being replaced with filth and rotting corpses - themselves, the zombies, the "anti-superman". (The zombies do not devour us to sustain themselves, as stated, emphatically, in the film. Their motive then? This is a "tell" or a clue from Romero that he's going after something bigger here.)  The catalyst of either our Neitchian divination - or Romeroian demise? In both cases it's that which distinguishes us from the birds and the beasts, what we now call "science".  Neitche would say that the leap from simple tool building and abandonment of religious explanations for natural phenomena is a significant step toward man as God-like (or God, depending on various interpritations) "superman" to exist in the fabled "heaven". Romereo would say our evolution with regard to science is, ironically, a move toward de-evolution and our nightmarish, "hellish" existance. (Space exploration, recall, is speculated in "Night" as the reason the Zombie curse upon us.) Both represent a human metamorphisis; "starchild" and "Zombie". Heaven or hell is represented in these films not as dual destinations based on individual human goodness, rather as alternative fates based on collective human goodness as a species.     Listen - with the intent to understand, the carefully crafted and delivered dialog of "Dr. Frankenstein", and also the Jamaican throughout the film. Notice the significance of the "Bub" character, and note who it is named after. Note the use of Ode to Joy.   There is a reason why this trilogy resonates through the decades, as does its opposite but correlatig vision, 2001.  It is not, in the case of Romero's trilogy, the visceral "thrill" of graphic canabalism.  It is because both films set out to answer deeper questions that are central to our existance.  What does this (life) mean; what is our fate?  Kubrick offers an optimistic vision in 2001.  We will evolve into the Starchild (Neizche's "supeman) and bear a new God!  Romero - perhaps even more effectively, counters with his somewhat less optimistic vision.  George, if you're out there, at least somebody gets it. And thanks you for it.                       