 A big knock on printing snapshots off your photo inkjet printer is an issue called permanence. See all those lovely photos of your family? They look terrific now, but unlike your film camera's photos processed the old-fashioned way with chemical processing, a photo inkjet printer's colors will likely shift and/or fade in a period of weeks, months, or a few years depending on your printer, the type of ink it uses, the quality of the paper you're using, and how where your photo is stored (in an album vs. hanging on a wall in a room with lots of sun).If you want (or care about) your photo injet prints to last, you have to purchase special inkjets that use pigment-based inks, rather than dye-based inks most use, to make an "archival" print - that is, a print that will last as long as a chemically processed photo.  Pigment-based inks do not produce as vibrant colors, generally speaking, as printers that use dye-based inks. Inkjets that use pigment-based inks - like some Epson models that use Durabrite inks, are known to have issues with clogging.Enter Kodak Ultima "Colorlife" photo paper.  This is a highly advanced photo paper that produces prints on any inkjet - including dye-based, that can last 100 years.  Let me repeat that.  Prints made with this paper last 100 years. Not five years like the ones you probably have now.  Kodak engineered a special process that no other photopaper has.  It encpsulates the dyes in such a way that they resist fading as long if not longer than chemically processed photos. So, you can get the same vibrant colors of dye-based inks, with permanence that matches the duller colors of pigment-based inks, using virtually any photo inkjet printer.  BRAVO KODAK! I have only printed a few photos using this paper.  They look terrific.  However, you ->must<- set you printer's color profiles to match this paper or your photos will look terrible. It takes 2 seconds to do this. Instructions for virtually every printer are provided, hardcopy, in each pack of photopaper, and are availible on-line on Kodak's site.   Or - you can download the free software from Kodak's site.Also, for some reason the 4X6 paper is about 1/4 inches longer than 6 inches.  I'm not sure why this is.  The first few photos left about 1/2 inches on the right side.  Not sure why but I'm sure there's a reason, and I'll figure it out.  Minor glitch, not to worry.This is the best photopaper on the market, and the ONLY photo-paper that solves the injet permanence issue. It's a tad more expensive than the others but well worth the extra few dollars.  I would like to enjoy the photos I've taken for years to come, not open up an album a decade or two from now to find faded, unintelligible images.I wouldn't even consider using any other photo paper until it can match Kodak's Ultima Colorlife's permanence.  It is the ONLY photo inkjet paper out there in my mind.        