 At a high level, the best thing about this film - which is true of all great films, is it just sucks you in. You'll sit and watch it from beginning to end, and never lose interest. It's a film I'm sure I'll see again at some point in the future.   Despite its well-worn premise - an H.G. Wells novel that's 107 years old, knowledge of the infamous radio broadcast, and the excellent 1953 film, Speilberg manages to squeeze some solid suspense from a well-worn plot. This film is pretty gripping, although you know the ending from the opening titles, which kind of gives it away. Modern effects help in this regard. No obvious models hung from wires, the many effects sequences are truly jaw-dropping.   All that said, it could have been better, and there are some curious flaws. Although there are some major effects set-pieces, the film never achieves the scope that this is a world-wide alien attack. In fact, I think the 1953 film, with its 1953 effects, did a better job in this regard. Curiously absent is a montage sequence that shows the alien devistation in other parts of the world to provide a sense of scope. All of the action takes place at arms-length of Cruise, which defeats a representation of the scale of the invasion. It all seems kind of localised because of this.   Also, I found the crowd sequences, especially in the beginning, somewhat unnatural in how subdued, relatively speaking, everyone reacts when the aliens first appear. Sure they run, and seem afraid, but c'mon man! Giant alien "tripods" are emerging from the earth and vaporizing scores of people! Chaos would ensue! People would be absolutely terrified! The crowd scenes just failed to capture the level of sheer terror and chaos I would imagine given the circumstance. The realism of the effects actually highlight this odd flaw. The crowd reaction doesn't match the realism of the effects sequences they are reacting to!  The film works best when Speilberg pulls away from the Cruise family and their squabbles, and puts on his documentary hat. In fact, this film is most effective when it's shot in a near-documentary style. I would like to have seen more of that, and quite a bit less of "the divorced father trying to do right by his kids" thing. The script goes overboard developing the domestic "human interest" aspects of the plot,  which is rather a trifle given that aliens are destroying the planet. The film belabors this aspect long after successful development of its characters has been achieved, all at the expense of the cinematic scope it sorta lacks.   Still, this is a very entertaining well-crafted film, well worth watching. There are ample flashes of brilliance, my favorite being Dakota Fanning 's reaction to the carnage in the river.  The film holds your interest, and is fairly suspenseful. There are, however, some curious flaws.               