 I - literally, just finished watching an old VHS of Yog. This film was made at the tail end of the golden age of kaiju when budgets were shrinking and gets dissed a lot from the fan boys for being a mismash and a little slower than previous Toho kaiju films of the era. However, this and Latitude Zero are my favorite non-G Toho giant monster flicks.  First off, the score by Ifukube is one of his very best. I can not watch this movie and just listen to the track. It's a little different, and I really like the Gezora (giant cuddlefish) theme. If you like Ifukube, who was a genius imo, the price of the DVD is worth it in and of itself for this seldom heard brilliant score.  The film itself is kinda a sideways sequel to Attack of the Mushroom people. Do note the "reunion" scene from Attack of the Mushroom People (aka Mantango) in the beginning of the film between the actors who played "Roy" and the millionaire in Attack of the Mushroom People.  Yog's methodical pacing and island location give this film a unique 50's american sci-fi feel to it, but there's ample monster action to keep things from sinking to the unwatchable levels of bordom of most of the US monster flicks from that era. Honda, of course, keeps things moving and interesting. He really was the best director of these films. Yog is a unique entry, and that's what I like about it.  Gezora by the way, is a totally surreal vision. Probably the least "realistic" of Toho's kaiju creations, but somehow haunting - like an abstract painting, as it awkwardly flops in slow motion crushing the village huts. The effects in this film are a little bit better than standard Toho, since things are decidedly less outlandish than most of the G films that preceded it. The optical work is quite good, as is the miniture work. Especially noteworthy, is the excellent rocket launch sequence in the very beginning of the film.  Just shows you how effective low-budget miniture work by the Japanese masters could be when given a "doable" task (a space craft lift-off, as opposed to the destruction of a city by giant monsters...) Another nicely handled sequence is the optical work in the underwater sequence between the divers and Gezora. This scene seemed to contain some barely detectable sohisticated traveling matte work. The crab and lobster costumes are of a different, unique design that look a cut above the average Toho monster suit.  Course, they always throw in a cringe inducing shot or two, like those ridiculously obvious dolls when Gezora picks up its victims. Did they do this on purpose?  Then again, that's one of the elements that keeps the Japanese monster movies from the 60's fun and interesting, isn't it?          