 Tragedy struck my household in the late 90's when I opened the case to this CD and found it missing. After a frenzied search behind the bookcase, under the sofa, inside the CD changer, in the clothes dryer (well, it takes all those socks!), I scurried online and found to my horror that the CD was out of print!!! Thankfully, there were used copies available - praise the Lord for Amazon!  The best tribute albums are usually for writers who don't perform well. Richard Thompson is a decent singer and an excellent guitarist, yet he had two successful tribute albums in the mid-90's. Beat the Retreat, while a fine introduction to Thompson's career, is more predictable. (Don't you know how Bonnie Raitt is going to do "When the Spell Is Broken" before you hear it?) The artists here are less mainstream, less popular (at least in America - some of them may be big in England but most of them I had never heard of), and they give interpretations of the songs, not just covers. So you get to hear some of the great songs of folk-rock, but done in unexpected ways.  The sound of the album is dark and subdued, almost murky.  Normally that would be a criticism, but it fits in well with Thompson's gloomy worldview. I hate to bore you with a song-by-song critique, but I think the album merits it:  "The Knife Edge" is a mundane orchestral arrangement that is a poor introduction to what's to come. But it's only a minute long.  "Pharaoh" - Great idea to back this with a tremolous accordion and throw in a bombarde (whatever that is, it sounds like an Arabian shawm - you know, snake charmer music.)  "How Will I Ever Be Simple Again" - Christine Collister nails the haunting melody, set against a bass drum and reverb that suggests a battlefield after war, with a plaintive harmonica.  "It Don't Cost Much" - Not my favorite Thompson, but Etzioni (who co-wrote it) has a nice gravelly voice which works well against exotic instrumentation (mandolin, harmonium, hurdy-gurdy)  "Down Where the Drunkards Roll" - This song is a bit mawkish, but the gossamer guitar-line sets it off well.  "Wheely Down" - I don't usually like spoken word vocals, but Ivor Cutler's gentle brogue complements some of Thompson's best poetry to create its own melodic structure.  "Reckless Kind" - not a big fan of Victoria Williams' voice, but this song is a good choice for her, undercutting her usual coyness.  "The End of the Rainbow" - Thompson at his darkest, almost literally grabbing the candy from the baby's crib. But how can you not love a song that begins, "I feel for you you little horror"?  "I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight" - One of many revelations, a re-interpretation that adds new meaning to the lyric. I always thought the Thompsons' "silver band" version was corny. Here Ron Kavana's husky, world-weary spokesong gives it a whole new dimension.  "Love Is Bad For Business" - one of the rockiner songs on this quiet CD, equivalent to Bob Mould's "Turning of the Tide" on Beat the Retreat.  "Dimming of the Day" - of the many versions of this, one of the world's  most beautiful love songs, this may be the best. Nothing against Bonnie Raitt, but her version is earthbound. This one soars.   "Waltzing's For Dreamers" - More schmaltz, but well done schmaltz, you can really feel the pub atmosphere.  "The World is a Wonderful Place" - uncredited and previously unreleased cut with the inimitable Linda T. on vocals. If you don't get Richard's sense of humor, you probably think this is the most unrelentingly depressing song in history.  If you do get his sense of humor, you realize that it is the most unrelentingly depressing song in history - but it's also a lot of fun, in a bizarre way. For a head trip, listen to this next to Louis Armstong doing "What a Wonderful World."  "Night Comes In" - The highlight of the album for me. I always thought the song was about a drunk guy. Now I realize it's about Sufi dancing. When I heard the line "I may find that street tomorrow" I always thought it was referring to a drunkard's delusion; now I see it's talking about hope and salvation. It starts with a hammer dulcimer, then the guitar duels with a danh tranh (Southeast Asian mandolin) and finally cranks into an idiosyncratic electric guitar rave-up as the frenzy builds to a dervish-like pitch. If anybody knows where I can get anything else by Full Moon Fair, let me know. If you don't hear this song pouring down like silver, get a hearing check.  "Sisters" - one of the few I don't like. The vocals just don't work. Jeez, what fun it must be to sit around THAT Thanksgiving table.  "For Shame of Doing Wrong" - I prefer the Evan Dando/Syd Straw version on Retreat, but this acoustic take has its own integrity.  "I Misunderstood" - One of the highlights of Rumour and Sigh, which had just recently been released when this came out, is given a nicely understated performance by Sally Barker.  "Galway to Graceland" - A capella 4-part harmony that sounds like it was recorded in a church.  Dig the minor modulation on the last note.  What a perfect way to end an almost-perfect CD. And what a terrific tribute to a transcendent career!  Richard Thompson is an international treasure.      