 Have you ever noticed how the seeds of this philosophic inquiry are sewn into the original?  Consider: the first act of Dorothy in Oz is a homicide. Sure, it's an accident, but she never even apologizes.  She then proceeds, abetted by the Witch of the North (Glinda in the movie) to steal a prized possession from off the corpse's still warm body. The excuse: the victim was "evil," and therefore two wrongs make a right. Ever since I re-screened the movie as an adult, Even before I read this book I started thinking about how put upon this green lady is and, not exactly rooted for her, but took just an iota of pity on her.  "Wicked" is the best American fantasy story since John Crowley's "Little, Big" from the early 80's.  You could argue that, if this story were not about a cultural icon (the Wicked Witch of the West)-- but simply the biography of a young lady's transformation into a witch in a mythical land -- it would simply be lost in the heap of other fantasy novels that are published each year. Sadly, that's probably true. However, the fact that Crowley draws upon one of the most beloved sources in literary and cinematic history is significant. It gives us a framework, not only for the plot (we already know the ending), but also for the moral values expressed in the source material.  We know going in that the goody-two-shoes version presented by Baum (and even more so by MGM) is going to be stood on its head, and that in itself is cause for delight.  If there's any doubt, the story opens with a prologue where Elphaba looks down on Dorothy and her friends following the yellow brick road to Emerald City. We won't see them again until the final chapters.  Still, it's not just our familiarity with the story that makes it a great read. The author's eye (and ear) for detail is phenomenal. And he pulls off a real tour de force by portraying the main character first as a deformed monster, then as an object of sympathy (yes, the scenes of Elphaba's love affair are icky, but in a good way) - and maybe back again, depending on your point of view. Reading this has rekindled my love of fantasy, and makes me want to go back to reading the author's other works.     