 This is one innovative and functional product. I equate it to the iPod of MP3 players. Like the iPod which "just works" and integrates easily allowing all levels of users to take advantage of the product without any real technical knowledge, the Slingbox does the same for place shifting TV, or whatever you want to hook up to it.  The device allows you to connect up to 3 inputs from various Audio/Video devices you own. I have mine hooked up to my DVR from the cable company. It allows me to watch live TV or any recorded shows as if I'm sitting at home in front of the TV.   Many of the reviews here go into detail on how well it works and how easy it is to setup. If you can hook up a VCR or DVD player, you can hook up the Slingbox. The graphical directions are very straight forward and seem to cover any scenario someone might have. I didn't need them as it's obvious to me how it needed to be hooked up anyway. The toughest thing for most will be getting a network connection to the location you want to place the device, but they also provide an additional solution (at additional cost) for those that can't or don't want to run a connection.  Just released in beta, as of this review, is the PocketPC version of the player. It works amazingly well over wifi and though I can't test it since my device doesn't support it, over a phone carriers higher speed network like Edge or EVDO. The player is free for anyone that registers before 4/26/06 and supposedly $30 after that. It's truly amazing to watch it on your PocketPC device and the functionality appears to be full featured like the PC client.  There's an active support/discussion community at http://www.slingcommunity.com and it would be worthwhile for those considering purchasing this to check it out and read the posts. Of course once you purchase the unit, it's a valuable resource if you have any questions or problems. It's also where the latest news, such as the launch of the PocketPC mobile player, is made and discussed.  If there's one request I have, it would be an install-less player such as a java client that can be run from any machine anywhere in the world without having to download & install the Windows client on the machine. Maybe it's in the works but nothing has been disclosed yet.  There are other alternatives to the Slingbox, but for simple and cost effective, I think it stands alone. A truly impressive product for those wanting to view their TV from anywhere.     