 first of all: this is a gd book. i've been able to identify almost all critters with this book. but tt's as far as i can get.  Apart from photographic identification, there's little information provided abt the individual animals which would be very useful i.e. habitat, size range, colour range, symbiotism with another species etc. also there's a section which lists the animals as "misc" which well isn't entirely the fault of the authors. i'm assuming tt perhaps little info is available abt the relative species and hence they're unable to give it proper classification or the class is small so it's unnecessary to give them their own.  the pictures are all brilliantly taken which allows for easy identification except for some of the fusilers and gobies and other small critters tt are difficult to identify bcos of the angle fr which the pix are taken or that they are taken fr a wide angle i.e. an entire school of fish which can require quite a squint. i thought it wld be useful too if apart from the pix they could, like bird ident books, detail in writing the physical appearance of the fish. bcos fish can have rather different appearances in the various life stages. either that or there are variations to their colours etc. but this cld also be due to a lack of species information. which is why perhaps it wld be gd to buy a range of books so comparisens can me made and also for those who take pictures (and who are interested enough) to feedback the authors. the more info we have the better guide books we can make. i thought it was nice to include a section on coast/sea birds. alot of time ppl fail to take notice of them. perhaps this section can be improved on to make ppl more aware of avain life ard the sea. marine mammals also needs more work. right now the porpoise ident is a page of grayscale illustrations. i know most of the times they're gray but... it's also not exhaustive which again, cld be supported by reader contributions. still undecided by my review? just by the book then.     