 Grand Funk Railroad burst onto the music scene with their debut 1969 release "On Time". Mark Farner, Don Brewer and Mel Schacher really turned a lot of heads, including those of the naysayers, who doubted "The Funk"'s abilty to deliver the goods musically. Mark, Don & Mel each contribute equally here, and don't miss a beat throughout the entire album. Perhaps Mark Farner was speaking on behalf of the youth of the late '60's/early '70's, with his display of angst and budding rebellion present in many of the selections featured on "On Time". For instance, Farner offers a display of defiance in the standoffish "Call Yourself A Man", as noted in the lyrics: "I'm not looking for somebody to defend my case. I've been scorned by more than one, so stop this paper chase." This kind of (pent-up) angst is also felt in Farner's guitar playing, as is the case in many of the selections here as well. Don Brewer's drumming is in fine, upstanding form, too. One listen to his drum solo in "T.N.U.C." will confirm that fact. The guys mix a little rhythm and blues into their "heavy-metal" odyssies as well, as in such standouts including "Time Machine" and "Heartbreaker". There's a bit of a passage of "Row, Row, Row Your Boat" featured in the closer "Ups And Downs", which is somewhat of a minor embarrassment, but is workable, nonetheless. All of the selections here are "timeless", and thus, speak volumes of "Grand (Funk Railroad)" proportions. Grand Funk Railroad would continue down this musical path over the course of the next few albums, until "We're An American Band" came out in 1973. It was also by this time that the group dropped "Railroad" from their name and became "Grand Funk". Mark, Don & Mel also added a fourth member to their lineup by this same later time period as well - keyboardist Craig Frost. With this addition, "The Funk" began losing its hard-edged sound, and adopted a bluesier, more radio-friendly aura, thus going commercial. This change may have alienated some of GFR's longtime fans, but on "On Time", this band showed their hard-core fans that they do what they do best - delivering a unique brand of in-your-face, Midwestern-styled rock 'n roll, a path other Midwestern acts would soon follow, with the likes of such bands as Head East, Styx and REO Speedwagon, to name a few. Grand Funk Railroad was also the first "heavy-metal" band, although their early musical stylings are considered tame by today's standards. "On Time" definitely has a lot to offer for any serious hard rock fan, and is perhaps the best of GFR's early catalog, bar none. But, be warned - "On Time" is not recommeneded for those with weak hearts, or for the high falootin' crowd, for that matter. So, by all means, be at your local music retailer "On Time", or else they'll be fresh out of copies. Then where will you be?     