 Brand X truly marked the spot on "Unorthodox Behaviour", their first album. This group showed they could meld their unique style of intricate jazz with an over the top, baroquesque flavor of progressive rock, which, when these two genres meet head on, make for an interesting listen. After having already spent a few years with Genesis, Phil Collins most likely felt his drumming style within that particular group was lacking the type of creativity he demanded (although you have to admit his drumming on the Gabriel-era Genesis albums is nothing short of spectacular, either). With Brand X, he could now show off his creativity in a unique style all his own, and it definitely shows in Collins' first outing with the band. His fast-paced drum rolls, present in such tracks as "Nuclear Burn" and "Smacks Of Euphoric Hysteria" are a real treat to the ears (ear candy, if you will), and shouldn't be taken at "face value", if you'll pardon the expression. "Born Ugly" is anything but (ugly), and has a rather charming and mysterious quality to it, nonetheless. Percy Jones's bass playing is also mind-blowing. One listen to the CD's title track, and you'll see (and hear) what I mean. The title track features a unique and different side to Brand X, in that they can really funk out with great timing and precision. What's more, guitarist John Goodsall brings some of his Average White Band influences to "Unorthodox Behaviour" as well, which adds yet another multi-dimensional side to this band. This AWB-influenced sound can be found in a fair number of the tracks here, including "Nuclear Burn" and "Born Ugly". Robin Lumley's keyboard and piano playing carries with it such depth and magical stardust wizardry, and is the perfect crowning touch to Collins', Goodsall's and Jones's "unorthodox" jams - the cherry on top of the tasty, proverbial sundae, if you will. Phil Collins' exquisite drumming intricacies, as featured on "UB", can also be felt on his next two releases with Genesis: "A Trick Of The Tail" and "Wind And Wuthering" - moreso on the former than the latter (although "UB" came out immediately after "ATTOT", but "UB" was recorded just before "...Trick...", as the dates in both the "UB" and (UK edition) "ATTOT" CD booklets will attest to that fact). Brand X's next effort, "Moroccan Roll", would prove to be a weaker effort compared to "Unorthodox Behaviour", most likely as a result of the band's "incoherent noodling" on that particular release. As far as "UB" is concerned, not only does "X" unanimously mark the spot, but is guaranteed to come out in the wash stain-free as well, even after repeated spins!     