 After retiring King Crimson after recording the "Red" LP in 1974, Robert Fripp felt the group accomplished all it could both musically and lyrically, thus going out with a monstrous bang at that point. Fripp, along with guitarist Adrian Belew, stick bassist/synth player Tony Levin and drumming ace Bill Bruford, reformed a new and revitalized Crimson lineup (with only Fripp and Bruford returning from the previous 1970's lineup) in 1981. This fantastic foursome released three albums in the 1980's, beginning with "Discipline" (otherwise known as the 'other' "Red" album). "Discipline" shows Crimson at its most in-depth and at its most productive musically, even after a nearly seven-year absence, and with half of its lineup including two new members to boot. Fripp demonstrates unique guitar sounds on "Discipline"'s opening track, "Elephant Talk", while the rest of the band is solid on "Frame By Frame". Belew writes some of his most romantically profound lyrics on one of Crimson's more bluesy numbers, "Matte Kudasai". However, things get more decadently tense on the remaining instrumentals - especially "Indiscipline", where Fripp, Belew and Bruford each display a virtually insightful musician's clinic, which blends together rather professionally. Ah, but the bass/stick synth talents of Tony Levin need not go unnoticed here on "Discipline", either, as he brings a jarring presence to the forefront on yet another instrumental, "Thela Hun Ginjeet". "The Sheltering Sky" also brings with it its own musical notariety, complete with subtle nuances as deep as the midnight sky. Tony Levin also puts in a noteworthy performance on the latter track as well. The self-titled instrumental (Another one? How discreetly delicious and thoughtful of these guys!) adds yet more depth and "Discipline" to Crimson's repertoire, and closes out the CD on a strong and positive note. The LP sleeve version of "Discipline" contains a bonus track, a reprise of "Matte Kudasai (alternate version)", sort of a continuation of the third track. Of the three albums King Crimson released in the '80's ("Discipline", "Beat" and "Three of a Perfect Pair"), the first and the third offerings make for strong bookends in both the musical and lyrical department, while the middle entry falters due to splattery and disjointed production for the most part (except for "Beat"'s two strong instrumentals "Sartori in Tangier" and "Requiem"). Even though Crimson's usually strong jazz intricacies are neatly tucked away beneath the new wave and bluesy introspections on "Discipline", it is still the strongest effort of their '80's outings, but still doesn't quite match up with their 1970's musical majestics. So, "Discipline" yourself to get off of that sofa, and make a trip down to your retailer and purchase this title today. If you miss the bygone era of vinyl-type packaging without the plastic black discs inside, then the LP sleeve packaging of "Discipline" is definitely the way to go!     