 Disc Jockey Barry Scott brings together a collection of lost gems many believe they would never hear (from) again. For the record, almost all of the artists featured in this collection are one and two-hit wonders, with the exception of Del Shannon, who does a splendid job in remaking the Phil Phillips classic "Sea Of Love" (which was also covered later by The Honeydrippers), as well as Phil Seymour, whose one hit here, "Precious To Me", was produced by the well-known Richard Podolor, who also contributed to the production of another one-hit wonder (of sorts) - Rubicon (I say "of sorts", because Del Shannon, Jerry Martini and Phil Seymour each had major and/or minor successes with prior hits - either with a different group or solo [see above and below scenarios]). Their lone hit single, titled "I'm Gonna Take Care Of Everything", is also one of the stellar hits included here, which peaked at #28 on the Billboard Top 40 chart in 1978. Rubicon was a San Francisco area group fronted by saxophonist Jerry Martini, who was a member of Sly & the Family Stone a decade before "I'm Gonna Take Care..." was released. Another member of Rubicon, Jack Blades, moved on to bigger and better things as a member of the '80's group Night Ranger ("Sister Christian", "When You Close Your Eyes", among other hits). Richard Podolor's early production credits include Steppenwolf and Three Dog Night, whom Podolor successfully molded into two powerhouse hit making machines in the late '60's and early '70's. Speaking of moving on...No, on second thought, let's revert back to Phil Seymour, who previously was a member of The Dwight Twilley Band, who had a big hit with 1975's "I'm On Fire". Sadly, Seymour died of cancer back in 1993. He left behind some "Precious (To Me)" musical treasures for his many fans to cherish. Now, on to the songs that should've been HUGE hits. "If The Love Fits, Wear It" (Leslie Pearl) and "If You Remember Me" (Chris Thompson & Night) could've been even bigger hits if they were given the right marketing push by the record company brass, but they weren't, so the record execs felt they had bigger fish to fry and these one-hit artists were virtually ignored and were never heard from again, which is a shame. If there ever was an award given for "Most Unique Name for a Rock Group", that honor would have to go to The Road Apples, who offer the Dr. Hook influenced "Let's Live Together". But, there can't be a collection of '70's songs without at least one disco number - that being the somewhat infectious "Wham Bam (Shang-A-Lang)" by Silver. For those who can't get enough of those heartwarming, melancholy ballads, you're sure to like Larry Santos' "We Can't Hide It Anymore". "The Lost 45's Vol. 2" contains at least one weak entry - Mac Davis's "Rock And Roll (I Gave You The Best Years Of My Life)" and two so-so tunes "Ariel" (Dean Friedman) and "I Couldn't Say No" (Robert Ellis Orrall w/Carlene Carter). The George Baker Selection's hip remake of "Paloma Blanca" was previously covered by Slim Whitman (and perhaps others), and this remake is a perfect accompaniment to a majority of the other songs featured in this stellar collection of lost rarities. Quite possibly, the most overlooked "lost" track would have to be the rockin' "Sausalito Summernight" (Diesel) - the perfect number for cruisin' the interstate. Yes, this collection may contain an overabundance of "cheese", but it's the best kind of cheese - the gourmet variety. More of it please, Barry!     