 Although Steely Dan is primarily known as a musical group renowned for their jazz-laden intricacies, this group's first record, titled "Can't Buy A Thrill", is a masterpiece. "The Dan" combine rock and blues, with their trademark jazz musings "camouflaged" beneath a majority of the tracks featured here. The only "pure" jazz selections featured on "Can't Buy A Thrill" are found in "Fire In The Hole" and in the saxophone instrumental break of "Dirty Work". It is on this selection, along with "Brooklyn (Owes The Charmer Under Me)", where the smooth David Gates (lead singer of Bread)-like vocals of David Palmer are displayed with fine vocal precision, especially on "Dirty Work". The other "hidden" vocal presence on this disc is from Jim Hodder, on the down tempo "Midnite Cruiser". Hodder's junior Randy Newman-esque vocals suit this track rather nicely. As I mentioned earlier, many of the tracks display either a moderately heavy rock feel ("Reelin' In The Years", "Change Of The Guard"), or a bluesy sort of vibe ("Only A Fool Would Say That", "Dirty Work", "Turn That Heartbeat Over Again"). It is because of this interwoven nature of the three above-mentioned musical genres why "The Dan" gets five stars for originality. The musical and lyrical qualities of Donald Fagen and Walter Becker & Co. really shine through on "Can't Buy A Thrill". This disc proved to be Palmer's and Hodder's swan song with the group, as they were relieved of their vocal duties prior to Steely Dan's next release, 1973's "Countdown To Ecstasy", where "The Dan" have their jazz stylings down to perfection from that point forward - at least until their much later efforts, but that will be dealt with in future Steely Dan reviews of other CD's. You'll experience many a "Thrill" during repeated listenings. This one has it all! A note of interest: Did you know Saturday Night Live alumnus and star of several motion pictures, Chevy Chase, was a member of Steely Dan years before they hit it big? Yep, Chevy, Fagen and Becker attended the same college in New Jersey (Bard College, I believe). Chase was quoted as saying they were "a bad jazz band" during his tenure with the group. As great a comedian as Chevy is, I'd have to say "The Dan" proved him wrong when they tasted success...without Mr. Chase. Hmm...interesting. Now that's definitely a "Thrill" that Chevy was once part of this group! Whod've imagined that? Certainly not moi!     