 "Empty Sky", Elton John's introductory 1969 release, briefly provides a glimpse forward to his signature piano based sound, which Elton would soon master over the course of his next two albums. For starters, the harpsichord featured here somewhat lightens the melancholy mood evident in many of the songs, which is a good thing, considering the fact that this lovely sounding musical instrument would never again make a full-fledged presence in Elton's later efforts, with the exception of his next release. The tracks on "Empty Sky" which feature any semblance of EJ's later works are those of "Western Ford Gateway", which features an out of this universe echoed vocal display, and "Lady What's Tommorrow", featuring an appearance by future Elton John Band Member Nigel Olsson on drums. The CD's opening title track is eight and a half minutes of sheer rocktopia, while the suite "Gulliver/It's Hay Chewed/Reprise" features a uniquely jazzy middle section with a medley of the album's previous tunes in the suite's finale. The harpsichord featured in "Skyline Pigeon" is uplifting, but I prefer the piano version of this track, as featured on the also remastered version of "Don't Shoot Me I'm Only The Piano Player". The piano version of "Skyline Pigeon" is an EJ masterpiece, and is absolutely breathtaking! The cream of the bonus tracks is the hard-polished rocker "Lady Samantha", which was also covered by Three Dog Night on their second LP "Suitable For Framing", which was out at the same time as "Empty Sky". TDN's version of "Lady Samantha" just barely gets the nod over EJ's version, primarily due to TDN's musical cohesiveness, as displayed on their version. For the most part, "Empty Sky" is basically Elton John getting his feet wet, and is a noteworthy body of musical and lyrical works, with the latter masterfully supplied by Bernie Taupin, who would remain partnered with Elton John throughout the majority of Elton's career, except for the period between 1978 through 1980. It is this latter period where Elton's arrangements are the most mediocre, and that says a lot for this piano master's early career, which got off to a nice, humble start, courtesy of "Empty Sky", which is the place to start to get to know the man known as Elton John and his music.     