 "Three of a Perfect Pair" finds King Crimson mixing their unique musical stylings together with an unbridled lyrical sensibility - this time from a more bluesy perspective than with earlier efforts. Gone are the "avant"-jazz type arpeggiations and psychological/"schizophrenic" observational type lyrics that were trademarks in previous efforts. But, that makes "ToaPP" a more enjoyable work filled with the unexpected. Then again, King Crimson has always been about experimenting with sensationally new ideas - bringing a fresh and unique approach to each and every recording. Different lineup changes through the years also confirms this fact. Lead singer Adrian Belew's long-pause a cappella of 'She-e-e-e' from the opening title track leads the way into Robert Fripp's bluesy guitar augmentations, then the rest of the band joins in for a somewhat loose and tight-knit musical coda simultaneously. Most of the selections here combine lyrical strength from Belew's lyrics with musical muscle, courtesy of the strong, homogenous rhythm section of Fripp, Tony Levin and Bill Bruford (w/the latter two on bass/stick synthesizer and drums, respectively). This rhythm section brings forth such awe-inspiring wonder in the instrumentals "Nuages (That Which Passes, Passes Like Clouds)" and on the rather elastic "Industry", which features some very fine bass/guitar/synthesizer/percussion mesmerizations. "Dig Me" displays a very loose, frenetic style, and finds itself switching directions for no apparent reason. "Man With An Open Heart" has radio-friendly vibes written all over it, but, it still has that Crimson-esque touch etched into it as well. "Sleepless" contains a remarkable Talking Heads-type semblance, complete with a David Byrne sound-alike vocalization from Adrian Belew - and with a country flavor too, something else that's new from Crimson. "No Warning" goes off on its own noteworthy tangent, while "Larks' Tongues In Aspic, Part 3" contains some flashy, brilliant moments, only to be outdone by their "Part One" and "Part Two" predecessors from the classic "Larks' Tongues In Aspic" album from 1973 itself. Sadly, "ToaPP" would close another musical chapter in the Crimson library, and is their last excursion of the 1980's. Yet more lineup changes would ensue for the 1990's and into the 2000's, although Fripp and Belew would remain on board during that time frame. Although both above immediate time periods would find KC exploring darker musical/lyrical alleys, "Three of a Perfect Pair" is Crimson playing good "progressive" blues, and with a tremendous feeling at that. Get the "King Crimson Blues" today!     