 As you listen to "Soundtracks" by Tony Banks, you may be misled, as well as lost, because the number of tracks contained on the actual CD (twelve), are different from the number shown on the back cover (six), including two suites with eight subtitles between the two. It is the subtitles of the "Quicksilver" and "Redwing" suites which throws the actual number of tracks on the CD out of kilter. Don't let these inconsistencies prevent you from enjoying the wonderful "Banksynths" on this CD, many of which Tony brought to the forefront on the last Genesis album, 1983's self-titled LP of the same name, aka "Shapes". Once you hear "Shortcut To Somewhere" (featuring vocals from Tony's ole buddy Fish [of "Marillion"], "You Call This Victory" (with vocals supplied by Jim Diamond), as well as the last subtitle of the "Quicksilver Suite" - "Final Chase", you'll want to run a ten mile marathon, just to sweat the unsightly toxins out of your body! The singing featured on the third and final vocal track, titled "Lion Of Symmetry", is supplied by Toyah Wilcox, whose vocal stylings are eerily similar to those of Jayney Klimek, who can be heard on Banks' next two solo side projects - "Bankstatement" (1989) and "Still" (1991). In fact, one of the tracks on "Bankstatement", titled "Queen Of Darkness", contains a similar musical arrangement of one of the subtitled tracks featured on the instrumental "Redwing Suite" - "Lorca" (found here on the "Soundtracks" CD, originally released in 1986 prior to "Bankstatement", which was released three years later), but "QOD" is also supplied by Klimek's rich, ultra-powerful vocals. When you compare and contrast the musical arrangements of both "Final Chase" and "QOD", not only will you note many parallel similarities between the two, you will also notice some subtle musical nuances and differences as well. "Smilin' Jack Casey", another instrumental track featured on "Soundtracks", contains many of those same soft and gentle traits, too. Tony Banks would bring many of these same "Banksynths" to the next Genesis project as well, on the band's 1986 album titled "Invisible Touch". If you already have the two Genesis titles mentioned here, you might want to add "Soundtracks" to your Tony Banks/Genesis CD library, because this title is the pefect musical compliment to both "Shapes" and "Invisible Touch". "Soundtracks" is the only TB soundtrack title in print, as well. Make "Soundtracks" your essential purchase today!     