 On "Living & Dying In 3/4 Time", Jimmy Buffett's fourth LP overall and his second release on the now defunct ABC/Dunhill label, it would appear that Buffett had for the most part traded in his homespun lyrical sense of humor in favor of a more serious and sentimental side, which many of JB's fans never fully saw or heard until this sophomore effort. But, that's not to say that Jimmy Buffett can't compose a humorous song without sounding too mish-mosh or overbearing, which in either case he doesn't. Whatever few humorous songs there are on "Living And Dying...", the combination of these with the more straightforward, subtle selections works wonders on an album of fine caliber such as this. Buffett felt he had something to prove to his increasingly growing audiences, and therefore needed to make a statement by writing wholehearted, contemporary ballads, such as "Come Monday" and "Ringling, Ringling", although the latter number is more of an up-tempo sort of ballad. "Come Monday" was also Buffett's first hit single, reaching the Top 30 of the Billboard pop charts in early 1974. JB's lightweight humor on "Pencil Thin Mustache" looks good on both paper and in the music itself, while "God's Own Drunk" is 360 degrees of pure comic relief, combined with masterful, impressionistic humor performed in classic Jimmy Buffett style! Not one bad moment can be found on "Living And Dying...", and that includes all the other compositions as well, which makes it the best of the early Buffett CD's. A word of caution for the younger generation of "ParrotHeads" - due to the nature of the heavily influenced country sounds as featured on this selection, you might find "Living And Dying..." a bit hard to digest at first. But, once you begin to understand its unique nuances and down-home charm, you'll definitely take it at face value, and will want to add it to your must have Jimmy Buffett collection. Since this title is virtually out of print in most areas, you should order it soon, although there's a rather distinct possiblity that either MCA Records or Jimmy Buffett himself will re-release his catalogue of older JB titles on his own label (Margaritaville), complete with the remaster treatment, including the  original artwork and liner notes in the CD booklet. But, as they say, there's nothing like an original. Thus, MCA's "Compact Disc-Compact Price" edition of "Living And Dying In 3/4 Time" is destined to become a collector's item. It's the best "old school" Buffett money can buy!     