 After viewing "Smokey And The Bandit, Part 3", here is my assessment of the pluses and minuses of this movie: Pluses-Soundtrack. Although it's not as good as in the first "Smokey And The Bandit", it has nice country music numbers by Ed Bruce and Lee Greenwood. Also included are nice rockers by John Stewart titled "It Ain't The Gold" and "Ticket For The Wind". They provide a somewhat refreshing change of pace compared to the obviously all-country soundtrack featured in the first two Smokies. Jerry Reed as The Bandit. Yeah, I know he isn't Burt Reynolds, but he provides a rather captivating performance here as the primo "All-American Redneck Lawbreaker." Jackie Gleason as Sheriff Buford T. Justice. Gleason reprises his role as the famous Texas lawman who'd like nothing more than to capture the Bandit. The car chases are splendid involving the Sheriff and The Bandit, but as a minus, lack the gusto provided in the first two movies. The plot. I found the plot where Sheriff Justice carries a stuffed fish on the roof of his squad car to be quite funny, yet bewildering. The Enis Brothers. Who in heck would drive around in a Cadillac filled with milk? Beats me! Burt Reynolds' cameo. A bit short, but need I say more? Yes, because we haven't gotten to the minuses yet. Colleen Camp. She is NO Sally Field! Faith Minton. I thought having a nymphomaniac character in the film was the lowest point here. The same, tiresome jokes. after seeing the first two Smokies, the old jokes just weren't funny anymore. And the new jokes persented in this movie, like where Sheriff Justice was pointing out to his dimwitted son that all the lawmen in the Justice family have "six sense", and his son replies, "Six cents, that's not even a dime". Oh, PUH-LEASE!  Based on this film's assessment, you can plainly see there are more pluses than minuses. That's why you should add "Smokey And The Bandit, Part 3" to your video library. Oh, and the biggest plus is when Jerry Reed says: "I get to be The Bandit, I get to be The Bandit!" WOO-HOO!     