 As soon as you hear the first note of the title track from "People Like Us", you'll notice this isn't the same group who recorded such stellar classics as "California Dreamin'" and "Monday, Monday" in the peace lovin' '60's. Since this CD/album was originally released in 1971, perhaps "The Mamas & The Papas" had to change their sound to keep up with the new decade, even though this, sadly, would be their last album on which they would perform together. This "new" sound can be heard on most of the songs that are featured on "People Like Us". The title track somewhat hearkens back to The Association's "Never My Love". "Pacific Coast Highway" is the perfect musical number for crusing down U.S. 101 (or the H-3, if you live on the island of Oahu). But, beware the "Snowqueen Of Texas", for she'll do her best to spoil your pleasant journey by creating a hazardous snowstorm in your path! Even though the famous harmonies that are heard on "The Mamas & The Papas" previous albums aren't persent here, they come fairly close in the groovy "Shooting Star". The Caribbean vibes heard in "European Blueboy" don't justify that song's title. Perhaps a more suitable title would be "Jamaican Rastaman" (or something to that effect!). "Pearl" is very satisfying, while "I Wanna Be A Star" showcases Michelle Phillips' songwriting capabilities. This is the only song on the entire CD that wasn't written by (the late, great) John Phillips, who also wrote eleven of the twelve songs and produced this uniquely hip and funky array of compositions. If you're looking for a grasshopper to add to your insect collection, but are having great difficulty in catching one, then don't despair. "The Mamas & The Papas" have rounded up their own "Grasshopper", and it's yours, just by ordering this one of a kind CD. You say you have "No Dough" (or very little of it, anyway)? No problem! This CD is available at a rather "compact" price. But, you better not wait too long, because soon this "Grasshopper", as well as the rest of the songs featured only here, will soon become extinct. "People Like Us" is the perfect companion with "Blueberries For Breakfast"!     