 "To Sir With Love" is one of three Sidney Poitier cinematic masterpieces to grace the silver screen in 1967 (the other two being "In The Heat Of The Night" and "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner"). In "TS,WL", Poitier plays his part well as a nice, warmhearted schoolteacher. When unable to secure a job as a civil engineer, Mark Thackeray (Poitier) agrees to accept a position at North Quay (pronounced like "key") Secondary School in London's tough East End. Mr. Thackeray quickly finds out he has his hands full with a bunch of hard to discipline teenagers at the outset. When he is unable to reach his students through conventional means of instruction with textbooks, Thackeray is forced to rely on utilizing a more simplified teaching strategy. He accomplishes this by arranging an outing to a local museum of classical art, and also by instructing his pupils in the basic culinary art of Home Economics. Thackeray's newly found confidence is somewhat shaken amongst his students after an incident in the school gymnasium involving one of his pupils, and it is at this point where many of Thackeray's students give him the cold shoulder treatment, with the exception of one Pamela Dare (played nicely by Judy Geeson), who seems to take to Thackeray like a fish to water. In the meantime, Mr. Thackeray applies for many civil engineering jobs via the mail with little success. Later on, when the students' teacher is greeted with a warm reception at the final school dance, it begs the question: should Thackeray stay or go, but not before receiving confirmation (also via the mail) that he's been offered a position with a top engineering firm. For the answer to this burning question, you'll just have to watch this dramatic display of fine acting to find out. Oh, and this film also features the fine vocal talents of Lulu, who is featured as one of Mr. Thackeray's students, as well as sings the movie's title song. The band who performs at the school dance is none other than "The Mindbenders", who were led by Wayne Fontana, and had a major hit with the song "The Game Of Love" before "TS,WL" was released. Make sure you include "To Sir, With Love" in your video library today, because acting of the highest caliber, such as this, only comes along once in a blue moon!     