 "Chicago Greatest Hits-Volume 2" features the band's hits from the mid-to-late-seventies, and there's not a really bad song in the bunch. There is a misprint on the packaging of the track "Dialogue-Parts I & II", although only the second part featuring the horns is heard. This collection has a melancholy feel to it in the songs "No Tell Lover" and "Alive Again" (even though this particular number is up-tempo) because of the fact Terry Kath tragically died before these two songs were recorded. Peter Cetera has the lion's share of the vocals here in this collection, which are heard in the very carefree "Happy Man" and "Baby What A Big Surprise", among others. "Old Days" will have you yearning for those days of yore, as will "Take Me Back To Chicago" (that is, unless you're from the "Windy City"), which features Chaka Khan on background vocals. One of the first songs that began Chicago's associated trend with ballads (many on which Cetera sang lead) is the bittersweet "If You Leave Me Now", and is one of the few Chicago songs that doesn't feature the trademark horn section (from this era, anyway), as is also the case with the up-tempo rocker "Gone Long Gone". For a heavy dose on the horns, there's "Questions 67 And 68", although the ironic thing is that this song is from Chicago's very first album, several years before the initial release of "Greatest Hits-Volume 2". It seems that with each passing greatest hits album, from Vol. 1 to Vol. 2 to Vol. 3, there are fewer songs featuring the original three lead vocalists, from the late Terry Kath to Robert Lamm to Peter Cetera, which seems appropriate due to a change in the band's personnel through the years. With over 30+ years in the music business, Chicago shows no signs of slowing down or pondering retirement, which is a testament of a great band. Since "Chicago Greatest Hits-Volume 2" is the last major hits collection of this stellar group, fans of Chicago, young and old, will want to add it to their must have collection.     