 It is extremely rare to use the words "Eddie Murphy" and "clean" in the same sentence, which ring true in "Saturday Night Live-The Best Of Eddie Murphy". After watching Murphy convey such a unique and endearing comical warmth in which he brings to many of his SNL characters, especially in this video, it makes you wonder why Murphy resorts to using rather obscene language and risque adult themes prevalent in many of his stand-up comedy videos, such as "Eddie Murphy:Raw" and "Delirious", which are highly recommended for laughs, even though these are not satisfactory for young audiences to view. If Mr. Murphy cleaned up his act in the language department, he'd still be just as hilarious. On the other hand, if the adult themes and language were excluded entirely, the routines wouldn't be as interesting and much of their viewer appeal would be lost. No need to worry with "The Best Of Eddie Murphy-Saturday Night Live". It's "G" rating means that it's a video the whole family can watch together, although there is a slight possibility that the ethnicity present in certain skits may offend certain people, so it's best to watch this with an open mind and just laugh out loud! The only thing I dislike about this version is due to the fact there are two different skits, one that replaced the jazz skit where Murphy portrays a "Thelonius Monk"-type musician, sporting a clear plastic mask, which I found quite hilarious! Instead there's a drone skit with Eddie dressed up as Gumby, saying the oft-used phrase "I'm Gumby, Dammit!" Somebody please gag me with a spoon! Another skit featured here that wasn't in the original video was a different second skit of "Mister Robinson's Neighborhood" featuring Mr. T. Even though I don't remember the original second skit that was in the original video, I would say the Mr. T skit is/was as equally as funny. The most hilarious skit of the bunch here is definitely the "Jesse Jackson" skit. You'll have to check that one out for yourself! You rarely see any clean, wholesome and comical productions starring Eddie Murphy that are out there, which is why it is necessary to include "The Best Of Eddie Murphy-Saturday Night Live" in your comedy video library. Purchase this rare gem before it is taken out of print!     