 When Jon Anderson and Rick Wakeman left Yes after the band's noticeably better than average 1978 album "Tormato" was released, it would appear to be kaputz, as far as this legendary progressive rock group's musical craftsmanship and output was concerned. Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes (both formerly of the new wave group "The Buggles", who had a hit with "Video Killed The Radio Star", released in 1979. It was also the very first video MTV aired in 1981.) both prove to be able replacements for both Anderson and Wakeman, although Horn's vocals don't have quite the zip and charisma that Anderson displayed. As far as Downes' keyboard style is concerned, when compared with Wakeman's style, Downes seems to rely less on technique and more on rapid-fire playing. This kind of musicianship seems out of place on a Yes recording, but nevertheless, it works on "Drama". The CD begins with a roaring guitar fade in, courtesy of Steve Howe on "Machine Messiah", and continues with foot-stomping vigor throughout the track. Things come to a standstill on the brief and regressive "White Car". Then the progressive embracings return to life on "Does It Really Happen?" The most interesting piece, as well as the best track musically here, a mechanical, musical machine known as "Into The Lens", possibly earns Yes gold star status, complete with a mixture of Steve Howe's remarkable guitar and Chris Squire's over-the-top bass playing. "Run Through The Light", seems to be a little nonchalant and very overplayed. "Tempus Fugit" closes out "Drama" on a strong note, complete with an answer to Yes! The lyric quality here may not be as strong, as is the case of Yes' other albums, but perhaps the strongest track in the Lyrics, Incorporated Dept as far as "Drama" is concerned, would have to go to "Into The Lens", with its overly cliched line "I Am A Camera". But, what makes "Drama" all the more unique, is due to the fact this was Jon Anderson's only album on which he did not appear - unique in a way that Jon's contributions to the band have always been surprisingly stellar to most Yes fans (including myself). Therefore, he has brought many a good idea to the creative Yes table throughout his long and glamorous career, so its hard to imagine any Yes lineup without him. To many Yes fans, his presence was sorely missed on an album of this style, but not for long, as Yes continued to grow and change in the years ahead, with Jon Anderson back in the fold, including another original member, Tony Kaye. Together, these two revamped Yes with a totally new look, as well as a new sound in the early '80's, although their new sound wouldn't quite match their magnificent early '70's albums. Even die-hard fans of this legendary group, as well as those who are new to Yes' music, will find that "Drama" will grow on them after a few listens. So, even if the music still doesn't appease you after a few listens, then please buy it for Yes artist Roger Dean's illustrious cover art, which is absolutely breathtaking, and is worth the price of "Drama" alone. Grab this ultimate masterpiece today!     