 Although not quite as strong and cohesive as B.B. King's previous release "Completely Well", "Indianola Mississippi Seeds" contains some sweetly scintillating, chills up and down your spine musical vibes. These bluesy, rhythmic pulsations are supplied by a bevy of young, then unknown up and coming musicians, featuring the likes of Joe Walsh (rhythm guitar), Carole King (piano/electric piano) and Leon Russell (piano/electric piano). Together, along with "The King Of The Blues" himself, these four individuals (B.B. included) really put their own unique brand of polish to the tracks featured on "IMS", such as "You're Still My Woman", "Don't Ask Me No Questions", "Until I'm Dead And Cold", "Go Underground", and let's not forget the Russell-penned "Hummingbird", where Leon gives his all both musically and lyrically here. "King's Special", the CD's lone instrumental, is indeed special. It is on this track where "Lucille" gets wonderfully downright sassy, and she pulls no punches in the process! The main thing about these "Seeds", is not only are they edible, they also contain an extra amount of sweetness, and will make any set of taste buds come to life! With that ultra-hip, snazzy CD cover (featuring a watermelon carved in the shape of a guitar), including the noteworthy musical selections featured on this disc, one would think MCA would give "IMS" the remaster treatment, to which it rightfully deserves (and thus is long overdue), complete with the original album cover artwork, including liner notes and a lyric sheet. One major drawback to various parts of the instrumentation, as featured on this "Compact Disc-Compact Price" version of "IMS", is that Joe Walsh's rhythm guitar, Leon Russell's and Carole King's piano/keyboard playing comes across as sounding barely audible in spots. Hopefully MCA will adress this issue if they decide to remaster "IMS". These pre-mastered seeds are still quite tasty, nonetheless, and will leave you craving all the moreso. So please, by all means, eat to your heart's content! After all, B.B. wouldn't have it any other way for his devoted fans (even though I consider myself to be more of a casual fan, but a lover of B.B. King's music, nonetheless).     