 "Atom Heart Mother" is truly one masterwork that contains all of the above-mentioned ingredients...INCLUDING the kitchen sink. Although the album's cover features a rather slick bovine sporting its front, "AHM"'s three middle cuts features some minor "anal" abrasions, as particularly found in the Richard Wright-penned "Summer '68" and in the Roger Waters composition "If". As far as the latter tune is concerned, it isn't the Dylan-esque folk flavor that gives it such a down-in-the-mouth atmosphere - instead, it's the depressing lyrics about Waters dealing with his good friend's (Syd Barrett) departure from Pink Floyd, and being unable to fix his troubled mate's problems. "Summer '68's" "slow as molasses" fervor is redeemed by its somewhat killer rock edged coda towards the end of this track. "Fat Old Sun" is the least "dense" of the middle three, and contains nice lyrical and guitar work from David Gilmour. "Atom Heart Mother"'s bookends make it the ulimate psychedelic ride of a lifetime, as displayed in grand Floydian fashion in the opening "AHM Suite", complete with a barrage of varied musical instrumentation, with horns and orchestration thrown in for good measure (even a horse's neigh is buried beneath somewhere!). Since EVERYTHING is found in the "AHM Suite", it means THE KITCHEN SINK is there in the other brilliant bookend "Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast"...it's LITERALLY there, people, take my word for it! All the sounds and nuances of preparing breakfast will just make your mouth water, so come with a healthy appetite! But, this breakfast isn't complete without a hint of psychedelia as an after meal treat, as Pink Floyd brings epic proportions to the table. Even though "Atom Heart Mother" has just a few weak spots somewhere in the middle, it's worth having in one's CD collection for both the suites and that cute cow on the cover. As Roger Waters would later state in a future popular single: "Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash" down to your local retailer today, and make this "cash cow" your pet today, before someone buys up the entire farm!     