 After a brief stint with The Nice, King Crimson and Atomic Rooster, Keith Emerson, Greg Lake and Carl Palmer were now ready to take flight, and achieved it in grand fashion on this, their self-titled 1970 debut release. The world would get a healthy dose of ELP's wholesome, technically sound progressive-rock artistries (on this and future ELP efforts), all of which are homogenically and proudly displayed on the opening track, the lone instrumental "The Barbarian". Lake's soaring buzz guitar starts this track off on its merry way, with Emerson and Palmer chiming in with a keyboard and drum clinic soon afterward. The musical tempo then spirals downward just a bit at the beginning of "Take A Pebble", with Lake adding a Crimson-esque touch to his soft, velvet-like vocal delivery. ELP displays an all-out musical assault on the ears on "Knife-Edge", as these three diverse and talented musicians pull out every musical variation neatly housed in their well-tuned arsenal, courtesy of Lake's rhythmic, bottom-heavy bass, Emerson's upscale keyboard/piano harmonies and Palmer's stormy, cutting-edge style drumming. Much of this same musical craftsmanship is carried over into the "Three Fates: Clotho/Lachesis/Atropos" suite, although both the lyrical and intrumental qualities ELP would present on future suites on following albums would appear to be a tad more developing and insightful ("Karn Evil #9" from the explosive "Brain Salad Surgery" being a prime example). The "Three Fates" suite is still very hook-laden, as it sports many different musical styles, with several artistic hooks to keep even the most die-hard ELP fanatic entertained for hours on end. "Tank" is yet another superb piece of explorative art from the group, and doesn't "tank" in the process. "Emerson Lake & Palmer" ends with the tediously poppy, yet enjoyable, "Lucky Man", ELP's first (and perhaps only) U.S. Top 40 hit single. This track goes off on its own unique veritable artistic tangent (courtesy of Emerson's keyboards and Moog synthesizer), which saves it from being a total commercial disaster (which it isn't). Overall, there's much pleasure to be had from ELP's debut, even though this soon-to-be supergroup would dig deeper into their creative progressive portfolio on their next release "Tarkus" and beyond. "Tarkus" would prove to be the effort that put Emerson, Lake and Palmer on the musical map, but, as for the case with their self-titled debut, ELP had to start somewhere, and what a beginning this release truly was, and still is! So, like the eagle on the cover, "fly" on down to your local retailer today, and pick this one up. Definitely worthy of having in your must-own CD collection!     