 "Captain Fantastic And The Brown Dirt Cowboy" finds Elton John at the apex of his then six year solo career at the time (remember, he got his start as a member of an r & b group known as Bluesology in the sixties, along with co-members Long John Baldry and Elton Dean, from where the previously known Reg Dwight found his stage name - Elton John [the one and only, of course!]). Although "Captain Fantastic..." is not as dominant musically as EJ's previous albums, there are still some marvelous hidden gems, nonetheless, such as the glam rockers "Bitter Fingers" and the CD's title track. The selections featured on the first half and on the beginning of the second half of "Captain Fantastic...", in the lyrics dept., as well as the music itself, contain many positive, fluent vibes, which will leave one in an adventurous state of mind, to say the least. As for the last four songs ("Better Off Dead", "Writing", "We All Fall In Love Sometimes" and "Curtains"), it seems as if EJ's and Bernie Taupin's ideas were beginning to lose steam (especially in the latter three above compositions), and, as a result, it appears these two hitmeisters were bored by the whole music scene. What is also surprising, is that the mega-hits "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds" and "Philadelphia Freedom" are displayed here....as bonus tracks?! I thought these were part of the original album! The disc's lone track, "Someone Saved My Life Tonight", is insightful and desperately thought-provoking, and contains a cute semibiographical reference - "sugar bear". I also found it interesting that the record company erred in forgetting to include "Dogs In The Kitchen" on this disc, as the lyrics included in the CD booklet look interesting enough. Even though Elton, Davey Johnstone, Nigel Olsson, Dee Murray & Co. weren't quite as original or inventive in their playing on this disc as in previous outings, "Captain Fantastic..." still gets high marks for its unique scope and creativeness, and that says a lot about these talented musicians. A few months later, Elton would release his next record - "Rock Of The Westies", in the autumn of '75. That particular record proved to be somewhat weaker than "Capt. Fantastic..." - the reason being that both Nigel Olsson and Dee Murray were fired by Elton earlier in '75 after the release of "Capt. Fantastic...", and were replaced by original Elton John Band member Roger Pope on drums, as well as a new bassist, Kenny Passerelli, who previously performed in Joe Walsh's group, among others. Both Olsson and Murray were sorely missed by fans, and brought a unique style and brand of creativity to the Elton John Band during this period, although I believe both were rehired later in Elton's career. "Captain Fantastic" is fantastic at that, and should not be missed by any Elton John fan, whether they be a diehard or casual fan.     