 After being treated to the multi-million selling, mega-smash "Don't Shoot Me I'm Only The Piano Player", the millions upon millions of Elton John's already established fans were most likely wondering "What could possibly top that masterpiece?" If that was their thought, well, they were almost correct. EJ's 1973 follow-up, "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road", may not top "Don't Shoot Me..." both musically or lyrically, but "GYBR" is as just as masterful a work as "DSM..." on both artistic fronts. But, what gives "...Yellow Brick Road" its magical touch, is the rather diversive musical/ lyrical textures and stylings featured throughout this CD, which is really a double album containing 76 minutes of music at its sheer, ultra-rocking best. "GYBR" starts off with a chilling feel, with the hauntingly spooky "Funeral For A Friend (Love Lies Bleeding)". The first half of this track is an instrumental, while the second half kicks into maximum overdrive, courtesy of Elton's aggressively rough-edged powerful vocals and his hard-hitting band, who provide some serious licks, particularly in the rhythm section on guitar by the one and only Davey Johnstone. In comparing both original versions of "Grey Seal" (which appeared on Elton's second self-titled album as a bonus track) and "Candle In The Wind" to the remakes, the revamped version of the former track is most likely the preferred version among Elton fans (myself included), with its progressively up-tempo syncopation, although the slower-paced, ballad type version is suitable (although I've only heard snippets of the original). As for both studio and live versions of "Candle...", both are equal, with Elton's more powerful, rough and melancholy vocals, as well as classical piano nimblings featured beautifully in the live version, making it more suitable to the fact-based biographical lyrics of one of Hollywood's best known starlets, Marilyn Monroe. In keeping with the movies, there's "I've Seen That Movie Too", complete with the CD booklet's ultra-hip, cool artwork - displaying a scene from "Gone With The Wind", of Clark Gable (as Rhett Butler) and Vivien Leigh (as Scarlett O'Hara), who seem to be enjoying a romantic moment, via a kiss. Adding to the plethora of those diversive musical styles, is the reggae-ish "Jamaica Jerk-Off", recorded in Jamaica, as was "Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting", one of "GYBR's many hit singles, with the latter number featuring driven-home, serious rock 'n roll, once again carried out very solidly by Elton's band (as a further note of interest, "GYBR" was the third album recorded mostly at Strawberry Studios in France, with two of the above tracks "Jamaica Jerk-Off" and "Saturday Night's"..., recorded in Jamaica, as noted above). The album's other singles, "Bennie And The Jets", "Harmony" and the title track, are hypnotically romantic and sensible, particularly the latter two, with the former being good glamourized rock 'n roll. EJ's 1950's rock influences are showcased in the speedily up-tempo "Your Sister Can't Twist (But She Can Rock 'n Roll)". There's also a bit of a hook of "Madman Across The Water" prominently displayed in "Dirty Little Girl", a song centering around the ring of prostitution. "Social Disease" is a colorful look at alcoholism, which explains the nature of Elton and Bernie Taupin's lighthearted, jovial musical and lyrical nature of the album's songs (I'm not suggesting that neither Elton nor Bernie have ever taken to the bottle on a consistent basis - this analogy just happened to come out that way. Sorry!). Thus, this is most likely the album in which EJ and Bernie were having the most fun during their six year partnership at the time. After writing mostly melancholy tunes on the previous albums, both EJ and Bernie probably thought: "Hey, why don't we throw our usually (wonderfully) depressive ideas to the wind and see if anything uniquely unusual comes up." That it did. The result was a more dynamic, laid-back masterpiece, which Taupin and John later explored in future efforts. The snazzy, semi-cartoonish, semi-dramatic and visually stunning CD booklet artwork is simply a joy to behold, which says a lot for the musical and lyrical content inside, and is perhaps the finest of EJ's and Bernie's early period. Success would continue to shine for these two genuinely unique players, who provide the best compositions the world of rock music has to offer. So, take that georgeous walk down the yellow brick road to your local record store today, and get a copy of "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road". It's the ultimate pot of gold!     