 The above title says it all. After viewing "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", you may ask yourself "Hmm...just exactly how was a cool, righteous dude such as Ferris Bueller able to pull his antics off, and without getting caught in the process?" Such is a question which may come to mind, regardless of whether you're a teenager, or if you've left your teenage years long behind you.Ferris (Matthew Broderick) is one lucky kid who has it all: a pair of loving and understanding parents (played by Lyman Ward and Cindy Pickett), a beautiful and intelligent girlfriend named Sloane Peterson (played by Mia Sara), and, to top it all off, a bright and successful future ahead of him. But...something's missing...Although he's already missed nine days this school year, Ferris decides to undertake the most important "Senior Skip Day". In order to pull this feat off, Ferris enlists the help of his best friend Cameron Frye (Alan Ruck), who's home sick in bed. Together, they both cook up a scheme to get Ferris's girlfriend out of a boring history class, with both Ferris's school principal (Jeffrey Jones) and his sister Jeanie (Jennifer Grey) under heavy suspicion - both of whom are determined to catch Ferris with his pants down. While all this is happening, many comical moments occur in the unfolding, including a hilarious classroom scene with Ben Stein (in an early role) as a drone economics teacher (whom I personally would have loved to have had as an instructor during my high school years!), plus various other classic scenes and dialogue worthy of many a viewing.The secondary "star" of "FBDO", is a 1961 Ferrari GT, which gets quite a workout during much of the movie (although this big red machine's fate is a bit too much to mention). It's interesting to note that four Ferraris were used in the making of this outstanding motion picture.But, you may also ask yourself: "How was it that Ferris & Co. were able to visit all those landmark places in Chicago all in one day?" And what landmarks these venues are! First, our mischievous gang of merry gentlemen and one debonair lady take in the sights of our nation's third largest city high atop the tallest building in the world, the Sears Tower, then it's on to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange for an instant's insight into the trader's market, and on to a midday lunch break at a fancy French restaurant, where Ferris barely avoids meeting up with dear old Dad. After their midday respite, Ferris, Cameron and Sloane take in a Cubs game at historic Wrigley Field (before lights were installed for night games, a spectacle which truly made this ballpark a one-of-a-kind attraction, alongside its ivy-covered outfield walls). Finally, our gang pays a visit to the Art Institute of Chicago, where unique and stylistic works of physical, impressionistic structures await our unique band of "tourists".What occurs during and what follows this "field trip" is very pacey and classic comedy dialog, just like the outing around the city (including a must-see free-for-all "concert" and sing-along in one). Just watch Ferris's pursuing principal and his jealous sister TRY and catch him in the act. You'll ABSOLUTELY die laughing!"Ferris Bueller's Day Off" is another John Hughes written and directed masterpiece worthy of high praise. The master of teen flicks is clearly at the top of his game here. You DO NOT want to miss the closing credits as well. Just make sure "FBDO" is on your must-see, must-own list of important movie titles to add to your important video collection...and I mean RIGHT NOW!     