 Even though Chicago appeared to be heading toward its commercial phase with "Chicago V", it is still a fine album, nonetheless. The band is still just as tight and creative musically as ever under the eagle eye (and ear) of producer James William Guercio and the band's musically talented personnel. The album kicks off with a Terry Kath revved-up guitar interlude a la "Free Form Guitar" on the opening track "A Hit By Varese". The band harmonizes rather nicely on the barbershop quartet styled track "All Is Well". After a nice blues-tinged number titled "Now That You've Gone", the guys bare their soul musically in the Robert Lamm penned, socially conscious "Dialogue (Part I)", where the white boys do well in trying to sound black, including Kath's Ray Charles quality vocals. "Dialogue (Part II)" continues with Lamm's social consciousness, as stated in the lyrics "We can make it happen", "We can change the world now" and "We can save the children". Sounds a little too generalized, but you get the message. "Dialogue (Part II)" drifts off into a more jazzy direction as opposed to the tight, funky r & b rhythms prevalent in "Dialogue (Part I)", but at least the trademark brassy horns are there. All's quiet on the urban front in "While The City Sleeps", but, as soon as the horns kick in, it's party time! With all the excessively loud decibel levels, as sounded by the brass section in this track, perhaps a more appropriate title would be "Sorry We Awakened You". Ah, but you see, once that magnificent horn section heads into full steam, they just cannot stop! Peter Cetera's echoed vocal effect on the rockin' "State Of The Union" is a technological wonder for its time period (1972), and is quite awesome! "Goodbye" and "Alma Mater" round out the album on a rather sad and somber note, but fit the tone of this quasi-commercial array of songs very suitably. Since Robert Lamm wrote all except two songs on here (except "Now That You've Gone" and "Alma Mater", which were written by the late, great guitar wizard Terry Kath), perhaps an aptly named title would be something like "Robert Lamm's Opus" or "The Lion's Share Of The Lamm", that is, if you'd rather prefer that Chicago's catalog(ue) of titles be named and not numbered. Wait, they did that with "Hot Streets", also affectionately known as "Chicago XII". But, why spoil a good thing? Besides, the numbering system has absolutely worked wonders for this musically innovative institution. Plus, it looks great on an album cover, especially with Roman numerals. Although "Chicago V" is the group's initial foray into the pop music world, its stamp on this "genre" would not be fully cemented until the next few albums, that is, until (around) "Chicago X", when the sappy Cetera ballads began dominating Chicago's musical skyline. It is for that reason that die-hard fans of the band's early music should add "Chicago V" to their must-have CD collection(s), even though it is likely that this title will be in Chicago's catalog(ue) forever. Highly recommended for completists of Chicago's music, as well as for pop music fans, nonetheless.     