 In the words of guitar master Robert Fripp: "King Crimson once again reinvents itself. We have a new wheel." Hence, the wheel contained in this, "The ConstruKction of Light" rolls through quite smoothly, and without any noticeable "squeaks", either! Crimson has never rocked harder, a fact to which all eleven numbers will attest. Speaking of reinventing, Adrian Belew does just that with his often-refined vocal stylings, which come through loud and clear on the opening "ProzaKc Blues". It is the catatonically disturbing and heart-pulsatingly descriptive musicianship of master bassist Trey Gunn and all over the boards drummer Pat Mastelotto which adds to the dark and ominous tone to all the selections here. Belew's depressing lyrics add the finishing touch to the chillingly deceptive theme which runs throughout this "construKctive" masterwork. Upon hearing Mastelotto's stormy, cutting-edge drumming technique and Gunn's sweet-science bass playing, as  are strongpoints in one of the instrumentals featured in this "construKction", "Larks' Tongues In Aspic, Part IV", the question you'll ask yourself about the former is: "This guy was in Mr. Mister?!!?" Joining Crimson has matured Pat's musicianship, immensely. This is well documented into "Coda: I Have A Dream" as well, with Belew's garbled, fuzzy vocals wonderfully buried in the mix. Crimson shows they are not afraid to go out of the fire and "Into The Frying Pan" with spectacular and depth-defying precision. In summing up King Crimson's long history, which dates back to its humble beginnings to 1967, it is safe to say some of their works to a degree on paricular albums (ex: "In The Court of the Crimson King") are long-winded and hypnotically sleep-inducing (such as "The Dream and the Illusion" section of "Moonchild" from the above-listed title). None of these ingredients are contained in "The ConstruKction of Light", which makes for an eye and ear opening musical listening experience. Make this "...Oyster Soup, Kitchen Floor Wax Museum" odyssey your "pearl" by adding this "gem" to your essential (and concise) King Crimson collection today!     