 Upon Peter Gabriel's departure following "The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway" tour in 1975, the British press were predicting the death of Genesis, because they assumed Peter wrote everything, and therefore he WAS Genesis. The truth was that Gabriel wrote mostly all of the lyrics, while the rest of the music was composed by the other four members. After the smoke had cleared, Genesis was left a quartet, and therefore were determined to prove to the world Genesis were still the giants of the progressive rock scene, as well as make the British press eat their own words. And boy, did Phil Collins, Michael Rutherford, Tony Banks and Steve Hackett make the media eat those words, or what? The music on "A Trick of the Tail" will definitely attest to that fact. Even though Peter Gabriel may be gone from the band, his spirit is still etched in a majority of the selections here. The opening track, "Dance On A Volcano" gets "Trick..." moving in grand, artsy progressive fashion, and the progressive traits never let up through the entire CD. This is followed by the gorgeous Steve Hackett/Tony Banks composition "Entangled" - where Banks' mellotron intricacies and Hackett's signature guitar virtuosity lead the way. Then, it's on to the hard-hitting punch of "Squonk", perhaps the proggiest song on "ATOTT". This is where Collins' vocals are at their most harsh, which add a greater degree of character to this Banks/Rutherford composition. The desert swept nuances of "Mad Man Moon" close out the first half of "ATOTT", and it's on to the latter half. The beginning of the second half starts off with what is perhaps the weakest song on "Trick..." - the slightly "off-color" humor of "Robbery, Assault & Battery". The cops & robbers story featured here doesn't exactly grab my interest, thus, it lacks a characteristic which made Gabriel-era Genesis such a pleasure to listen to. Peter Gabriel brought such a unique air of wit and character depth to each individual role on record, that it breathed such life into the songs. Phil Collins, on the other hand, brings very little, if any, life to the charaterizations here and on "Wind & Wuthering", that they all sound very monotonous, thus sucking all the humor out of the otherwise witty story. Then, it is on to the other best song on the CD, the unpretentiously beautiful "Ripples". When listening to this track and "Entangled", it is easy to see how Steve Hackett's musical and (painfully few) lyrical contributions were important to the production of this album (including "Wind & Wuthering" to the same degree) and to Genesis as a unified whole. The title track is almost a sharp contrast to both of the above tracks, as it would sort of foreshadow the pop music that was in their future. "Los Endos" closes the CD with a thunderous bang, and is quite fusiony, featuring ballsy jazz/rock influences. Phil Collins would immediately explore this territory with Brand X - with which he would join upon the release of "ATOTT". As far as the remastered version of "Trick..." is concerned, the overall quality of sound is a drastic improvement, when compared to the first generation version. In the remastered edition, one can now hear the crispness of the mellotron, guitar and drum sounds, which all sounded fuzzy on the first generation British CD I own. Even Phil Collins' vocals on this "new and improved" version sound more strong and more muscular, a great improvement over his "mousey" style, as presented on the early CD. Even the texture contained within the CD booklet's contents is a 360 degree improvement. Whereas the older CD booklet contained black and white illustrations on a white background, the remastered CD booklet contains all color illustrations - brown figures on a goldenrod background, making it a virtual rainbow cornucopia. Now, with "A Trick of the Tail" completed, Genesis accomplished at least two major feats. One, they made "ATOTT" a huge seller, which outsold all prior Genesis releases up to that point. Two, they finally sent the critics and their narrow-minded viewpoints packing, letting them know that Genesis was here to stay. Athough this legendary band is now no more, their spirit has never left since. With that said, no progressive rock collection is complete without "A Trick of the Tail" and the group's follow up "Wind & Wuthering" added to your classic Genesis collection.     