 Ah, the joys of turning sixteen: Your first car (coupled with getting your driver's license), your first serious crush, homecoming, etc.. Although the above-mentioned perks make turning this all-important age worthwhile, just imagine your probable surprise when your entire family suddenly forgets your sixteenth birthday. One's 16th birthday may seem like a dream come true for the majority of teenagers out there, but for Samantha (Molly Ringwald), reaching this pivotal age in her life has become a total nightmare. That, along with a Chinese foreign exchange student living in her family's house doesn't make things any easier for our red-headed damsel in distress. The real kicker is when an annoying teenaged geek (Anthony Michael Hall) enters Samantha's trying life. This fellow simply known as "The Geek" just doesn't know when to quit, as he tries attempt after hard-luck attempt to get Samantha to notice him. In his rather fragile attempts to gain Sam's attention, our desparate "geek" does everything in his power to get her to attend the school dance, but "The Geek"'s plans fall on deaf ears. Sam has her sights set on the most popular guy in school, who, in turn, has other "babes" at his beckoned call as well. Although "Sixteen Candles" is a teenage coming of age film both written and directed by teen film impresario John Hughes, one would expect this to be both a comedy and a drama, but "SC" contains more of the latter than of the former. It still retains a grand heap of delightful Hughesian charm, nevertheless. Hughes would take that style of charm to the next level with his "The Breakfast Club", which truly made superstars out of both Ringwald and Hall (including the rest of the "Brat Pack" cast not mentioned). But, before both these above-noted actors joined this exclusive "Club", they really paid their dues with "Sixteen Candles", where both Molly Ringwald and Anthony Michael Hall cut their teeth quite sharply before moving on to future work, including a stop at an exclusive "Club", as mentioned previously. "Sixteen Candles" is definitely one for the ultimate John Hughes viewing experience, and all a wonderful thrill to see and hear (including other Hughes flicks such as "The Breakfast Club", "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", "Planes, Trains and Automobiles", and more) for yourself! Live this experience today!     