 Ever since my previous review of "Invisible Touch", I've had to rethink my stance on this technological wonder of sound for a number of reasons. I stated in my last review of this album that it was a little too "techno-popish" to suit my musical tastes, which are quite varied. OK, I know two-thirds of the songs on "Invisible Touch" are overly-synthesized, commercially-oriented pop ballads, but what many Genesis Phil Collins era bashers fail to realize is that while groups in the early '80's, such as Styx and REO Speedwagon, practically invented the power ballad, it took Genesis to reinvent it - thus putting a unique and creative spin on it that only Genesis is capable of creating. This group may have put out several mushy ballads time and again under Collins' direction, but the unique and various musical stylings brought forth by Collins, Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks more than make up for these sometimes sappy lyrics. To put it another way, Genesis worst compositions are many, many times better when compared with the musical and lyrical body of several other musical groups best works. In judging the artistic merits of the songs featured on "Invisible Touch", for the most part, this is a well-laid out album throughout many tracks, except there are instances where certain musical influences of certain tracks by the artists are overshadowed. Take, for instance, Mike Rutherford's guitar work on more progressive tracks such as "The Last Domino" and the title track", which is drowned out by Tony Banks' up-tempo, hard-driven synthesizer work, and is therefore the only thing that makes "Invisible Touch" invisible, although Banks' work is outstanding here, as usual. The nearly nine minute non-single version of "Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" is a real treat to the ears, particularly the instrumental sections. Although many Peter Gabriel-era Genesis fans are usually keen on bashing virtually anything of the Phil Collins-era Genesis, particularly this album, perhaps they should give "Invisible Touch" a few listens, especially "Anything She Does", "The Last Domino" and "The Brazilian". These fans will then come to realize that Genesis didn't completely abandon their progressive roots. Maybe then the Gabrielists will give the Collins era its due, and will take much of the entire Genesis catalogue at "Face Value" (sorry Phil, no pun intended!). While they're at it, the Gabrielites should also give "...And Then There Were Three...", "Duke", "Dodo/Lurker" from "Abacab" and the self-titled "Genesis" (a.k.a. "Shapes") CD's adequate listens as well, for the progressive tracks on these albums very well stand up to virtually anything from the Gabriel era. Don't get me wrong. I, too, generally prefer the Gabriel-era Genesis over the Phil Collins-era Genesis, most likely because of the early Genesis era musical as well as lyrical stylings. By comparison, "Invisible Touch" seems outdated when compared to today's musical standards, with its '80's synthesizer and electronic drum effects, but that's beside the point when you consider Genesis' major contributions to the music industry, which lasted for nearly thirty years. That, combined with the fact that this remarkably talented group of individuals always had a fresh batch of musical ideas in their creative well, no matter who was involved with the group. Even the most die-hard Genesis fan has to wonder whether or not that well will be operative again in the near future. One can only wait and hope. Until then, if you haven't had the opportunity to include "Invisible Touch" in your all-important CD collection, you better do it soon before it becomes a missed opportunity at that.     