 Since the first review I wrote on "Planes, Trains And Automobiles" didn't do this one-of-a-kind comedy classic (directed by John Hughes and stars John Candy and Steve Martin) justice, I thought I'd try and outdo myself and write a better review. Needless to say, "P,T&A" has to be John Candy's best and most remembered film of this late, great comic actor's career. The film starts out with an advertising executive named Neal Page (Martin), who is desperately trying to get out of New York City in order to make it home to Chicago for Thanksgiving. After failing to catch a taxi on the first try from a cab racer (Kevin Bacon), Neal is having to bargain to pay to get a cab from a scrupulous attorney, while at the same time, someone is getting in Neal's cab. After having paid for the taxi, the cab pulls away without Mr. Page, so he mercilessly runs after it in the middle of traffic! When he attempts to open the cab door, he briefly sees the man who stole his cab before it speeds away, who happens to be none other than our beloved shower curtain ring salesman Del Griffith (Candy)! The two later meet at the airport, and Del, at first after having denied stealing the taxi, apologized to Neal for taking his cab. Then, as if Neal Page doesn't already have enough problems, he finds out he's been bumped from first class and is placed in coach in the seat next to, you guessed it, Del Griffith! As fate would have it, our enemies-turned-friends-turned-enemies- turned-friends would be tied together throughout much of the movie. By utilizing every means of transportation possible, our boys take a plane, then a train, then a bus, then a car, then a semi (and if you count the el-train and a truck in between) to try and get home to Neal's family in time for turkey. The entire journey took an eternity (two days) but what the hell, THEY DID GET HOME. Aside from the transportation, this movie has many hilarious scenes in between, such as the motel scene, the car-rental counter tirade (WARNING:EXPLICIT LANGUAGE), the burned up, charred automobile, etc. Don't forget the comical lines, which you'll have to hear for yourself. You'll need to have the Kleenex handy for the ending, so make sure you have an ample supply on hand! Whenever I watch this film, I am usually left with a deep void in my life because of the fact John Candy is no longer with us. I only hope that one day I'll meet my Del Griffith in the same circumstances and we'll become best friends in the end. We all need a Del Griffith in our life. If you're unable to find your real-life model, then don't despair. Order your copy of "Planes, Trains And Automobiles" today! It'll make you a HUGE John Candy fan if you aren't already. Happy viewing!     