 King Crimson has released some spectacularly crafted and musically insightful masterworks throughout their lengthy career, especially their 1960's and '70's output. After ending the latter decade with the explosive "Red", Robert Fripp decided to retire Crimson, feeling the band went as far as it could go creatively as well as musically. In 1981, Fripp reformed King Crimson once again - replacing lead vocalist and bassist John Wetton with Adrian Belew (guitar and lead vocals) and Tony Levin (stick, bass synth). Only Fripp (guitar and Frippertronics) and Bill Bruford (percussion) returned from the previous lineup. The latter four musicians released "Discipline" in 1981. In 1982, Belew, Fripp, Levin and Bruford released their second record together, "Beat". All previous Crimson lineups prior to this one (and afterward) were always known for churning out innovative melodies, combined with an over the top musical craftsmanship, all performed on a highly professional musical level. Unfortunately, there's very little of the above qualities displayed on "Beat". Most of the selections here are nothing more than cheesy, half-baked attempts at "stylish" new wave and synthesized pop. Add to what little "Beat" has already going for it, are the lion's share of the trite, aimless lyrics written by Belew, which, for the most part, can be written by your average preschooler. In fact, a majority of preschoolers can write more insightful lyrics than these. The only track that has any noteworthy semblance of strength in the "Creative Writing 101, Inc", Dept., is the descriptive "Neurotica". If there is even the slightest notion to include "Beat" to your "essential" CD collection, it is the two instrumentals "Sartori In Tangier" and "Requiem", although on Crimson's next release, "Three of a Perfect Pair", "Nuages (That Which Passes, Passes Like Clouds)" and "Industry" are stronger instrumentals, both of which feature strong stick and bass playing and knock 'em dead percussives, both supplied to the nth degree by Levin and Bruford, respectively. As for the musicianship on "Beat", the star player here is Tony Levin, who shows the most depth of the four musically, with the other three basically phoning in their licks - which, for the most part, are blatantly repetitive and lack focus. This says a lot for both Fripp and Bruford, who are usually superior musicians in their own right - except on "Beat", when compared to most other Crimson works falls flat on its face both musically and lyrically. Unless you're a die-hard Crimson fan, I'd strongly recommend leaving "Beat" out of your all-important CD collection. But, if you must have it, purchase it for the two instrumentals mentioned above, and for the CD booklet's pictures and newspaper articles. Otherwise, "Beat" leaves no lasting impression.     