 A few years after Gerry Rafferty scored two major and minor hits with "Stuck In The Middle With You" (1973) and "Star" (1974), as one-half of the Scottish musical duo Stealers Wheel, with Joe Egan, Rafferty went on to a moderately successful solo career overall (although he cut an inauspicious [solo] album prior to co-forming SW, the 1971 release "Can I Have My Money Back"). Most of his stateside successes came in the early part of his career, between 1977 and 1980. Gerry's biggest selling album of his career, the 1978 release "City To City", has a good representation amongst all the selections featured on "Right Down The Line: The Best Of Gerry Rafferty". Sax impresario Raphael Ravenscroft delivers a powerful solo on "Baker Street", which is the key ingredient that makes this selection really stand up and take notice. The other "City To City" hit singles - the major single "Right Down The Line" and the minor hit "Whatever's Written In Your Heart" are also worthy of praise, with the blues-like hooks of "RDTL" and the gospel embracings of "WWIYH". But, the marvelously composed standout tracks don't stop there, as "Right Down The Line..." also contains some up-tempo goodies as well - "Sleepwalking", which has some heart pulsating rhythms, although the lyrics are somewhat on the cheesy side, with both "Shipyard Town" and "A Dangerous Age" being somewhat authenticated with a Scottish/Keltic musical influence. Raphael Ravenscroft also appears on another track, "Bring It All Home", which has a bit of a barroom blues feel to it, with that sassy saxophone interspersed throughout. There's a nice, introspective soul-searching composition that appears on this best of compilation as well, titled "The Right Moment" - possibly the most overlooked hidden gem on this collection, and has a nice, melancholy ring to it, in both musical and lyrical areas. "The Garden Of England" has its strange and bewildering moments, but fits in here somehow, nevertheless. All in all, there's not one bad song on here, but there could have been some improvements, such as the record company could and should have included Rafferty's more noteworthy hits "Home And Dry" (also from "City To City") and "Days Gone Down", which would have solidified a five-star review. "Right Down The Line: The Best Of Gerry Rafferty" is still an outstanding body of compositional works, and thus belongs in every serious fan's CD library, Gerry Rafferty fan or not.     