 Although "Live & Well" is a rather unique and dynamic work of art which contains ten tracks, it's actually two sides in one...no, make that two ALBUMS in one, being that the first five selections make up the "Live" part, while the latter half of this disc features studio cuts - the "Well" half. There's no comparing or contrasting both halves of this CD, as the live material and the studio material compliment each other quite nicely, and without any major flaws, too. The only minor flaw on the studio tracks which feature blues legend Al Kooper on piano, is his playing, although quite masterful, comes across as being barely audible for the most part. Kooper's piano digitry is somewhat drowned out by the heavy-bottom bass playing featured here, which is why a remastered version of "Live & Well" is so desperately needed, complete with bonus tracks. As for the upstanding compositions on display here, B.B. King is up to his usual guitar playing virtuosity, especially on the "Live" versions of "Don't Answer The Door" and "Sweet Little Angel". The lone "Live" instrumental, "My Mood", contains lots of soul-searching, power-driven down-to-earth chords. The studio tracks have a lot to offer as well. "The King of the Blues" really "Gets Down To Business", as he provides some down-home primo licks on the effervescent "I Want You So Bad", the utterly demanding "Get Off My Back Woman", as well as on the "run the gamut-like" studio instrumental "Friends". But, it is on "Why I Sing The Blues", where B.B. really cuts to the chase, as he gives his fans a major clue as to why he's in the business of performing in the first place (besides his mastery and his love of his "girl" Lucille). Besides the work of Al Kooper on the studio-based "Well" selections, Hugh McCracken provides some top-notch guitar licks as well. It is due to the musical talents which come to the forefront in grand form on "Live & Well", that makes it a must-have, must own CD, and is one title that every B.B. King fan definitely needs to add to their collection - no ifs, ands or buts about it!!!     