 I recently took a brief one-week sojourn to The Great White North, aka "Canada". Upon picking up some souvenirs, I was browsing in an arts-and-crafts type souvenir shop in Edmonton, and I saw this video and decided to buy it. Needless to say, when I returned home from my vacation, I popped this tape in my VCR. Upon first viewing "Destination Canada", I thought it was an informative and picturesque documentary about the people, culture, and destinations of Canada. There's just one, well, actually a few problems: the thing is just TOO DAMN SHORT-only less than 60 minutes long! There's much more to see and do in this country than meets the eye here. Only Canada's top attractions and events are spotlighted in this "documentary". The narrator gives only a brief discription of Canada's provinces and territories, and gives very little, yet limited insight on its people and customs. To top it off, very little, if anything, is mentioned about the contributions of this great country and its inhabitants, such as the French and their role in shaping the province of Quebec, how the RCMP was established (including a tour of the RCMP museum in Regina, Saskatchewan), in-depth analysis of Pile 'O Bones (Saskatchewan), Dinosaur Provincial Park and a detailed description of the Calgary Stampede (both in Alberta) and its history. A parliamentary history and structure of Canada's role in government in the capital city of Ottawa could have been elaborated upon further as well. Don't forget about a major role the English played in helping shape this great country as well. I would've especially liked to have known more about how the English played a role in British Columbia, let alone how that province got its name. What's more that could have been added was information about Canada's professional sports teams, so the sports-minded vacationer, such as myself, could know what to look for should s/he decide to take in a game or two. We can't forget about those magnificent Rocky Mountains, can we? The company who made this feature should have had the foresight to include an extra hour. Even though this video gives only a brief introduction to the Rockies, there is a video from the same company that's solely about those breathtaking mountains and its attractions. Still, this is a brief, interesting look at Canada from a traveller's point of view. Although this one would be nice to have in your travel library, I'm positively sure there are other (travel) documentaries that are much more informative, and for less money (at least for less than I   shelled out for this video at the souvenir shop, anyway). Pass on this one, folks, unless you like your "documentary/vacation" videos short and sweet!     