 One listen to "The Best Of The Oak Ridge Boys - The Millennium Collection" will have you immediately hooked on the material, even if you aren't a fan of country music. What endeared many a fan to this legendary quartet is their unique brand of interwoven, finely homogenized blend of vocalization. Perhaps you could call the Oaks' the "Mamas and the Papas" or the "Three Dog Night" of country music. In this collection, you get eleven of their best known country tunes, plus the Oaks one and only crossover country-pop smash "Elvira", which features Richard Sterban's trademark bass vocals. I couldn't sing that low if my life depended on it!  The saxophone playing in "Bobbie Sue" is reminiscent of The Coasters "Charlie Brown", which gives this track a jazzy-bluesy sort of quality. My favorite tracks in this collection would have to be "I Wish You Could Have Turned My Head (And Left My Heart Alone)", "American Made" (which was later revamped and used in a  popular beer commercial), "Trying To Love Two Women", "Fancy Free" and "Make My Life With You". The other tracks featured in this greatest hits collection are worth the money as well, so you'll derive great listening pleasure, as well as get more than what you pay for with this one of a kind body of work from one of country music's biggest legends. This could be a five star review, had MCA included the Oaks' two most endearing favorites "Thank God For Kids" and "Everyday", but MCA sort of dropped the ball on this one. Although The Oak Ridge Boys have enjoyed a rather fruitful career over the years, perhaps their most notorious act was when Joe Bonsall, Duane Allen and Richard Sterban dismissed fellow longtime member William Lee Golden in the mid-'80's for refusing to shave off his trademark shepherd-like, salt and pepper beard. C'mon guys, that's like asking Alex Trebek to do away with his "flavor saver", or even asking Kenny Rogers to  shave off all his facial hair! The group then replaced Golden with a dark haired guy with no facial hair, who, in photographs looked so out of place in this band. By the time the '90's rolled around, Golden was later back with The Oak Ridge Boys, but the group failed to recapture their late '70's/early '80's chart success. This Millennium Collection CD belongs in every country music/Oaks' fan's, and in some cases, pop music fan's CD library. You better not wait too long, because "The Best Of The Oak Ridge Boys - The Millennium Collection" might not be around for the next millennium! As they say down South, "Ya better git while the gittin's good!" In English, that means "Order yours today (while supplies last)!"     