 Searching through the rock 'n roll/pop/Top 40 vaults high and low, Boston-based disc jockey Barry Scott comes up with some hard-to-find mostly 1980's singles gems, although some selections on this introductory volume of "The Lost 45's" series are average compositions at best. The cream of these fourteen songs are "Moonlight Feels Right" (Starbuck), "Love's Grown Deep" (Kenny Nolan), "Modern Day Delilah" (Van Stephenson), "Him" (Rupert Holmes) and "More Than Just The Two Of Us" (Sneaker). But, the most stellar track of all, would have to belong to Tony Carey, with the upstanding mild rocker "A Fine Fine Day", which saw frequent video airplay on MTV during its popularity in "The Big '80's". The former two selections mentioned above are the only seventies tracks featured in this fairly above-average compilation of Top 40 treats, including Tycoon's "Such A Woman" (another '70's "classic"). As stated previously, the other half of this disc contains mostly average songs, with the exception of both the gawdy, oversynthesized "The Safety Dance" (Men Without Hats) and "Find Another Fool" (Quarterflash). Steel Breeze frontman Ric Jacobs vocalizes a Rick Springfield-styled performance in the fast-paced "You Don't Want Me Anymore". The other average songs on "The Lost 45's", are flavored with some nice, seasoned meaty, bouncy beats, courtesy of Eric Carmen's "I Wanna Hear It From Your Lips" and Balance's "Breaking Away", among others. But, like its sister companion (Vol. 2), this first one contains at least one or two poor efforts - those being the overrepetitive, tiresome "My Girl (Gone, Gone, Gone)" (Chilliwack) and the somewhat...annoying "The Safety Dance". Even though Barry tried really hard to come up with some worthwhile selections here, he should be given utmost credit in locating the few non-synthesized '80's hits which were produced during that decade - one that was perhaps one of the worst, along with the '90's, as far as music quality and influences from other earlier more noteworthy artists (ex: Bob Dylan, The Beatles, etc.) are concerned. Barry Scott did manage to redeem himself on Vol. 2 of "The Lost 45's" - a collection which features one third more songs, and more premium selections at that. If there is to be a Vol. 3 in this series, hopefully Mr. Scott will come off the success of Vol. 2 on a positive note, and include some potential hits that narrowly missed the Top 40, such as Mac McAnally's "Minimum Love" (#41, 1983), as well as another forgotten lost gem that made the Top 20, the Greg Guidry hit "Goin' Down" (#17, 1982). Until Vol. 3 is released, plenty of mileage will have to be had out of Vols. 1 and 2, although it is highly recommended to make "Vol. 2" of this essential series your first purchase before shelling out more money for mostly mediocre songs, although it is worth it for the price of the handful of delights featured in this introductory disc. Keep these lost treasures coming Barry, and whatever you do, please don't stop!     