 John Candy stars in a semi-dramatic role as Irv Blitzer, coach of the Jamaican Bobsled Team in "Cool Runnings". Doug E. Doug and Malik Yoba offer fine supporting roles as well, as Blitzer's hard to teach pupils about the complex winter sport of bobsledding. In order to pull this feat off, an at first reluctant Coach Blitzer must mold his Jamaican recruits by teaching them the basics of the sport. The results start out rather rockily, for the rugged, tropical Jamaican landscape has absolutely nothing to offer in the form of snow, cold and ice, which would allow these first time bumbling Olympic athletic hopefuls to gain some further insight on how to better prepare themselves for the tough road ahead. The hilly Jamaican terrain would soon serve a purpose here, as the sport of bobsledding requires much agility and speed necessary to navigate the many curves and slopes throughout the course. But, in order for these athletic hopefuls to accomplish their goal, they need to raise money for the trip to Canada and the 1988 Winter Olympic Games. Despite the necessary coddling courtesy of Coach Blitzer, who is unable to borrow the $20.000 from the local Olympic Committee that is needed to send the troops to Calgary. On to Plan B, where our future Olympic hopefuls attempt to raise the money on their own through donations, but are only able to scrape up less than $1000, well short of the money needed for the trip. Plan C turns out to be the charm, as one of the athletes, named Junior, receives a cash loan (obtained by him through a small white lie) from his wealthy father (who wholeheartedly objects to his son's amateurish career choice), plus Junior having to sell his car to cover the remaining cost of the trip. Now, the wheels are set in motion. As soon as the boys and their coach arrive in Calgary, they receive a rather harsh greeting, courtesy of the harsh, bitterly cold winter weather. Sanka Coffie (Doug E. Doug), Yul Brenner (Malik Yoba), Junior Bevil (Rawle D. Lewis) and Derice Bannock (Leon), are having great difficulty in adjusting to their new winter environment, while Coach Blitzer seems to feel at home in the whitewash (he ought to, being that John Candy's Canadian! - although in the film he's from the U.S., kinda ironic, huh?). Blitzer sees to it that his boys are not affected by the negative surroundings, not to mention the harsh reception by everyone from the International Olympic Committee to the other athletes. The coach gives the guys a strict training regimen to better prepare them for their qualifying run, which got off to a shaky start, eventually being the laughingstock of the Olympic Games. Well, as they say, practice makes perfect, as Coach Blitzer & Co. are off to try their nighttime practice qualifying run again, this time coming ever so closely to the one minute official qualifying time limit, but fall just short at finishing with a time of one minute, two seconds. The third time would be the charm, however, as the crew finished their final practice run before the real Olympic competition, finishing at under 1 minute (59.46 seconds, to be precise). Now, it's on to the real trials, where the Jamaicans come out of the gate slowly and unsurely, thus continually being mocked at by their adversaries. Coach Blitzer is proud of his team, nonetheless, so the guys go out and celebrate their somewhat major accomplishment, as a result of their second Olympic run. There's still more work to do, however, before the Jamaicans' third and final run, which is a must see. Many a viewer of "Cool Runnings", will be both happy and heartbroken upon seeing the spellbinding ending, which will teach chidren a very important life lesson and instill confidence in them at the same time. Adults will like it for many of the same reasons, including the harsh Canadian environs in which "Cool Runnings" was filmed. The warm stylings of the reggae music are also a perfect compliment to both the Jamaican and Canadian environs, as well as to the film's soundtrack. With the fact that this is also one of John Candy's final films, makes this feature a must see, must buy for the entire family. Don't miss out!     