 "St. Elmo's Fire" takes somewhat of a surrealist look into the lives of seven friends' post-collegiate experiences. Although the personal and social lives of these seven individuals feature some storybook personas, there's still some very realistic scenes neatly contained within certain happy-go-lucky career-oriented sequences this film conveys, such as the case of Judd Nelson's charater's political aspirations of switching parties from Democratic to Republican, seeing as how it was the 1980's thing to do, but hey, whatever makes him happy. Another such "happy-go-lucky" scenario featured here is Emilio Estevez's character's desire to be that of an "errand boy" type, working for a hot shot businessman while getting his own chauffeur, all the while not having to lift a finger. What makes this scenario more fantasy-based than anything is seeing as how and why a recent college graduate with a law degree would rather opt at being a gopher for some rich guy instead of starting his own law practice, where he could make limitless amounts of money. Beats me. Aside from the fantasy-based scenes, there are plenty of dramatic hooks that make "St. Elmo's Fire" worth viewing, such as the different characters dealing with other career decisions and loves lost (and regained). All the main performers' acting is top-notch, especially Demi Moore's (in an early film role). Moore has a scene where she's featured virtually by herself, which will bring a tear or two to the eye. Andrew McCarthy, Ally Sheedy, Mare Winningham and Rob Lowe deserve many kudos for their fine performances here as well. Since this is a feature which stars much of "The Brat Pack" cast, including the degree of  "teenage-like" angst and socio-political views prominently displayed in the storyline, one would think this is a John Hughes written and directed film, but it isn't. "St. Elmo's Fire" (at least) was directed by Joel Schumacher, although Hughesian themes run rampant throughout much of this movie, as mentioned in the prior sentence. Even Molly Ringwald could have had a place all her own here (why she wasn't included in the cast remains a rather profound mystery to me!). All of the scenes, whether realistic or not, were well written and well thought out, which make "St. Elmo's Fire" a motion picture worthy of adding to your video library today! Even the soundtrack is an essential must-own as well (featuring cuts from John Parr, David Foster, Jon Anderson and others)!     