 Question: What do you get when you combine classical music with a Victorian edge and progressive rock? Why, you get one of the most brilliant pieces of musical geniusness ever put on record! The result is "The Myths and Legends of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table", by one of (progressive) rock's most gifted keyboardists - Rick Wakeman. A rather quaint, well versed British-esque narrative sets the tone of "Arthur" in grand fashion. The rather brief "Lady Of The Lake", the lengthy "Merlin The Magician" and the timely adequate "Sir Galahad, all display the same introductory Victorian choir chant and piano stylings. "Guinevere", "Sir Lancelot And The Black Knight" and "The Last Battle" each display a unique pattern of progressivism, which is a perfect compliment to the Victorian-styled classical music and Shakespearean themes etched throughout this CD. If you like these four titles by Genesis: "Trespass", "Nursery Cryme", "Selling England By The Pound" and "A Trick Of The Tail", then you'll most likely enjoy "Myths and Legends..." Of the four above mentioned titles, "Selling England" would make the best companion CD to "Myths", due to its' very British lyrical and musical nature. The shock value of "Myths" will be surprising to many Yes fans, because the progressive chords featured on it don't sound anything like the typically progressive instincts provided by Yes, of which Rick Wakeman was a member during the early and late '70's, and also during the early '90's on the group's '91 release "Union". Also, another perfect companion CD to "Myths" would be the Yes solo compilation title "Affirmative: The Yes Solo Family Album", which features two Wakeman tracks, the above mentioned "Merlin The Magician" and "Catherine Howard", with the latter track also featured on another of Rick's solo efforts, titled "The Six Wives Of Henry VIII". "The musical theme of "Catherine Howard" would have fit in with the other songs on "Myths and Legends.." as well. Since it is very rare to hear such exceptional musical genius really shine through on "Myths", by no means should any hardcore fan of progressive rock, or in some cases, classical music, be without this title in their must have CD collection(s). A rare find, to say the least.     