 Feeling stifled creatively with Genesis, drummer Phil Collins felt he needed to take his musical skills to another level. Collins, along with guitarist John Goodsall (of the Average White Band), bassist Percy Jones and keyboardist Robin Lumley, formed Brand X in 1976. In this collection, with its correct title being "Brand X - A History: 1976-1980", these four musicians really sew their wild, jazz- oriented musical notes, with a little progressive rock musings interwoven into the jazzy rhythms. Phil Collins' display of drumming is featured in the first six of the ten total instrumental tracks here. His pattern and technique is slightly different from the chops he displayed as a member of Genesis in this same time period. Here, Phil's stylings are more shifted toward a jazz-oriented style of playing, as jazz is Collins' most favorite genre of music at which he is very well adept, including being well honed in progressive rock too, of course. The opening tracks, "Nuclear Burn" and "Born Ugly", display both a jazzy-bluesy side of Brand X, while the tracks "Why Should I Lend You Mine (When You've Broken Yours Off Already?)" and "Sun In The Night" feature a smooth jazz feel. Collins sings a chorus-like vocal in the middle of the latter track, with the former number also written by Phil. Upon hearing the live track "Isis Mourning Part 2" (written by Mr, Collins as well), one will notice that it sounds more like it was recorded in the studio, with an audience coda tacked on the end, but that isn't the case here. An outstanding live number, to say the least. Then, we move into the non-Collins tracks featured in this wonderful set, where, briefly Chuck Burghi, then Mike Clarke handle the drumming duties for the remainder of Brand X's tenure (although Collins would generally perform on a few tracks of the band's subsequent albums while also continuing to perform as a member of Genesis). The first three in this latter set (The Poke, Dance Of The Illegal Alien and Pool Room Blues), sort of harken back to the funky side, as featured in the CD's first two tracks, although I wish "Pool Room Blues" had been extended a little longer, with its infectious funky-jazzy grooves and all. The finale, "Cambodia", has a rockier edge to it, which shows another side of the talents of these fine, well-schooled musicians. It isn't often you hear a jazz group with progressive pizazz, which is why the most diehard fan of either jazz or progressive rock should pick up a copy of "Brand X - A History: 1976-1980" as soon as possible, before it definitely becomes a part of history!     