 "But Seriously..." is definitely Phil Collins' best solo album, and features good pop-music material in songs like "Do You Remember?", "I Wish It Would Rain Down", "Something Happened On The Way To Heaven", "Heat On The Street" and "Another Day In Paradise", with the latter track emphasizing PC's humanitarian side in aiding the homeless. This side of Phil is also heard in "Colours", which deals with the famine in Africa. In fact, during Collins' 1990 American Tour, which was sponsored by Sears, he donated a portion of the proceeds from his concerts to agencies and charities that support the homeless. There are also some positive, feel-good vibes generated in "Hang In Long Enough" and in the jazzy "Saturday Night And Sunday Morning". You will find much thought-provoking insight displayed in the tracks "That's Just The Way It Is" and "Find A Way To My Heart", with its zenith, space-age-like opening and closing. Equally touching is the heartfelt joy and melancholy side found in "Father To Son". An added bonus to this CD are the wonderful musical talents of David Crosby, who sings backing vocals on "Paradise", and provides some guitar work on the CD as well, and Stephen Bishop, who also sings backing vocals on this CD, as well as on other Phil Collins albums/CD's. Bishop also sang on his own hit songs "On And On", "Save It For A Rainy Day" and "It Might Be You", from the motion picture "Tootsie" starring Dustin Hoffman. "But Seriously..." is a socially conscious statement in and of itself, which makes it a must-have CD. Phil Collins would re-emerge two years later with Genesis, with what would appear to be his final album with that legendary rock group. He left Genesis in 1996 after a quarter of a century with the group. But, according to the latest news out of the Genesis camp, PC has apparently re-joined with Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford. What would be even better is if Peter Gabriel and Steve Hackett joined them and harkened back to the "original" classic Genesis lineup. Oh, would that just make my day! Let's keep our fingers crossed, and hope all this comes to fruition. Stay Tuned!     