 "Child Is Father To The Man", Blood, Sweat & Tears' first album, delves into the band's flirtation with jazz and rock influences. When B,S&T combines both musical styles into one, it is pure, unaulterated sheer magic. "CIFTTM" does not fail to disappoint, as lead singer Al Kooper's vocals homogenize rather nicely with the avant jazzy rock rhythms. Mr. Kooper's most noteworthy vocal stylings can be heard in the tracks "I Love You More Than You'll Ever Know", "My Days Are Numbered" and "I Can't Quit Her". Al also bares his soul in the tracks "Just One Smile" and "So Much Love". Steve Katz also contributes a few lead vocals on this freshman effort as well, which are featured in the tracks "Morning Glory" and "Meagan's Gypsy Eyes". It is on the former selection where certain chords from this track would eventually be lent to B,S&T's first hit in the David Clayton-Thomas era: "You've Made Me So Very Happy", from the band's second album. The latter track features hints of the psychedelic-rock era. It is obvious B,S&T had to keep up with the times, so they included a psychedelic selection here. The band seems to be enjoying themselves in the free-for-all-like romp provided in "House In The Country", while they seem to be getting down to brass tacks in the intellectually charming "The Modern Adventures Of Plato, Diogenes And Freud". B,S&T invites you to attend "Club Jazz" for a rambling rendition of "Without Her", as provided by the delightfully talented Al Kooper (formerly of The Blues Project, along with Steve Katz). Now, did you think for one moment B,S&T took this entire project seriously? You won't think likewise when you hear the group clown around in "Overture", where there's definitely "Somethin' Goin' On" with all that maniacal laughter! That's something the Clayton-Thomas era B,S&T wouldn't put up with, as that group made entertainingly serious, in your face music. Had it not been for "Child Is Father To The Man" (which is quite comparable to anything in the DCT era), however, B,S&T might not have gotten off the ground. Due to creative differences with the other bandmates, Al Kooper and a few other members left B,S&T immediately after this album (although Kooper would later return  as a consultant on "B,S&T 4"). Many fans knew what happened next in the DCT era of B,S&T, so no explanation is necessary, other than a few personnel changes, as mentioned above. Due to the fact that Al Kooper played a large part in developing B,S&T's sound and success, by no means should any hardcore fan of this group exclude "CIFTTM" from their CD library. Buy it now before it becomes a part of history.     