 "Ray Parker Jr. Greatest Hits" is an outstanding collection, which chronicles the former session musician's career, both as a founding member of Raydio and as a solo artist. As almost all the songs will attest, Ray is more than just "Ghostbusters", which should be pointed out that Ray took a lot of heat with this monster hit, in that its' lead guitar riff is somewhat reminiscent of Huey Lewis & The News' "I Want A New Drug". These two songs shouldn't be compared to each other at all, for one doesn't really sound like the other when it comes to musical versatility. On to the other stellar compositions as featured in this collection. The upstart "Jack And Jill" is a cute adaptation of the classic nursery rhyme, which features solid instrumentation from the band, not to mention some ultra-sonic keyboard playing and soaring lead guitar majestics, courtesy of Parker. The other "Raydio" hits, "You Can't Change That", "Two Places At The Same Time", "A Woman Needs Love" and "That Old Song" are stand-up compositions as well, and these posess many bittersweet qualities, especially "You Can't Change That" - with its' bouncy, frolicky instrumentation and tender, playful lyrics and in "That Old Song", complete with references of yesteryear just brimming with nostalgia. "Two Places At The Same Time" demonstrates Parker's ability to make a ballad into a lyrical piece of art, and he drives the point home with a sensual vocal precision. "A Woman Needs Love" provides an insightul look into the "man vs. woman" crescendo, with a "two can play at this game" mentality. After a successful stint with Raydio, it was now time for Ray to take flight with an equally successful solo career, which got off to a flying start with the smash hit "The Other Woman". This was followed up with more successful singles: "Ghostbusters" (from the blockbuster motion picture, of course), "I Still Can't Get Over Loving You" and the synthesizer-heavy "Jamie", to name others. Smooth instrumental jams are contained in the wonderful "For Those Who Like To Groove", as Ray and Raydio are right on the money with this one. It's unusual that a holiday track would be found in a collection of regular songs, but that is the case with the joyous "Christmas Time Is Here". Almost all the songs in this well-put-together collection of Ray Parker, Jr. favorites are worthy of repeated listens, with the exception of "Jamie", which may be too synthesizer-heavy to suit some people (myself included), although there are certain people who might get some enjoyment from it. Overall, with "Ray Parker Jr. Greatest Hits", the "Raydio" man really did himself and his legions of fans proud, and is thus worthy of being in every music fan's CD library, whether they are a fan of contemporary rock or soul.     