 "Rudy" - the 1993 blockbuster starring Sean Astin in the title role, is one motion picture that reminds us no goal or obstacle is too big or too small to be accomplished successfully, if one is willing to persevere through all hardships. "Rudy" gets this message across to the viewer quite well, and with no major stumbling blocks or any errors, for that matter. Determined to defy all those who doubt his dream of playing football at the University of Notre Dame, Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger sets off for South Bend, Indiana with a duffle bag filled with hopes and a bus ticket. Once arriving at his intended destination, he is met by a caring Catholic priest (Robert Prosky), who sees Rudy's heart and desire, and is determined to help this young man accomplish his goal. A timeline is established, where Rudy must maintain a respectable grade point average at Holy Cross Junior College in a year's time. If grades are successfully met, he'll be one step closer to realizing his dream of both playing football for the Fighting Irish, thus gaining admission into Notre Dame. Adding a bit more meat and potatoes to "Rudy"'s storyline, are fine, upstanding, believable performances from Ned Beatty (as Rudy's father), Scott Benjaminson (as Rudy's doubting Thomas brother), Lili Taylor (as Rudy's girlfriend) and Jason Miller (as legendary ND coach Ara Parseghian). Charles S. Dutton's performance as the head stadium groundskeeper mustn't be overlooked, either. To sum everything up, "Rudy" is a film that's about more than just football. It's about conquering mountains, big and small, which isn't impossible, as long as one keeps their nose to the grindstone, or, in this case, to the gridiron. Having doubts about whether or not you can win life's battles? See this movie. Hearing nothing but negativity from those around you while en route to accomplishing your goal? See this movie. Do you dream of getting a college degree, and want to make it a reality? SEE THIS MOVIE!!! Oh, and see if you can spot the cameo appearance of Mr. Daniel Ruettiger himself (INTERESTING TIDBITS: The exterior shot of the Holy Cross College campus, is actually one of the colleges on the Notre Dame campus. The scene in the campus coffee shop where Rudy and D-Bob (Jon Favreau [another actor I (almost) overlooked!]) are talking/studying, is shot in ND's O'Shaughnessy Hall, and the interior Holy Cross classroom scenes were filmed at a nearby high school). With so much to offer, "Rudy" truly lives up to its moniker as the "Rocky Of The '90s"! See it, if you haven't already. You won't be disappointed!     