 Although "Feels Good To Me" is basically a Bill Bruford solo album, as the name on the CD cover signifies, "FGTM" contains a more than able supporting cast, which features superb, top-notch guitar and bass playing, courtesy of Allan Holdsworth and Jeff Berlin. Four of the ten tracks on this CD are vocals, and are supplied nicely by Annette Peacock, who sounds like a merger between Suzanne Vega and Annie Lennox, particularly on the track "Back To The Beginning". The lyrics of this selection could be easily adaptive to a sci-fi film score! The music of "BTTB" is very similar to that of a particular track on the post-Bruford Yes album "Tormato", titled "Release, Release". Speaking of Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart makes a pre-Eurythmics appearance on "Feels Good To Me". Stewart's piano/keyboard electricities sometimes come across as barely audible here, thus being overshadowed by Holdsworth's and Berlin's decibel overtones on some tracks. Stewart does get a chance to shine, particularly on the instrumentals "Either End Of August", "Springtime In Siberia" (where Stewart really cooks with a wonderfully displayed solo), "If You Can't Stand The Heat..." and the title track - complete with a middle rambling keyboard effect. Rounding out the guest musical lineup, is Kenny Wheeler on fluegelhorn, who, at times, sounds like Kenny G, although Wheeler is not playing the saxophone here, though it sounds as if he very well could be! The delightful talents of Mr. Bruford shouldn't be left out. After all, this is a Bill Bruford CD, and a gorgeously crafted work of musical art it is! Bruford's drumming is in a class all by itself, and is comparable to another excellent prog drummer - Phil Collins, both of whom are of equal caliber in the school of percussive art. The musical styles fatured on "FGTM" are somewhat of a cross between Bruford's former bands Yes and King Crimson, although for those who are unfamiliar with Bruford's musical style, may find "FGTM" a bit hard to take. Perhaps they should listen to Bruford's Yes and King Crimson works before delving into his solo material. "Feels Good To Me" is a solid CD on all artistic fronts, and is definitely not for the faint at heart. A must-have for Bruford, Crimson and Yes fans alike.     