 "War Child" contains all the magical musical and lyrical mayhem and adventure one could expect from a Jethro Tull album: even from a more basic work such as this. Although the suites from albums such as "Aqualung" and "A Passion Play" aren't present here, they're really not necessary in this case, since Ian Anderson and crew must've been worn to a frazzle since creating and producing three previous masterworks ("Aqualung", "Thick As A Brick" and "A Passion Play"). Hence, the band needed a break, so they just broke the concept down to a more simplified approach - writing mostly short and simple songs dealing with war and tyranny ("War Child"), victory ("Queen And Country"), freedom [from strife] ("Skating Away On The Thin Ice Of A New Day"), and just plain celebratory mayhem ("The Third Hoorah"), among other subjects. Ah, but since Jethro Tull was exhausted from completing (really) four "Stand Up" concept albums ("Living In The Past" included), the band felt they could afford to flirt with some nonsensical ideas, as presented in the silly lyrics and the semi-progressive flute and guitar drives featured in the whimsical "Sealion" - perhaps the standout track on "War Child". Even a poppish tune works well here in the sweet cadences of "Bungle In The Jungle", a number which reached the Top 30 in the U.S.. A further note of interest: At one point during the 1974-'75 concert tour in support of this album, Ian Anderson would introduce the title of the above latter selection as..."Rumble In The Bathroom"! (I wonder if he had a unique set of lyrics to go with the title change?) Funny stuff! One would call it "potty humor", if you get the joke. Anyway, as was sort-of stated earlier, virtually all the songs fit together to create a story of "biblical" proportions (mini-suites, as is the case here), as Jethro Tull had been known for in prior works. Even though a majority of the tracks on "War Child" contain a slight slant towards commercial pop, it still retains a grand degree of progressive charm, a Tull trademark. "War Child" will grow on you after the first listen, so pick this up only after you've listened to one of Tull's previous excursions ("Aqualung", "Thick As A Brick" or "A Passion Play") if you're one of the Tull uninitiated. Well worth the purchase (trust me)!     