 A motion picture mostly based on the television series, "The Dukes of Hazzard" contains a lot of what fans of the 1979-1985 original series have come to expect: savory redneck characters, all-out dragstrip car chases, sexy, waifish babes decked out in skimpy bikinis, & a whole lot of Southern exposure. The plot & storyline fits neatly into the movie's 1 hour & 45 minute time frame, but, if you're tuning in expecting to see your favorite original series stars make a personal appearance or just a mere 2-minute cameo, you'll sorely be in for a disappointment. With that qualm aside, let's focus on some of "...Hazzard"'s main players. The film's two main leads, Seann William Scott & Johnny Knoxville, who play our two heroes Bo & Luke Duke, fit nicely into their roles (including their tight blue jeans!). Scott & Knoxville couldn't have played their roles any better, plus, those Southern accents earn a passable grade of C+ at best. But, I have to admit there were stunt doubles handling the highly skilled, fast-paced driving. A word to the wise, kids; don't try these stunts at home. Jessica Simpson does a marvelous job of portraying the drop-dead-gorgeous Daisy Duke. For a singer, Simpson's acting isn't half-bad, & almost steals the show from the film's three main male leads, which brings me to Burt Reynolds' role of Boss Hogg. Although he's no Sorrell Booke, Reynolds' acting here isn't quite a cut above Booke's portrayal in the TV series, but is sort of unique in it's own subtle mannerism-ish way. What's missing in Burt's performance, is the ornery scowl Sorrell Booke brought to the TV screen, including an open-faced meanness that was second-to-none - right up there with ol' Ebenezer Scrooge & Sheriff Buford T. Justice (the latter being another Reynolds vehicle & nemesis, but that's sort of another story). Burt's quiet performance as Boss Hogg could go as passable at best, although that white suit he was sporting could have contained a couple more pillows at best! The Roscoe character (M.C. Gainey), was waaaay off center, & voiced rather monotone throughout the picture. No hawkey, southern cackle, no expressionism, no nothing. James Best's portrayal of Roscoe P. Coltrane in the series definitely wins hands down versus Gainey's one-dimensional characterization here. Please don't get me started on Enos here. The actor who portrayed him didn't remotely look anything like the Enos character portrayed by Sonny Shroyer in the original series. Lynda Carter's cameo was nice to see, albeit a brief one, nonetheless. But, the real star of the film would have to be Willie Nelson. As Uncle Jess, he pretty much has the physical presence & the mannerisms down to a tee. Nelson's performance is almost a dead-ringer for the Denver Pyle character from the series. To sum it all up, "The Dukes of Hazzard" will provide a lot of what the average viewer will pay to see in a motion picture, & will get an adequate amount of peachy-keen Georgia-type Southern exposure in the viewing process. This movie would have gotten a five-star rating easily, if series regulars Tom Wopat, John Schneider, Catherine Bach, James Best & Sonny Shroyer had gotten a place in the movie, even if it had been a mere two minute cameo appearance. Hence, the docking of one star. Still a good movie to waste a typical weekend day in seeing, nonetheless.                