 Since there are so many good songs on "Super Hits of the '70's - Have A Nice Day Vol. 20", hitting the continuation button on your stereo is highly recommended for a number of reasons. Volume 20 of this 25 volume series spotlights the pop/Top 40 hits from 1976-'77. There are untimely classic ballads of the tear-jerker variety found in Peter McCann's "Do You Wanna Make Love" (released in the late summer of '77) and in Engelbert Humperdinck's "After The Lovin'" (released at the beginning of '77). Continuing through the ballads, Seals & Crofts feature one of their final chart hits from late summer '76 with the up close and personal "Get Closer", while Mac Davis's "Baby Don't Get Hooked On Me" predates this collection of hits by some four to five years, with a release date of 1972. A hits collection wouldn't be a hits collection without the smooth, mellow vocal stylings of Cliff Richard, whose ghoulish smash hit "Devil Woman", is featured in this wonderful array of mostly late '70's favorites. Of David Geddes' two 1975 chart hits titled "Run Joey Run" (which can be found on Vol. 15) and "The Last Game of the Season (A Blind Man In The Bleachers)", the former tune is just downright crude and horrible, while the latter track is warm and sentimental, and therefore, fits rather snuggily into this collection with ease. Boomer Castleman's "Judy Mae" is the only weak entry of the bunch, whose lyrics sound a bit too "Hatfields and McCoys"-ish to suit me. Los Angeles based trio Hot had their only hit titled "Angel In Your Arms", which shows up here, and is yet another delightful ballad. This wouldn't be a true '70's collection without at least one disco song - that being "Disco Duck (Part I)", provided in a wacky style that only Rick Dees And His Cast Of Idiots can bring to the disco table. One-hit wonders Smokie had a major hit with "Living Next Door To Alice" in early '77. "Alice" was written by Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman, both of whom went on to even bigger glory as songwriters in the late '70's/early '80's for such artists as Exile, Bonnie Tyler and others. Smokie frontman Chris Norman teamed up with Suzi Quatro on the later hit "Stumblin' In (found on Vol. 22). If you're into '50's nostalgia, there's Dean Friedman's "Ariel" to whet your appetite. If there is a best song on this CD, that honor should rightfully go to The Sanford/Townsend Band's one and only hit smash, the jazzy-bluesy "Smoke From A Distant Fire". With so many good songs to choose from in this stalwart collection of marvelous compositions, "Have A Nice Day Vol. 20" is one CD you'll definitely come back to time and again. If you're a completist, you'll need this one in your must have, must own collection. Keep in mind that each CD in this series has its own style of songs to suit different musical tastes, so it's not necessary to collect all 25 CD's. On that note, it is most wise to pick and choose your favorites as you go along. "Vol. 20" is a sure-fire winner!     