 "Voyage of the Acolyte", the first solo offering from a Genesis member, showcases Steve Hackett's unique and immense talents on the guitar quite nicely. The opening track "Ace of Wands", starts things off in grand progressive fashion, although "Ace" is somewhat reminiscent of Emerson, Lake & Palmer, with its' encapsulated keyboard rhythms. The pastoral tracks "Hands of the Priestess Parts I & II" have both a mythological and mysterious quality to them, with ""HOTPPI" displaying more of the above qualities. "A Tower Struck Down" displays a unique, artsy progressive charm, in that it features an intricate, fuzzy guitar inerlude in the middle, complete with unanimous bits of chanting in the second half of "Tower". "The Hermit" is very silent, and features Hackett's weak, somewhat cathartic vocals, but it's a nice piece of instrumentation, nonetheless. Phil Collins, Steve's Genesis bandmate at the time, provides guest vocals on "Star of Sirius", as well as percussive and drumming duties on all the tracks here. Collins' and Hackett's intertwined vocals, particularly on the first half of 'Sirius", sound somewhat muddled, but work well with the fluent progressive vibes displayed here. The brief instrumental "The Lovers" is the calm before the storm of "Shadow of the Hierophant", a wonderfully composed semi-progressive track, which features a lovely choir-like vocal, provided by Mike Oldfield's wife Sally. Of all the Genesis related solo projects, "VOTA" has to be in the top five, up there with such gems as Tony Banks' "A Curious Feeling" and Mike Rutherford's (who also contributed musically to "Voyage") "Smallcreep's Day". "Voyage of the Acolyte" is truly a Steve Hackett masterpiece, and should not be overlooked by any Genesis fan, or any fan of Progressive Rock, for that matter. Since "Voyage" is the very first solo Genesis CD, it would be wise to add this one to your collection. The gorgeous, stunning artwork on the cover, provided by Steve's wife Kim Poor, is yet another reason not to pass this one by.     