 "Magic: The Very Best Of Olivia Newton-John" contains ON-J's most cherished singles and duets throughout her three decades in the music business. Nearly all of the CD's singles are listed in chronological order, thus taking the listener on an insightful and enjoyable journey through the varous phases of this remarkably talented Australian songstress's career. For starters, the listener is treated to the country phase of Olivia's down-home nuances and charm, as displayed in the hits "Let Me Be There" and "If You Love Me (Let Me Know)". Then, Livvy had her first "real pure" adult-contemporary/pop smash "I Honestly Love You" (with the former being released in late 1973 and the latter two released in 1974, respectively.) By 1975, it seemed Olivia felt right at home in the country music spectre, as she released the all-around musical/lyrical ode to countrified "Love Me Or Leave Me" tendencies, as found in the heart-breaky "Please Mr. Please". 1975 was a high point in Olivia's career, and was also a year in which she achieved her first number one single on the Billboard pop music charts with "Have You Never Been Mellow", released in March of that same year. In 1976, Ms. Newton-John had one of her last country flavored hits with the Bee Gees penned "Come On Over", before venturing into full-flowing AC/pop waters with the moderate hit "Sam" in 1977. The hits Olivia charted during this 1977-1980 period are lush, dreamy and satisfying compositions, and it is the orchestral arrangements present in these works that make them stand on their own merits. Such is the case in songs as the powerful, soul grabbing (non-orchestral) numbers "A Little More Love", "Deeper In The Night" and "Magic" (with both former tunes charting in 1979 and the latter selection in 1980), also including the duet with international superstar Cliff Richard on "Suddenly", another 1980 release. Olivia's collaboration with Electric Light Orchestra electrifies with an intensive wall of sound in the uplifting "Xanadu". Now, it's on to the final phase of Olivia's career, as far as this very best of compilation is concerned. From 1981 to 1984, Olivia shows off her wild side with reckless abandon, and these qualities really show through in the tracks "Physical" and "Make A Move On Me". Even though the overly-synthesized "Heart Attack" and "Twist Of Fate" are both quite possibly the least appealing tracks in this stellar collection, they still retain a bit of that ol' ON-J charisma, nonetheless. There's no doubt they had to be included here, although it is somewhat of a letdown the record company did not include Olivia's first single, the Bob Dylan penned "If Not For You", as well as another duet with John Travolta titled "Take A Chance" (from the motion picture "Two Of A Kind") and also the moderate 1985 hit "Soul Kiss" (which contains backing vocals from "Married With Children" star Katey Sagal). It is because of the above stated omissions why this CD gets docked a half star, but it pretty much sums up the storybook career of one of the best loved and most respected figures in the history of the rock era. Lovers of the movie "Grease" will definitely get long mileage out of Livvy's duets w/John Travolta titled "You're The One That I Want" and "Summer Nights", including "The Grease Megamix" and "Hopelessly Devoted". Despite the major omissions of some of the noteworthy songs mentioned earlier, doesn't mean the entertainment value of "Magic: The Very Best Of Olivia Newton-John" is all but lost, which it isn't. This is still a fun and enjoyful CD to listen to all the while, and is a must for the serious ON-J fan to have in their collection. For the more casual Olivia fan, there's the "20th Century Masters Millennium Edition" CD, even though there is more listening pleasure to be had on "Magic...", since there are twice as many songs as on the "20th Century Masters" ON-J CD, and for only a few dollars more at that, which makes "Magic..." a real steal of a deal! Get it soon, before it goes POOF! OVERALL RATING: 4 1/2 STARS (due to omissions).     