 Upon the initial complete first listening of "Something/Anything", perhaps the conclusion you just might come to is that it's two albums in one - in that one, it gives you the feel of what a recording session sounds like. Two, with so many different musical styles displayed here, "Something/Anything" sounds like the ultimate concept album, which, in a way, it is. Todd Rundgren puts his all both musically and creatively into this double-CD of songs that range from the sublime ["Wolfman Jack", "It Takes Two To Tango (This Is For The Girls)" and "The Night The Carousel Burnt Down"], to the ridiculous ("Intro", "Saving Grace", [with its bizarre, Satanic-like intro], "Song Of The Viking", "I Went To The Mirror" [with its warped, psychedelic-etched vocalization done by TR], "Piss Aaron" [join Todd as he takes you on a guided tour through high school life, with the adventures of three misguided, aimless lads named "Piss Aaron", "Dumb Larry" and "Chuck Biscuits"] and "Some Folks Is Even Whiter Than Me". If its sensible tunes you're looking for here, don't despair, 'cause TR aims to please with "I Saw The Light" and "Hello It's Me", both of which made the Billboard Top 20 charts in 1972 and 1973, respectively. Can't get enough of those sensible, heart warming ballads? To wet your appetite, there's "It Wouldn't Have Made Any Difference". This Rundgren composition was also recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Tom Middleton, whose version of this tune was out at the same time Todd's version was. But, unlike Rundgren's original rendition, which didn't chart, Middleton's version latched onto the Canadian music charts. "Cold Morning Light", "Sweeter Memories" and "Marlene" are the other somber, heart-achy ballads that'll possibly have you weeping a tear or two as soon as you've finished listening to them. The dialogue that takes place between certain tracks is quite innovative, yet unusual. Speaking of innovations, it's a shame TR's patented guitar voice box device (which has been used by the likes of Peter Frampton, among others) isn't featured here, for Todd most likely invented that sometime after "Something/Anything" was released. For those of you looking to discover the unique, highly intellectual sounds of Todd Rundgren for the very first time, but you're not sure where to begin, I would suggest starting with this double-CD masterpiece, since there's an entire potpourri of various musical styles featured here. That should give you all the information you need to know about the man known affectionately as Todd Rundgren, and his music. I would advise that you not wait too long in purchasing "Something/Anything", 'cause there's only so much physical material made available that's used to manufacture a CD. In other words, nothing in this world lasts forever, so make that all-important purchase today, before it's too late!     