 Of all the British Invasion groups to emerge in the '60's - The Animals, Herman's Hermits, The Rolling Stones, The Beatles and others, no group brought together a unique sound and style quite like The Who. What made this group's sixties albums so omniprescent was that they were the first remnants of the punk era, which didn't emerge full scale until a decade later. "The Who Sings My Generation" has the punk seal of approval artistically etched into almost all of the songs. Keith Moon would soon become a household name in the annals of rock music notariety, and would carve his own musical niche with his inventive, over the top drum playing, in much the same style players such as Jimi Hendrix and Terry Kath (Chicago [Transit Authority] would soon bring to their guitar playing wizardries. Evidence of Moon's unorthodox drum intracacies is heard in the instrumental "The Ox", "La La La Lies" and "My Generation", and would soon blaze a trail for other drummers to follow, with the likes of John Bonham and Phil Collins, among others. The Who shows here they can stylize an R & B number with tremendous fashion, as in the soul-grabbing "Please, Please, Please". Since this album is considered by many to be the first punk album, "The Who Sings My Generation" would soon pave the way for a new generation of punk rockers a decade after its release. Another unique element which spices up a majority of the tracks displayed here are the rough, hard-edged and the soft, bluesy vocal musings of Roger Daltrey and Pete Townshend, whose masterful, one-off guitar stylings pull this CD through with such brevity and sheer gusto. John Entwistle's bass-playing qualities complete an artistical, well-honed musical picture, which would make any hardcore punk fan pround to declare his allegiance to the genre. Now, if producer Shel Talmy would allow MCA to remaster this one of a kind gem, which is in need of the remaster treatment, to which The Who's other CD's in their catalog have received. Until then, The Who's many fans will just have to make do with this standout masterpiece, which has stood the test of time, even more than thirty-five years after its release. "The Who Sings My Generation" is definitely one CD for the ages, and belongs on every The Who fan's shopping list.     