 "21 At 33" marks a slight return to form for Bernie Taupin's partnership with Elton John. These two hitmakers last collaborated on the 1976 release "Blue Moves", which, rather surprisingly, contained only one U.S. Billboard chart single - 1977's "Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word". "21 At 33" starts things off musically in rip-roaring fashion with the up-tempo "Chasing The Crown", one of three EJ-BT compositions on this disc (the other two being the well-travelled "Two Rooms At The End Of The World" and the depressing "White Lady White Powder", where Elton begins his long-winded battle with cocaine). The majority of the other tracks here were written by Tom Robinson, including the gay dulcet tones of "Sartorial Eloquence" and the subtleness displayed in the disc's major hit "Little Jeannie", although this particular track was written by Gary Osborne, who also made lyrical contributions to "21 At 33" with the serene and sincere compositions "Dear God" and "Take Me Back" (which isn't quite as serene as "Dear God", but has a small degree of serenity to it, nonetheless). But, the main thing that makes "21 At 33" such a standout masterpiece is the musical versatility EJ and his band display on two tracks, "Take Me Back", as mentioned above, with its countrified, hillbilly-laden, violin feel and on "Give Me The Love", with its smooth jazzy, discofied nuances (although the disco movement virtually ceased to exist by the time "21 At 33" was first released in 1980). The latter track was also written by Judie Tzuke, who accompanied Elton on his "21 At 33" tour in 1980. Another nice thing about listening to this disc, is that Elton's vocals started to mature a bit (although I do miss those classic Elton vocals from the '70's), and are a suitable fit to the lyrics displayed in these songs. This disc was also the last EJ would record on the MCA label before signing with Geffen Records, that is, until he returned to MCA with the 1988 release "Reg Strikes Back". So, if you're a true Elton John fan, and you don't have "21 At 33" in your CD collection, what are you waiting for? Better get it soon, because it just may be gone tomorrow!     