 The year 1967 was one where three subjects were on the minds of many Americans: the hippie revolution, war and predjudicism/racism. The latter is very well documented in the Stanley Kramer directorial epic "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner", in that its subject, interracial relationships, somewhat examines the various types of prejudices people were casting out during that era. The movie begins with an elitist couple, Dr. John Prentice and Joey Drayton (both craftfully played by Oscar nominee Sidney Poitier and Katharine Houghton), who are experiencing a romantic high after meeting on vacation in Hawaii. Tired from the trip, Dr. Prentice wants a little r & r at a hotel, but Joey insists that The Good Doctor meet her upper class parents, so they imediately go to Joey's mother's place of employment, only to find her mother isn't there, then it's on to Joey's parents' home. Upon Mrs. Drayton's (played brilliantly to an Academy award nominated performance by Katharine Hepburn) first glance of Dr. Prentice, she is both shocked and amazed of the prospect that the doctor is black. Much the same is true about Mr. Drayton's postion on the situation (also played to an award-winning performance by Spencer Tracy), who's even more shocked and appalled over his daughter's relationship with Dr. Prentice than his wife is. The Drayton's maid Tillie (played wonderfully by Isabel Sanford [of "The Jeffersons"]) isn't all that crazy about Dr. Prentice, either, and sees him as nothing more than an arrogant, uppity man who enjoys getting what he wants, but that's further from the truth, as Joey sees Dr. Prentice as a kind, wonderful human being whom she wants to marry. As time progresses forward, Mrs. Drayton softens up in her stance concerning the relationship, while Mr. Drayton's stance gets even more firm with each passing moment. Note the painstakingly intense expression on Spencer Tracy's face during the many scenes of this picture. You can understand why he's been nominated for various awards throughout various points of his career. When Dr. Prentice's parents are invited to dinner, it seems that all hell will break loose, as both families continue to analyze the situation further. Even with some trite coddling and persuasion from Mrs. Drayton, she still is not able to sell the mixed marriage idea to her husband. At the same time, Dr. Prentice is having just as much difficulty in getting his father, and in certain instances his mother, to see the benefits of this relatinship. Notice the scene where Dr. Prentice stands up to his father. Sidney Poitier's remarkably intense, emotional acting style is unmistakable here, as he lets loose a temper with such fire and gusto. 1967 was perhaps Sidney Poitier's finest moment in theater, as he starred in three of the hottest movies that year: as the soft and stern scholteacher in "To Sir, With Love", as the convincing Virgil Tibbs in "In The Heat Of The Night" and in "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner", all fine performances, indeed.As tensions continue to surface between both John and Joey's paternal parents, it is up to the Drayton's pastoral advisor, Monsignor Ryan, to talk some sense into the disrupted parties. He finally succeeds in the end, as one of the most emotional scenes in the movie occurs, courtesy of Katharine Hepburn. While on the road to Mr. Drayton's changing his mind about the marriage proceedings, which he comes to accept, Mrs. Drayton lets out a tear filled display of emotion that only Ms. Hepburn can create, which explains her wealth of fandom, not to mention several Oscar and Academy awards on her mantle throughout her glorious career. As is expected, all's well that ends well, as John and Joey are off to Switzerland for their wedding, which tearfully, we never get to witness. It is because of this fine film's theme, including its stunning cast, that makes "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner" worthy of being in any motion picture connoisseur's video library. A must not miss!     