 Of all the words in the English language which can be used to sum up Jerry Reed's remarkable career, both as a musician and as an actor, perhaps these four words can best apply: "Been there, done that". These four words are most apropos, due to Jerry's longevity in the entertainment industry, which spans upwards of almost five decades. It is because of the many different musical styles displayed on "The Essential Jerry Reed" (ranging from country to swamp rock), why Mr. Reed has paved the way for many a future artist, including the likes of Creedence Clearwater Revival, Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Allman Brothers, Charlie Daniels, etc. - each a successful artist/group in their own right. Therefore, Jerry is credited with starting the swamp rock/southern rock genre, and some of the songs featured in this collection ("Amos Moses", "When You're Hot, You're Hot", "The Uptown Poker Club" and "Ko-Ko Joe") contain a healthy dose of this well-crafted style of music. The lyrical homespun humor Jerry brings to many of the songs in this rather "definitive" collection adds profound depth to the music, as is the case in such numbers as "The Uptown Poker Club" and in "She Got The Goldmine (I Got The Shaft)", where the latter selection finds Jerry once again in hot water with the same judge in a kangaroo court of law filled with mayhem and hijinks, a recipe which is also the order of the day in the up-tempo "When You're Hot, You're Hot" (poor, poor Jerry!). Jerry Reed shows that he's quite the balladeer, as he croons with an unmistakeable vocal depth and precision, found in such tender moments that are nicely supplied in the compromising "A Thing Called Love", "A Good Woman's Love" and in "Smell The Flowers" as well. The latter title pretty much sums up Jerry's philsophy in life - in just taking things as they come, letting the chips fall where they may, complete with a touch of "happy-go-luckiness" present in a majority of the songs in this "almost" well put together collection of Jerry's credible compositions. However, "The Essential Jerry Reed" contains some major-minor flaws, none of which are contained in the movie music selections found in the first two "Smokey And The Bandit" pictures ("East Bound And Down" [from "SATB"] and "Texas Bound And Flyin'" [from "SATB 2"] - both of which are marvellous and are fine, upstanding numbers, no doubt). One big mistake RCA made in preparing this compilation, was omitting "Smokie's" other songs, such as both "The Legend" and "The Bandit", also performed amicably by the talented Jerry Reed. Some other important cuts RCA left behind, are the untamed "Alabama Wild Man" and "U.S. Male". It is due to these aforementioned omissions the reason why "The Essential Jerry Reed" gets only a four-star rating. But, nevertheless, it is a worthwhile body of "The Alabama Wild Man"'s guitar pickin' delights, and is thus worthy of being in any music collector's CD library. So, it all adds up to more of an "essential", rather than a "definitive" purchase!     