 If there's one film that captures the pictorial, social and cultural essence of Jamaica and its people in one setting, then "The Harder They Come" is perhaps the ticket. Jimmy Cliff stars as a struggling musician, who goes from odd job to odd job on his way to the top in this 1972 cult classic. Aside from working his way up the nightclub circuit ladder, Ivan (Cliff) finds himself running afoul of the law in the process, an element which makes for an interesting storyline. The thick Jamaican accents make the film's storyline hard to follow in spots, although the lush Jamaican environs more than make up for the wonderfully garbled vocalization. Also, some of the "Americanizations" displayed in "The Harder They Come" provide an interesting backdrop for the hilly Jamaican terrain, such as the Shell gasoline billboard sign and Teem (remember that one?) and Pepsi-Cola beverages. It is these American items that add somewhat of a decorative touch to this insightful motion picture. Add to the cast of mostly unknowns (besides Jimmy Cliff), is the veteran Jamaican actor Winston Stona, whose appearance here is more of a cameo, playing a role as a detective. According to various (internet) sources, Stona's next major movie appearance wouldn't come until twenty years later, in a more major role in "Cool Runnings" (filmed in Jamaica as well). "The Harder They Come" would make Jimmy Cliff a household name in the annals of reggae music, alongside another reggae legend, the incomparable Bob Marley. Cliff's music, as featured in "THTC", carries with it such adaptive, effective lyrics and harmonies, both nicely illustrated in the title track and in "You Can Get It If You Really Want" - a selection which sums up Ivan's grit and determination in his desire to become a mega-superstar, proving that setting goals and striving to maintain them are what really count in life, if one is willing to persevere through difficult hardships. Although "The Harder They Come" is one stellar film that's definitely not to be missed, a perfect companion would be to add the soundtrack to this all-important purchase. But, it would be wise to purchase "THTC" today, as it is fast becoming one motion picture that will soon be hard to come by. These two above-mentioned items are the perfect compliment with a case of Red Stripe beer and some jerk chicken, so don't miss all the fun and excitement, or you'll be making one big "Jamaica Mistaica"!     