 "Madman Across The Water" is perhaps Elton John's and Bernie Taupin's most creative musical and lyrical output, when compared with their other stellar early '70's albums for a number of reasons. For instance, "MATW"'s two opening tracks, "Tiny Dancer" and "Levon", both display a vibrant orchestral fluidity (especially the latter selection), as well as a unique, melancholic autobiographical charm (moreso prevalent in "Levon"). "Tiny Dancer" was written about Taupin's girlfriend at the time, a dancer named Maxine Feibelman. What makes "Madman..." a musician's clinic, are the percussive guitar and mandolin skills, which are craftfully provided by the likes of drummer Roger Pope and axeman extraordinaire Davey Johnstone - whose talents on the mandolin are quite exceptional on the road-heavy "Holiday Inn". Johnstone would become a full-fledged member of The Elton John Band by the time EJ's next LP, "Honky Chateau", was released the following year in 1972. Adding to this standout array of musicianship, is guest Rick Wakeman, whose playing on a majority of "MATW"'s tracks is sometimes barely audible, and on selections such as "Razor Face", he pulls it off in spades. Wakeman would soon leave the Strawbs and join Yes after working on this album. Also introduced to the band are bassist Dee Murray and drummer Nigel Olsson, both of whom appear on one track, the impeccably overwraught "All The Nasties". Both Murray and Olsson would become prime-time EJ Band members also by the release of "Honky Chateau". The CD's title track is sure to give even the most casual Elton John fan "suspensful down your spine chills and thrills", courtesy of "Madman's..." intense lyrical and orchestral jinegar. EJ and BT both paint a rich, textured Native American cultural landscape and soundscape in "Indian Sunset", as if they realistically transported themselves back in time and dwelled amongst the natives (not bad for a couple of Brits, wouldn't you say?). The lyrics of "Rotten Peaches" would focus on the sad sack trial and tribulation nature found in a majority of Elton's and Bernie's musical and lyrical compositions in future albums as well. For these two songbirds, that is a very good thing, for fans of these two compositional wonders wouldn't have it any other way, including yours truly. "Goodbye" is a fitting end to the CD's macabre, storybook-like novella. "Madman Across The Water" is an absolute must for all die-hard Eltonians to have in their CD collection(s). Aren't you just "dying" to have this title in your Elton John library right about now?     