 "Days of Future Passed" is considered a concept album, in that it eulogizes the various parts of the day from a timely musical standpoint. There is a bit of that Moody Blues rock sound displayed here, which is cleverly camouflaged against the orchestral stylings provided in grand fashion by "The London Festival Orchestra" - conducted by Peter Knight. "Days of Future Passed" begins and ends with a nice, very British vocal passage, voiced by the Moodys' lead singer, Justin Hayward, whose vocalization serves as the perfect compliment to the orchestral passages displayed throughout this "Digitally Remastered" CD, which is truly a delight to the ears. The stuff displayed between the intro and outro vocal passages is prime stuff, which, as I said, captures the subleties of each part of the day with great musical precision. "THE DAY BEGINS" and "DAWN: Dawn Is A Feeling" blossom rather nicely, while "THE MORNING: Another Morning" moves through this day quite briskly. Before you know it, it's time for a lunch break, which begins in the calming, then breaks out with a vengeful fury in the peak hour, thus you have "LUNCH BREAK: Peak Hour". "THE AFTERNOON" is now upon us, which prompts Justin Hayward to break out with a pleasant vocal set against a lush, orchestral waterfall, which is the setting for the subtitle a) Forever Afternoon. The orchestration sets the musical tone for the macabre b) subtitle "(Evening) Time To Get Away". It is now later in the "EVENING", and subtitle a) "The Sunset" is the perfect musical "cool down" right before the subtitle b) "Twilight Time". Finally, the dark of "THE NIGHT: Nights In White Satin" has now reached its glorious end, as the now died down "echo" of the orchestration senses it is "nighty-night" time, complete with a Justin Hayward bedtime story, titled "The Gathering Gloom". Ah, but as they say: "All's Well That Ends Well", as we end one of the last chapters of the all orchestral, "pre-prog" Moody Blues era, as they would begin to hone their progressive musical skills as time passed with each album, although The Moodys did continue to infuse the orchestral sounds into their rock 'n roll landscape, particularly in later albums, such as "Long Distance Voyager", among others. After listening to this CD, it is clearly evident where the musical influences of various progressive groups, such as Genesis (the Peter Gabriel years) and Emerson, Lake and Palmer, came from. In fact, Genesis' first album, "From Genesis To Revelation", sounds a lot like "DOFP", and is modeled after it. Although "Days of Future Passed" is primarily suited for the classical music lover, those who are into the classic rock sound of the late '60's, a la "The Bee Gees", et. al., will derive some pleasure from it, as well. But, be warned, "DOFP" isn't exactly for the "pure" rock 'n roll fan, nor is it for the "pure" classical music afficianado, but is for the true universal music lover. So, if you are only into the Moodys' later, more progressive-oriented efforts, you might find "Days of Future Passed" a bit hard to swallow. But, if you are a die-hard fan of this supergroup, and you don't have this title in your CD collection, GET IT, PRONTO!!!     