 By the time the late '60's/early '70's rolled around, the rock music scene needed a fresher and more uniquely creative sound. There to fill the bill was a group of northern California musicians known as Creedence Clearwater Revival. This group, which featured John Fogerty on vocals and lead guitar, his late brother Tom Fogerty on guitar, Doug Clifford on drums, and Stu Cook on bass guitar, would forever leave their signature stamp on rock music history, and would set a path for other groups to follow, such as the likes of The Allman Brothers Band and Lynyrd Skynyrd. As soon as CCR played their instruments, one knew that a magical, musical sound would emerge from them, a sound which would eventually make CCR world famous from the above mentioned time period, and beyond."Cosmos Factory" doesn't fail to disappoint from the very first note. "Ramble Tamble" gets things started off in progressive, classic swamp rock fashion, then eases into a soulful, bluesy groove with "Before You Accuse Me", a number that has also been recorded by the likes of John Lee Hooker, Eric Clapton, and perhaps others. The tone of the CD is once again jump-started, courtesy of the up-tempo "Travelin' Band". John, Tom, Stu, and Doug provide some strong licks on Roy Orbison's "Ooby Dooby". "Lookin' Out My Back Door", "Run Through The Jungle" and "Up Around The Bend" perhaps make some hidden, casual statements about the Vietnam war, and they're fine rockin' numbers to boot! Stu Cook's unique over-the-top bass playing, which is heard at the beginning of the melancholic "My Baby Left Me", is the highlight of this particular track, while the whys and wherefores of "Who'll Stop The Rain" will have you pondering, for sure. The ultimate masterpiece on "Cosmo's Factory" is the ultra-rockin' eleven minute long jam "I Heard It Through The Grapevine". This version gets my vote over both the Gladys Knight and Marvin Gaye versions by a landslide! "Long As I Can See The Light" closes out the CD on a somber note, but is a sensible ballad, nonetheless. If you're planning on taking a tour of "Cosmo's Factory", you better do it soon. With a factory pumping out such a great product, it is not destined to last forever, and is sure to shut down production and close up shop any day now. This is one trip you will have been glad to have made!     