 One listen to "Spectral Mornings" (Steve Hackett's third solo album, and his second since leaving Genesis), alongside the first post-Hackett Genesis album "...And Then There Were Three..." should confirm all truths and suspicions of where the true musical spirit within the above classic band resided. It really resided within both Hackett and Peter Gabriel, both of whom provided a uniquely sound and in-depth musical (and lyrical) concept within the band's tightly-knit (wall of sound) structure. Not to take anything away from either Tony Banks, Phil Collins or Mike Rutherford - all of whom are exceptionally talented musicians in their own right. It's just that, in my humble opinion, Genesis lost some credibility soon after Gabriel, and later Hackett, left - meaning that the wall of sound which made Genesis a household name in the world of progressive rock, would cease to exist as soon as the group trimmed down to a three-piece. At this point in time, only the name of the band remained the same throughout its lengthy history. Anyway, the first Steve Hackett album, "Voyage of the Acolyte" (1975) demonstrated Hackett's ability to experiment with different musical styles in grand fashion, all while remaining within the musical restraints of his soon to be former band at the time. Hackett's sophomore effort, "Please Don't Touch!" (1978), finds him using a slightly different musical approach, but more variances are found there, both musically and personally, especially the latter. Hackett used a lineup of performers from different musical genres (Richie Havens, Randy Crawford, Steve Walsh and Phil Ehart [both of Kansas] to create an even balance of effective musicianship and lyrical spontaneity. Whereas "VotA" contained mostly a more relaxed, and, at certain points, a more evasive intrumental approach, "Spectral Mornings" (1979) mostly cuts to the chase, delivering straight-ahead, mostly progressive rock, in even fashion. Also, the lyrical output is solid, being brought out like a full harvest blossom, courtesy of Hackett's songwriting capabilities (as well as on the guitar, Hackett's "raison d'etre") and Pete Hicks' passionate vocals. The instrumentals are no slouches either, for they're the reason which makes "SM" such a provocative and special masterpiece. "The Red Flower of Tachai Blooms Everywhere" is among the pick of the litter of the instrumentals here, complete with a unique East Asian flair, which words cannot describe. It must be listened to (in full) in order to be wholly appreciated. The title instrumental follows right behind, and contains a homogenous blend of both wonderfully sound soft and hard "progressive" textures. There's a humorous side to this record as well, as is wonderfully executed in "The Ballad of the Decomposing Man (Featuring 'The Office Party')". This track is the perfect musical companion to Emerson, Lake & Palmer's "Benny The Bouncer" (from "Brain Salad Surgery"), complete with a "quasi-styled" gay nineties theme. This selection features some witty lyrics as well. Even Hackett's slightly elevated vocal delivery on "...Decomposing Man" smacks of Greg Lake's on the above-mentioned ELP selection. "Spectral Mornings"' other selections shouldn't be ignored as well, although one or two of these hint at commercialism, especially the opening track "Every Day" - with its catchy melodies and chorus, although it's still an upstanding number, nevertheless. When comparing most of Hackett's and Genesis' future works from this point onward, it's easy to see that the former took one giant leap forward, while the latter took two major leaps backward. Again, one needs to only listen to "SM" and "...ATTWT..." side by side to remove all doubts and suspicions of where the true musicianship of Genesis truly resided within the band (even though I happen to be quite fond of "...ATTWT..." - being that it's my favorite record from the trio era). So, just sit back and take in these introspective "Spectral Mornings". There's no better way to put your time to good use!     