 With "Celebrate: The Three Dog Night Story 1965-1975", there are so many hidden gems just waiting to be (re)-discovered, such as the pre-Dog Night hits and remixes of various TDN hits. Danny Hutton had a minor hit single with the song "Roses And Rainbows", while employed with Hanna-Barbera Productions (the cartoon company), where he was hired as a staff writer/producer as well as providing the voices of various cartoon characters. Hutton later had another minor hit on the MGM label titled "Funny How Love Can Be", an oompah-like, sugary-sappy love song. Cory Wells also had some minor pre-Dog Night success as a member of a Beatles-clone group known as "The Enemys". Featured in this mega-double CD collection is their track "Sinner Man", a hauntingly chilling musical number. Around the same time, The Enemys appeared on an episode of "The Beverly Hillbillies". Shortly after their rather brief appearance on that sitcom, The Enemys disbanded, and Wells formed The Cory Wells Blues Band, of which future TDN bassist Joe Schermie was also a member. About a year later, around 1967, Danny Hutton envisioned an idea of putting together a rather unique, seven piece rock group, where there would be three lead singers backed up by four competent and talented musicians. Each of the three lead singers would take turns singing lead (usually on the same song), which made for the most utterly-unique three-part harmonies, perhaps in the history of rock 'n roll. Thus, Redwood was born. Redwood was actually the brainchild of The Beach Boys' Brian Wilson, who was a friend of Hutton's, and was comprised of Danny Hutton, Cory Wells, and now Chuck Negron (whom Danny met through mutual friends) on vocals. Redwood recorded two singles, "Time To Get Alone" and "Darlin'", with the former track appearing on the "Celebrate" collection. You will hear Danny's, Chuck's and Cory's three-part harmonies really shine and are quite exceptional on "Time To Get Alone". Redwood soon disbanded shortly thereafter, due to being caught in the middle of a family feud with The Beach Boys' record label. The trio of Hutton, Negron and Wells never looked back from this point on, as they began to sow the seeds of what would eventually become Three Dog Night. The trio hired bassist Joe Schermie, keyboardist Jimmy Greenspoon and an unknown guitarist and drummer, although Michael Allsup and Floyd Sneed would join immediately after the group recorded a previously unreleased demo titled "If You Knew", which was the first song the new aggregation of TDN (sans Michael and Floyd) recorded. Michael and Floyd were not part of "the real TDN" until "Nobody" from the first TDN album was released as a single. As the rest of the story goes, Three Dog Night scored an impressive twenty-one Top 40 hits between 1969 and 1975, including eleven top ten hits and three number one hits. What makes "Celebrate" such a unique collection, is not only do you get the five above mentioned pre-Dog Night songs, you also get some unique singles remixes along with their other hits, including some album tracks as well. Featured remixes are as follows: "Try A Little Tenderness", "Eli's Coming", "Joy To The World", "Liar", "An Old Fashioned Love Song", "The Family Of Man" and "Sure As I'm Sittin' Here". I guess I could give everything away musically as to what each of these remixes entail(s), but I'd rather not do that. Instead, you'll just have to hear them for yourself. Also, as added bonuses, you'll get the previously unreleased, silly "Our "B" Side", and TDN's final Top 40 hit "Til The World Ends", which can only be found in this one-of-a-kind, double-CD collection of TDN's most loved songs...and then some. With all this great music to choose from, "Celebrate: The Three Dog Night Story 1965-1975" is destined to become a collector's item. Buy it now, before MCA takes it out of print.     