 "Seven Separate Fools" rivals "Naturally" as one of Three Dog Night's best albums in many ways. Need proof? Well, like "Naturally", "SSF" features many different musical styles. For instance, if you're into rock 'n roll with some bite, there's "Chained" and "The Writing's On The Wall". In "Tulsa Turnaround", the band appears to have their geography a little mixed up, as a line in the song is mentioned as follows: "Omaha honey had a hold on a hell of a thing" (or something to that effect!). I think the band meant to say "Oklahoma", since that's where Tulsa is located. TDN probably felt that "Oklahoma" didn't fit into the rhythm of the music, so they used the shorter "Omaha", which fit rather nicely. The band more than made up for their geographic error in "Tulsa", with one of the coolest lines in rock 'n roll history: "When A Man's Gonna Eat Fried Chicken, He's Gonna Get Greasy!". Jimmy Greenspoon's beautiful, flowery keyboard playing on the lone instrumental, titled "Prelude To Morning", is a perfect segue for the sentimental ballad "Pieces Of April", and is sure to bring a tear to your eye. Chuck Negron proves he's two singers in one here, as his high-pitched vocals featured on songs from this CD such as "Chained" and "Freedom For The Stallion" are of sharp contrast to his powerful, rough-edged vocals, as featured on "Midnight Runaway", a song about a rock 'n roll star on the road who's trapped by his own fame. A Hatfield & McCoys theme is present in "My Old Kentucky Home (Turpentine And Dandelion Wine)", and "In Bed" features a catchy, laid back beat. If you're into movie music, there's "Going In Circles". This track was featured in the motion picture "X,Y&Z", which starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton. TDN's third and final number one hit, titled "Black And White", is also featured in this fine body of musical work(s). "Black And White" was also a hit for the British reggae group Greyhound, whose version charted a year before TDN's smash single was released. For gospel music lovers, there's an absolutely beautiful balled titled "Freedom For The Stallion", which was also covered by the soul/r&b group The Hues Corporation. As noted here, "SSF" doesn't contain as many hit singles as "Naturally", but that's beside the point when you weigh both albums' musical merits, which are equal. Released in 1972, "Seven Separate Fools" was/is one of TDN's greatest achievements musically, and was/is way ahead of its time. It is highly advisable for fans of Three Dog Night to include this title in their CD collection(s) before it goes out of print. At this reduced price, it's a sure sign it won't be around forever. Don't be a "fool". Buy "Seven Separate Fools" today. You'll be glad you made this purchase!     