 Yes's "Tales From Topographic Oceans" will definitely go down in history as one of the most debateable (double) albums in rock music history, or, at least in the annals of progressive rock. Many avid Yes fans are quick to praise this double disc work a masterpiece - the best Yes ever did, while others point out that "Tales..." is an overly-flawed, ultra-bombastic disaster, or the worst album in Yes' history, or, in the minds of most prog-heads, the worst "effort" to grace the prog-rock scene in the genre's rather varied and storied history. Those who are apt to hate it, either have a short attention span, or they just don't appreciate good...make that GREAT music. And "TFTO" isn't just GREAT music...it exceeds boundaries of sheer GENIUSNESS and exudes BRILLIANCE. Here is a somewhat brief track-by-track synopsis of each of the four "movements": "THE REVEALING SCIENCE OF GOD: Dance of the Dawn": A down-to-earth, yet musically and lyrically breathtaking arrangement. The band starts off on the right foot, combining moving and soothing instrumentation, which segues nicely between time changes. Rick Wakeman's keyboards are just awesomely dazzling - the highlight of this track. Steve Howe and newcomer Alan White provide a rather homogenous rhythm section (on lead guitar and drums, respectively) thoughout parts of this track as well. All in all, a very "revealing" and enchanting listen. "THE REMEMBERING: High The Memory": The circus-like calliope opening (courtesy of Wakeman) permeates this track, coupled with Howe's acoutic-styled guitar playing. Chris Squire's thumping bass adds a little something extra to this "excursion", but otherwise, the track as a whole comes off as being the least strong of the four, only to be saved by a tender and romantic vocal from Jon Anderson. Still worth tuning into, though. On to Disc #2... "THE ANCIENT': Giants Under the Sun": What can I say about this particular movement? It is the intro of Alan White's and Chris Squire's percussive introspections and "liquid" bass playing that makes this track for me. There are other audio delights to keep an ear out for as well, so stay tuned! "RITUAL: Nous Sommes Du Soleil": The final movement of this double-CD masterpiece is the most spine-tingling and profound music ever committed to record. A prime example is chillngly displayed at around the 14:20 mark, when Alan White's chimes and Rick Wakeman's mesmerizing keyboard/synthsizer pulsations reach their ultimate climax, which make a calming transition into Steve Howe's soothing guitar crescendo towards the final minutes. Yes displays some upstanding bluesy/jazzy arpeggiations, which make sporadic appearances here, too. Now, if only Jon Anderson could work on pronouncing his French a little more properly! Overall, "TFTO" is one of Yes' most introspective and brilliant masterworks to date, with "Close To The Edge" being a close second. If only those Yes naysayers would put their own shortcomings aside and give "Tales..." another careful listen, they might like what they hear...and they, too, would regard it as a work of pure musical and lyrical genius. Yes, folks, "Tales From Topographic Oceans" will cause your ears' auditory system to experience spontaneous orgasms, so please be sure and listen with great caution!     