 The dynamically musical trio of Keith Emerson, Greg Lake & Carl Palmer have released some spectacularly crafted albums throughout their career ("Tarkus", "Trilogy", "Pictures At An Exhibition", etc.), but none can match the charismatic and artistic prowess of "Brain Salad Surgery". The album kicks off with the anthemic "Jerusalem", with a melody similarly akin to "God Save The Queen" (the British national anthem, for those who don't know). "Toccata" features a barrage of musical variances which range from racey orchestral showings to stomping percussive fireworks (courtesy of Emerson and Palmer), with plenty of artistic hooks to keep even the most casual ELP fan entertained for hours on end. "Still...You Turn Me On" is a lovely "ballad" written by Lake, which contains many wonderful indecisive qualities, as candidly expressed in the lyrics. "Benny The Bouncer" is extremely witty and comical in its own sordid, nonsensical way, and features lyrics by Pete Sinfield. This track is authenticated by Greg Lake's "half-drunken" vocal delivery, which gives it the perfect touch. It awkwardly leads its way into the masterful "Karn Evil #9 Suite", with the high water mark being the "1st Impression Part 2" section (also affectionately known as "Welcome Back, My Friends"). The other highlight of the "KE#9 Suite" is its "2nd Impression", and features yet another unique musical side of this awesome trio (and you thought ELP didn't do jazz, huh?). The entire "Karn Evil #9 Suite" is worth its weight in gold, and is THE main reason for the existence of "Brain Salad Surgery". The interview of the three band members (including Pete Sinfield, whose few lyrical contributions made great noticeable strides here) provides an insightful look into the "surgery" of this edible, tasty "salad", which was prepared with the kind of care that only Emerson, Lake & Palmer are capable of mastering. The plastic hologram cover of this special edition of "BSS" really makes H.R. Giger's cover artwork on the CD's front booklet come to life! So, by all means, come inside, come inside and see the show! ELP has a sight that'll make you drool!     