 "Dark Side Of The Moon" - the title says it all, and needs no introduction. Hence, no title name appears on its opaque black, prism dominated cover. If one were to take a copy of this landmark LP (in any of its forms, be it vinyl, CD, 8-track, cassette, etc.) out in the street (presumably of a large urban area) and show it to a random sample of, say, 1,000 people, I'd be willing to bet a year's salary that at least 750 of those randomly sampled people (3 out of every 4, or 75%), if not more, at least know this album by name, yet countless others know "DSOTM" for its sticker-shock musical and lyrical value, and with good reason. From the introductory heart pulsations of "Speak To Me", all through the hard-heavy footsteps wading their way into "On The Run", going full-steam off the beaten path into the schizoid universe of twisted logical minds that is "Brain Damage", back to those hard-pumping heartbeat rhythms to "Eclipse" this highly-rated, intellectual head-trippy melange of artistic delights. There are lots of delectably tasty hidden treasures neatly tucked away in-between, so it's best to listen to "DSOTM" all the way through to achieve maximum musical pleasure. The credit for making "DSOTM" the brainchild it has evolved into over the course of the past 29 1/2 years of this legendary album's existence rightfully goes to Roger Waters, whose varied, texture-laden lyrics and guitar dramatics, including the able assistance of David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Richard Wright, (all of whom) really pushed the musical envelope one note further and higher, thus bringing this project to its artistic knees, as "DSOTM" uses just about every audio-technical device known to man in ANY dimension. If there is even the slightest downside to this unique work of art, it would be the "commercialized" sounds of the album's only Top 40 single, "Money" (although it is a brilliant "ka-chinger", with the cash register sound effects and all), which probes the "dog-eat-dog" society in which we are accustomed to living, which catapults Waters' observations, in that society as a whole is "one day closer to death", as probed in "Time". This awakening to the realization of death is cause for "alarm" (as noted in the timepiece sound arrangements carefully augmented with magnificent timing and precision in the CD's middle section), since striving for all the excesses of life is bound to make a majority of the populace insane (except me!), as documented in the closing "Brain Damage/Eclipse". With all the style and substance of musical ambience contained in "DSOTM", it's no wonder this album has sold some 30 million copies (and rising) worldwide, making Pink Floyd one of the all-time versital and innovative acts of progressive-rock, and perhaps rock history. Even though Michael Jackson's "Thriller" LP may own the all-time record in terms of sales (in the neighborhood of 50 million units sold and counting), it will never, ever match "DSOTM"'s musical and artistic prowess, which is sensational (although "Thriller" works well as an outstanding pop album, nevertheless being somewhat dated). It's no wonder "Dark Side..." haunted the Billboard album charts for fourteen consecutive years, which makes it all the more a very fascinating and special body of work craftfully executed by one of the ambassadors of prog-rock: "The Floyd"! If the above statistical information still doesn't sway you to get off that sofa and make the all-important purchase of an infinite lifetime, well, all I can say is... "I'll see you on the 'Dark Side Of The Moon'"!     