 If you've ever seen or heard a Bill Cosby production, whether it be at a comedy club, on television, from listening to one of his classic comedy albums, or as a television commercial spokesperson for various products, then you'll realize this is a man of many talents. It is due to the mainstay of Mr. Cosby's four decades in the entertainment business, which define his enormous talents and success as an entertainer. Listening to a Bill Cosby comedy album is not only a masterful comical work in progress, but is also an educational experience in and of itself. In "Bill Cosby - At His Best", the master himself will teach you how to say no to persnickety, stubborn children (Froofie The Dog), while tickling your funny bone at the same time. Want to learn how to play "Football" the Cosby way? You can learn all about the sport in Professor Cosby's "COS ELEM FOOTBALL 101". Mr. Cosby will not only provide you with his insight on how to play the sport like a professional klutz, he'll also teach you about how to take losing a game with a sense of dignity, as well as with a sense of humor in a way that only Mr. Cosby can deliver! Why is Mr. Cosby qualified to teach this course, you ask? Because he posesses a Doctorate Degree in Education, that's why! Talk about various family members being a handful, Mr. Cosby will give it to you straight (with a twist of that ol' Cosby humor, of course!), as he lets the chips fall where they may in "My Brother Russell". The "Do's & Dont's" on how to spend a worthwhile vacation in "The Gambling Capitol of America" with your significant other is well laid out as your personal guide to "(In Las Vegas) Be Good To Your Wives". If you're just dying to know "How Fat Albert Got A Hernia", well, you'll just have to find out for yourself by listening to this priceless gem. Personally, I would not recommend beating your wife (for those of you who are married)! So, before all you frustrated guys out there get all bent out of shape, I would advise listening to "Why Beat Your Wife". The comical atmosphere will absorb those tense feelings completely out of your body! "Grover Henson Feels Forgotten" seems out of place on a comedy album, due to its musical backdrop set to Bill's narration of a letter reading, as written about and as a dedication to Grover Henson (who else?), who is stationed in the military. Grover Henson could also be either an anonymous character, or possibly one of Mr. Cosby's friends whom Bill knew from his childhood. I did not, however, find one speck of comedy in this particular dialogue, which explains why it belongs on a Top 40 countdown show and not on a comedy album. Getting back to the comedy, "The Cos" will examine the ups and downs of married life in "Bill's Marriage", so just sit back, take your shoes off, and enjoy. What? You still haven't quite gotten your fill from that "Football" class? Well, don't despair, sports minded fan(s). Professor Cosby is teaching a class in Track & Field, titled "COS ELEM TRACK & FIELD 102", aka "Track And Field High Jump". Here, you'll learn the basics of this sport and more, as well as have a jollingly, hilariously good time while doing so. Last, but not least, I'd like to pay a humble tribute to BC's son, the late Ennis Cosby, as he's the person to whom Bill's speaking about in "Ennis' Toilet". You'll probably cry as you hear this piece. Ennis wouldn't want you to be sad, so please have a chuckle or two as you listen to "Ennis' Toilet", as well as the rest of the skits featured in this comedy CD materpiece in Ennis's memory. Thank you, very much. IN LOVING MEMORY...ENNIS COSBY (1970-1997).     