 Since being in the music business almost 35 years, the dominant force of Genesis has done it all; from writing film scores to creating some of the most spectacular and breathtaking soundscapes in the history of rock music. Banks continues his remarkable musical journey on the 1991 release "Still". In order to create the perfect musical landscape, Tony has a "cast of thousands" performing vocal duties here. Nik Kershaw starts things off with the upstart "Red Day On Blue Street" - which describes the British political scene in fine lyrical form. Kershaw also lends vocals on another track; the upbeat "I Wanna Change The Score", which was co-written by Kershaw with Banks. Also joining Tony on board, is his friend (from Marillion) Fish, who performs on tracks such as the dark & decadent "Angel Face" and on the eventful "Another Murder Of A Day". Jayney Klimek is present on two vocals as well: on the hauntingly quiet "Water Out Of Wine" & on the aerobically upbeat "Back To Back", which has a similar feel to "Queen Of Darkness" - a track which was featured on Banks' previous effort, the 1989 release "Bankstatement", also featuring Alistair Gordon on vocals, as well as Klimek. Andy Taylor (no, not the Taylor from Duran Duran), is the featured vocalist on selections such as "The Gift" and on "Still It Takes Me By Surprise". Mr. Banks even gets into the singing act (no surprise), as his vocalization on his lone vocal, titled "Hero For An Hour", is both tolerable and cute on all fronts. This number's storyline features a fairy tale-like symposium, which is "front page news" in any lyrical buff's "scrapbook" of sorts. Nik Kershaw (see above) contributes the greatest number of vocal tracks here (three), and performs on the CD's closing track as well - the melancholic "The Final Curtain", whose lyrics have an eerie similarity to another Banks composition, "Fading Lights", from the Genesis album "We Can't Dance", released later the same year as "Still" (1991). This would not be the end of Banks' career as a solo artist or as a collaborator (he would go on to record two more albums with Genesis) - as on Tony's next "solo" release, titled "Strictly, Inc.", he teams up with Wang Chung's Jack Hues and other noteworthy figures in the world of music. Tony is currently working on two separate musical projects as we speak: one's an album of classical suites, the other's a rock album (the working title of this album is "Denied"). Both are scheduled for release some time in 2002. With so much already on Tony Banks' musical and artistic plate, it proves one thing: Tony Banks is "Still" the dominant force in music today. Bow before the "Lord of Keyboard"!     