 "Genesis Live", recorded during the group's British leg of the 1972-'73 "Foxtrot" tour, features many live musical highlights, many of which sound better than the actual studio recordings. The five outstanding tracks featured here cover Genesis' second through fourth albums (Trespass, Nursery Cryme, Foxtrot), which provide the listener with pure maximum musical pleasure with every note played, albeit with only a few very minor musical and lyrical glitches here and there. The opening riffs featured in the first track "Watcher Of The Skies", sound exactly like the studio version, but the pace of this live version is slowed down just a tad as the track progresses, yet picks up again towards the end. The next number, "Get 'Em Out By Friday", actually sounds better than the studio version, except for one small problem - Peter Gabriel's voicing the part of the public address announcer in this live version is voiced rather weakly here, as opposed to his voicing the part in the studio version of "GEOBF", which is carried out with such depth and intensity. "The Return Of The Giant Hogweed", also tastefully done here live, is actually better than the studio version, especially musically, as the instrumentation comes to life in this live version, although the studio version's instrumemtation barely pales in comparison. The same can be said about the live version of "The Musical Box", except Phil Collins' background voicing sounds a little off kilter, as wasn't the case in the studio version of this track. The best track on "Genesis Live" is saved for last, however, with the killer "The Knife". The differences between this live version and the original studio version are twofold, in that: One, in the original studio version, the original guitarist (Anthony Phillips) and third drummer (John Mayhew) performed on this track. These two musicians gave "The Knife" a unique musical soundscape with Ant's guitar stylings and Mayhew's unique rhythmic drumming. But, two, it is on this live version where the above musicians' replacements, Steve Hackett and Phil Collins, put their own unique musical stamp on this progressive rock masterpiece. When you hear this live version of "The Knife", it begs the question of whether or not Phillips and Mayhew's musical contributions to Genesis are missed that much, especially the former, since Ant Phillips was a major contributor to Genesis' sound. Not to take anything away from Steve Hackett, who, by all accounts, is equally as good, if not better, than Ant Phillips was with his mastery of the guitar. The only thing missing from "Genesis Live", however, is perhaps the band's best known composition "Supper's Ready". It would have been nice to have heard how Peter Gabriel would've sounded like live on this track. Personally, I think he would have provided more depth vocally to this supposed live version of "Supper's Ready" than the studio version, because, when a band usually performs live, it allows its' members to stretch their musical and lyrical wings to the fullest without trying too hard to be perfect. A live version of "Supper's Ready" is featured on the post-Gabriel double live album "Seconds Out", where Phil Collins performs Peter's vocal parts with such heart wrenching emotion and with sheer gusto, not just on "Supper's Ready", but on all the Gabriel-oriented tracks featured there. Of course, any die-hard Genesis fan would have to be bonkers if they didn't have BOTH "Seconds Out" AND "Genesis Live" in their must-have CD collection(s). Both titles are techno-audio delights to the ears, and definitely should not be missed by anyone who thoroughly enjoys classic progressive rock. Better grab 'em while they're hot!     