 Elton John's "Honky Chateau" LP, released in 1972, contains some of lyrical partner Bernie Taupin's most interpersonal and melancholic lyrics to date. As I understand, Elton John was going through some pretty rocky times at the release of this recording. As a result, Taupin's kaleidoscopic lyrics really show. Elton John basically struggled through depression throughout much of his career, which led to experimentation with various drugs later on, including cocaine (which almost killed him in 1990). Elton even had thoughts of suicide early in his career, which is a theme presented in one of the selections here, titled "I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself". The gay nineties styled music wonderfully offsets the depressed lyrics in this track, as is the case in contrast throughout most of "Honky Chateau"'s selections. Elton was also experiencing some relationship problems during this era. Songs such as "Susie (Dramas)" and "Amy" make light of these relationship dilemmas, but once again, the uplifting musical arrangements featured in these two tracks adds a silver lining to these dark, lyrical clouds. "Mellow" and "Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters" teeter on the brink a bit, although the latter number sort of probes the dog eat dog world in which we live. Quite possibly, Elton transcribed Bernie's lyrics into prayer, as is the case in the semi-optimistic "Salvation", to help EJ cope with his difficult struggles in dealing with his rise to fame, relationships, insecurities, etc. "Hercules" (Elton's "newly adopted" legal middle name by this time) displays EJ's newfound confidence being restored in the Relationships, Inc. department, as noted in the lyrics, as well as in the uptempo musical cohesiveness provided courtesy of Davey Johnstone's guitar licks and Nigel Olsson's powerful drumming technique, which is the album's saving grace in response to the somewhat down in the mouth lyrics, which have a wonderful appeal all their own. "HC"'s lone bonus track "Slave (Alternate Version)" is too uptempo, although it has a nice Jerry Lee Lewis quality to it, courtesy of EJ's quick piano ramblings. The slower version of this track, also featured here, works better on record, and fits in more comfortably with the rest of the album. "Honky Chateau"'s star tracks, "Rocket Man" and "Honky Cat" are out of the ordinary, good time standards, particularly the latter track. The Mardi Gras atmosphere of "Honky Cat" is superseded by the sci-fi theme prevalent in "Rocket Man", which gives this track an unparalleled coolness. What makes "Honky Chateau" special as well, is that it is the first in a series of Elton John albums that were recorded at the famed Strawberry Studios, located in France. EJ's next album, "Don't Shoot Me I'm Only The Piano Player" was also recorded at this same studio, and is the album that pushed Elton into international superstar status. The cold, pessimistic atmosphere of "Honky Chateau" is aesthetically pleasing, and is among EJ's and Taupin's most decoratively cherished works, which are the all-time best in the world of pop music. Folks, it's that simple, you need this CD in your Elton John and/or pop music library today!     