 "Super Hits of the '70's: Have A Nice Day Vol. 10" features many highlights. The CD kicks off with a nice, sentimental ballad titled "It Never Rains In Southern California", by English singer-songwriter Albert Hammond. This single reached the Top 5 on the U.S. Billboard chart during late '72/early '73, and the song's lyrics express/suggest a melancholic, homesick(ness) feel(ing), but it's still an enjoyable number to listen to. If you're into jazz standards recorded in the style of the (nineteen) thirties and forties, there's Hurricane Smith's "Oh Babe, What Would You Say" - a smooth, lusty ballad. Canadian trio Edward Bear saw one of their few entries enter the American charts during the Spring of '73 - "Last Song", but the Bear dropped out of sight soon afterward. Loudon Wainwright III's "Dead Skunk" is quite silly, but hits the mark musically, with its hillbilly-styled banjo rhythms. After years of trying, Dr. Hook finally got their picture on "The Cover Of The Rolling Stone" during the Spring of '73, but the residents of a particular state in our great nation mustn't have been taking heed of the major/minor (however you look at it) catastrophe that lie(d) ahead, because during one spring evening, "The Night The Lights Went Out In Georgia" while Georgians were buying some of those Rolling Stone copies. This also turned out to be Vicki Lawrence's (of The Carol Burnett Show) only hit single, which went to number one on the Billboard chart during the Spring of '73. The Gerry Rafferty-led Stealers Wheel had a Beatles-styled hit titled "Stuck In The Middle With You" in May of that same year. Also in May of '73, Dobie Gray saw yet another of his few hit singles reach the charts, the soul/r&b/gospel ladened "Drift Away" - a song that suggests the healing power rock & roll has on an individual, even through the most trying times. Legendary rock producer David Foster experienced humble beginnings while a member of the group "Skylark", who had a U.S. Top 10 hit with the erotic "Wildflower". Stories had their only number one hit in August of '73 with "Brother Louie" - a song about an uptight interracial love affair. Looking Glass' second single, "Jimmy Loves Mary-Anne", failed to recapture the success of their previous single, the 1972 chart-topper "Brandy (You're A Fine Girl)", and therefore, only rose to #39 on the Billboard Top 40 chart during the early Fall of '73. Finally, if it's the bubblegum sound that you crave, there's the DeFranco Family's "Heartbeat-It's A Lovebeat". This track is a copycat of the Osmonds and the Jackson 5 sound, which is one of the many reasons why I greatly despise it (not that I don't totally hate either The Osmonds or The Jackson 5, it's just that I'd rather leave both of or either of them than take both of or either of them, more or less), and therefore, is the main reason why "Super Hits of the '70's: Have A Nice Day Vol. 10" gets a four out of five star rating. If you're a fan of early '70's pop/Top 40 music, might I suggest you pick up a copy of this CD, because there's a good chance that it might not be around forever.     