 I bought this game the day it came out, and i have been playing it since. That is no understatement. In fact my EA Sports Bio says i have played madden over 28 days...  The most amazing improvement i have found in my time playing is definitely the defensive changes. Now you can audible individual people to do almost anything you want them to. Double team, blitz, QB spy, etc. Now you will have a better chance of stopping high powered offenses like the colts (however the colts are still really hard to stop)  Franchise mode is as good as ever. Not MUCH was changed, just little things like the Tony Bruno Show which is fun (that is until you play 5 or 6 seasons and hear the same stuff over and over again)...Storyline Central is new so now you can view email sent to you by coaches and players, and you can view the National Newspaper or the local newspapers for each of the 32 teams...I have done 5 seasons of franchise mode, but i do prefer playing online against real people because if you play against the CPU long enough, you can win every single game even on All-Madden...so then its no fun  Online is WAY improved this year...the gameplay is as sharp as it really can be, because there will always be a SLIGHT lag (we're talking like split second, not like 2 seconds)...Now you can earn trophies and medals for your accomplishments...Uhm, oh yes and the disconnects are a lot better, they really punish you for quitting (you get a loss and higher disconnect %)...sort of running out of things to say right about now....  But the main point is that I have played Madden and ESPN NFL 2K5, and though i am a little biased, i would definitely give the edge to madden. Not taking anything away from ESPN because it definitely is a great game too, especially for the 20 buck price...but Madden is just football...The gameplay is just so realistic and amazing, the detail...everything about it. Espn threw in a lot of little new improvements outside of actual gameplay. So based on gameplay, which really is the most important part of a video game, MADDEN rules again.  DEFINITELY GO BUY IT IF YOU ALREADY HAVENT!!     