 Shark Tale really was a great movie. Dreamworks adds to their list of great funny animations that kids and adults can enjoy (Shrek, Shrek 2, Toy Story movies, Finding Nemo, Monsters Inc. etc).   Shark Tale is the story of Oscar (Voiced by Will Smith) who is just a low class nobody really, that dreams of being a "somebody" and living at the top of the reef. He is always thinking about "get rich quick" plans, most of which completely fail. However, when the opportunity comes around to get rich and famous, Oscar takes it and swims with it. Frankie and Lenny the Sharks are sons of "The Don" shark, and Frankie is a typical mean shark that will eat anything, however Lenny is a nice little shark that will not eat living things because he feels sorry for them and because he is a vegetarian (which is funny to think about for a shark). Oscar gets into trouble and runs into Lenny and Frankie. Frankie is trying to get Lenny to face his fears and eat Oscar, but Lenny will not. So Frankie takes matters into his own hands and goes for Oscar himself, but in the process gets accidentally killed by a falling anchor. Oscar sees his opportunity, and claims that he killed the shark himself. He becomes known as the Shark Slayer and becomes rich and famous. Only Lenny and Oscar know of the secret that he really didnt slay the shark, and they become the most unlikely friends together to try to keep the secret and protect the reef. Thats the very basic storyline, and i'll let it go from there.   Shark Tale has wonderful animation, and it was very entertaining to watch. What the directors and producers did, was take common objects in the human world that are recognizable my most people, and "fishify" them. For instance they have "Swim" and "Dont Swim" signs in the fish world of Times Square, as opposed to walk and dont walk in the human world. Katie Current is the news anchor for the fish world, as opposed to Katie Couric in our world. Little creative things like that are what make this movie so good and funny.   The actors that do the voices for the characters are perfect, and i really enjoyed the "supporting characters" in the movie that make it so funny. Like the 2 jamaican rastafairian jelly fish voiced by Doug E. Doug (cool runnings) and Ziggy Marley. They were hilarious and very cool looking at that. The soundtrack to the movie is great too, with a lot of new hip stars such as Christina Aguliera and Missy Elliot doing a remake of "Car Wash", Ludacris has a little piece in it called "Gold Digger" which i enjoy a lot in the movie, and Ziggy Marley does a remake of one of his brother, Bob Marley's songs.   Overall, Dreamworks did a great job on this animation and i really enjoyed it a lot. Many adults will laugh more than kids only because they understand the more adult related jokes, but the kids will enjoy it because of its creativity and bright colors. A great movie for all ages, if you liked the previous Dreamworks and Pixar movies, then this one is a must. Good job Dreamworks/Pixar!!!     