 Mike Lupica has definitely grown on me. I have read 3 of his books now, and each one was progressively better i think. The reason, is because i got used to his writing style. At first, i did not like it too much as it was a bit confusing to follow, but then i definitely got used to it. What he does, is uses incomplete sentences to emphasize his point. Here is an example taken directly from Red Zone: "That was it. She never lied, about anything. Ever." He does this in all of his novels all the way through. But anyways, back to Red Zone. Red Zone is the sequel of Bump and Run, and you really should read that one before this. Lupica does catch you up with everything that happens in Bump and Run, its just easier to follow if you actualy read it. Red Zone is the story of Jack Molloy, known as the Jammer in Vegas, and his life as a football owner. His dad was the owner of the New York Hawks, and when he died he gave half the team to Jack and the other half to Jacks twin brother and sister. Their dad gave Jack the final decision making however, so he was techinally the "head owner" (this happened in Bump and Run). Jack steps in to run the team, some things happen but i wont tell you what happens in case you want to read bump and run and to make a long story short, he enjoys running the team. Red Zone starts in the offseason when Dick Miles, the classic rich guy who gets what he wants, asks to buy Jack's half of the team. The twins had already accepted Dicks offer to sell their share of the team, so Dick owned half of the team as it stood already. Jack refuses, and then Dick comes up with a better offer. He will buy half of Jacks half so then Jack will still be apart of the team. Dick will own 75% of the team, Jack the remainder. They will be partners according to Dick. But Jack soon regrets selling as Dick gives Jack no part in the team. Thats the basic starting point of the book. Lupica then throws the reader on all sorts of ups and downs. Sometimes you are pissed off when reading it, sometimes sad, happy, laughing...everything. Lupica created such a great story, that only a genious author could come up with and have it all tie in and make sense come the end of the book. Lupica has made himself into the master of writing hilarious sports novels. Several times while i was reading the book i found myself laughing out loud for minutes at a time. Lupica is great, the book is great, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!      