 I stayed up late reading this novel and thought it was a terrific read.   You may feel a bit taxed at first. As other reviewers have mentioned, the book starts slow, but then really picks up as the plot gets impossibly complicated. The ending is clearly a parody of the endings of deux-ex-machina Victorian novels.  Perhaps this factoid will shed some light on Lodge's inspiration for the novel ... One of Lodge's favorite writers is Henry Green, who wrote one of the great factory novels of the 20th Century, Living. Green and Lodge both worked in Birmingham, and Lodge himself says the fictional town of Rummidge is located on the map exactly where Birmingham is. With the parodies of 19th Century novels, and this inspirational aspect of Living, there's a lot of referencing going on and I'm probably not the only reader who couldn't keep up.  Where the book stumbles, that is, falls just this short of being an all-time classic, is Lodge's handling of the factory half of the novel. Part of the problem is Lodge handles the academic scenes with ease and authority, knowing exactly what's important and exactly what's not. Not so with the factory. Lodge's narrator comes across as a reporter, that is, not from lived experience (his filtering the factory through Robyn Penrose was perhaps necessary but tipped the balance of the book in favor of academia) and perhaps that's why the novel moves so slowly in the early going. Lodge didn't quite have the same level of confidence as he does with his rendering of academic life (or Green does with factory life), it seems to me.  A second quibble seems the affair between the two main characters. The plot seems forced at times and the closure twenty times as forced ... but this criticism runs into the intertextuality issue I mentioned above.  Perhaps I'm showing my own biases in this review ... I would've preferred to see the values of the business world set in equal play with the values of the academic world and seem where things ended up ... but Lodge may have had nothing of the sort in mind when he wrote the novel.     