 This is a big picture account of Britain's involvement in India from the mid-1700s to 1947. On the whole its very enjoyable and enlightening and worth four stars for its content and style. The exception is anepilogue which tries to credit Britain with everything that's good about modern India and blame all its faults on geopolitics and the Indian psyche....whatever that might be. It's hard to describe how angry I felt when reading such biased nonsense. Raj's strength is the period running up to the mutiny. From the early days of the East India Company, to the hours running up to the mutiny, James paints the pre-imperial days as an merchant's adventure story that was spoiled by cynical exploitation of the native population by missionaries and Darwinists and the imposition of an unfair tax system that will sound familiar to many from other colonial regimes.  After reading the early chapters, you'll wonder why the mutiny didn't come any sooner.  Then, in 1857, comes the imposition of colonial rule. James views the 90 years of London rule as a positive period - except, that is, for the Amritsar massacre and other obvious misdeeds. India was left with a free flowing democracy, a competent civil service and a judicial legal service. Apparently, this is something that the British should be proud of. The period is covered in great detail and - if you're prepared to ignore the author's obvious love of the empire - then you'll learn quite a lot. Predictably, James doesn't have much to say on the arrogance with which Britain administered its colonial subjects. (Those wishing a more balanced account should check out City of Djinns by William Dalrymple.)  Despite these flaws, I'd still say Raj is well worth the effort. There's quite a lot on the Great Game, loads on the day-to-day drudge of working for the Empire and some decent maps that help to explain your geographical questions.  James also kicks things off with some initial mumble on the Mughal decline that sets the stage quite nicely.  Four stars....with reservations     