 As a expose on the luddite fund-raiser that is TV-environmentalism this in-depth statistical page turner has very few peers.    I have to admit that as a classically-trained, professional economist I am biased.  Man's achievements in terms of wealth creation, poverty reduction and life expectancy over the last hundred years or so leave me utterly awestruck.  I have no truck whatsoever with people who claim to have the third world at heart, but whose self-promoting policies would clearly consign Africa and the even less well off to perpetual poverty, endless epidemics and non-genetic crop failure and starvation.   Nevertheless, I try to listen to all the views and Lomborg appears to have done much the same.  What made TSE stand out for me was the way the author treats everyone with sympathy & patience - even mindless buffoons who think that food production depends on land mass or that a high oil price spells doom for the world economy.    And in contrast to what Lomborg's many detracters would like you to believe, it appears to me that he has a reasonably good grasp of the issues involved. Reasonably.  This is probably what lies  behind the many distastefully rabid denouncements by his former friends.  Had TSE been written by policy wonks at the Cato Institute, it would hardly have been mentioned in popular circles.  But Lomborg is a former card-carrying environmentalist who had the courage to risk reputation and career by announcing, 'I was wrong.  We really are in great shape.'    It wasn't until he actually looked at all the numbers that he realised things aren't getting worse  .... but only if you do your numbers properly and put realistic timeframes on your projections.  TSE is worth reading just to see why - although it's worth noting that Lomborg is no raging libertarian.  He's a European social-democrat who believes in public/private co-operation and long-term policy plans.  Criticially, BL focuses in on the main obstacles to bettering mankind's lot and what can best be achieved by using cost-benefit analysis and long-term data trends  - rather than starting with a thesis and choosing 'friendly' data points.  The end result is a very readable - if occasionally dry - trot through our world and its state of being.   So if you are open-minded, in search of ideas and believe in our ability to invent and adapt through market-based choices, then you'll probably like this book.  Alternatively, if your world is full of storm clouds, a paranoid fear of debate and a love of authoritarian bureaucracy, then keep your money.  You'll hate its breezy open-minded outlook on life.  Lastly, to our environmentalist brethren, please, please, please stop telling us all to wake up.  Thirty years ago you shouted about the coming ice age.  Now it's global warming/dimming. Virtually all government interference results in 'solutions' that create problems far worse than the original.  And in our world, where climate/living conditions are changing, but in ways that are not properly understood, the thought of mixing scientific uncertainty with bureaucratic bunglng is frightening to say the least.  For this reason there is nothing more healthy than informed, open-minded debate where all the facts are laid bare.  That way everyone can make choices and changes can come about naturally.  Five stars to Mr Lomborg for helping us all to do just that.       