  As a long-term Hongkong resident and sentimental fool, I'm almost bound to say that Gweilo and my adopted home are utter magic. Sadly, I live in London right now and, like me, those with a tendency to homesickness will probably read Gweilo and immediately want to get on the first Cathay flight home.     For Gweilo is a terrific story with intimate glimpses of Hongkong in the fifties seen through the eyes of a curious little boy called Martin and his ill-suited, warring parents.  It gets five stars just for the author's enviable ability to conjure up unforgettable images in a splendid pacy style.   `Memories of a Hong Kong Childhood' is only half memories though, with much of it reading like a novel.  Yet the plot is extremely simple; young boy and open-minded mother have the life-changing experience of leaving post-war Blighty for somewhere exotic while insecure, racist father does everything in his power to undermine their attempts to fit in with the locals and learn something new.     An eventful tug of war between cultures and enlightenment, it will undoubtedly invite empty-headed complaints from the usual suspects that these are the memories of a privileged set that lived in a world far above the toil and filth of the great unwashed.  But, as always, this would miss the point.  Gweilo is a celebration of life through the eyes of a little boy, unburdened by guilt or irony.    In fact, somewhat perversely, the book's only real weak point is Booth's revelling in Daddy-bashing.  Even though the tales of Pop's sycophantic attempts to ape the naval officers he would never become are hilarious, it is worth remembering that both mother and boy might never have had their opportunity were it not for Booth senior.  (Booth's description of his father dressing up as a naval officer, but without epaulets, is very funny).   Even so, Booth's memories shine with an exotic cast of characters that his parents possibly never knew about - in particular, his slipper-wielding pink gin Dad.  Along the way we meet triad gangsters, temple monks, opium smokers, soothing mama-sans, snake charmers, fortune tellers, tram drivers, scary dentists and whitey policemen barking out orders in Cantonese. There are household cooks who could make flans levitate, hotel gardeners with murder on their minds and an English naval officer who even liked Cantonese food (Ye gods!).   There are great little nuggets of colonial and Cantonese culture too; like the horrors of the Shek Kip Mei squatter fire & WW2 resistance, the colourful spectacle that is Cantonese opera and the fabulous beaches, mountains and nature trails that make up 60% of the territory.  The cast of characters in the employ of Mrs Booth are a lasting example of humanity at its best, even in the midst of appalling poverty.    Readers also learn why the Booths were responsible for laws which prohibit cars from turning in front of trams or why the lions outside HSBC in Queen's Road, Central are called Stewart and Stitt and how awful it must have been as a refugee after the Maoist coup d'etat in 1947.  There are splendid bits on the huff and puff of Typhoon season and all the madness that goes with it.  We're regaled with the festival of the ghosts where paper houses and bags of money are set alight for ancestors.  And we get glimpses into those never to be seen again expat `hygiene' days on Shek O beach, that magical haven on Hongkong island's southeast coast where my own wife-to-be finally said `yes' in the waves and the moonlight.   But for those who already know Hongkong well, a word of warning.  While Gweilo is written in a chatty, amusing style, you'll find your mind wandering as each new situation arises.  As I read, I became addicted to getting out the maps and trying to figure out where exactly young Martin had been that day.  Many of the experiences and destinations were as unfamiliar to me as they would be to a relative newcomer.    And in contrast to comments in some reviews, much of what Booth describes hasn't existed for a very long time. The hotels that the Booth's lived in disappeared long ago.  Boundary Street is notable only for Britain's shameful handover negotiations.  The Booth's apartment on Mount Austin lasted until 1998 when it was torn down and replaced with digs more in common with cramped modernity.  Rickshaws I've never seen, and the idea that a local might take stick from the white man is laughable.     Despite these distractions, though, I reckon that anyone with imagination will have booked their ticket long before they near the ending.  Gweilo may be more time capsule than travelogue, but the magical intensity and groovy weirdness live on, little changed from the days when Booth junior first set foot.   Summing up, Time magazine probably put it best when it said, ` ... this sunny, luminous memoir - along with the three forthcoming children's books the dying Booth also completed - will have to serve as his epitaph, ensuring that he will remain forever young'.    I couldn't agree more.  Rest in Peace Mr Booth.   Viva Hongkong!     