 In Downfall, Richard B. Frank has done a wonderful job in bringing together the facts about US bombing raids on Japan, the invasion and counter-invasion plans in 1945/46, the awful truth about the Japanese economy in the lead up to surrender and the victories won by US military intelligence. But while it's very hard to fault what he's put together, I have one major complaint. Frank's objective appears to be to prove that the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki were the primary events that brought about the final capitulation.  Many reviewers go for this but I believe that, if judged by this objective, the book is much less successful.   As Downfall draws to a close, Frank repeatedly makes the point that that the atomic cataclysm forced the Emperor to sue for peace. While the evidence that Japan wasn't serious about peace until early August 1945 is undeniable, this claim that the bomb did the trick simply doesn't wash.   In fact, even Frank doesn't even seem to believe his plot completely since the list of factors leading to capitulation changes between the final chapters and the conclusion. In the final chapters he states that the A bombs did it and the Soviet declaration of war wasn't important. Then in the conclusion he lists both events - along with others. Any source that doesn't back him is dismissed, often on the spurious grounds that people who write their memoirs are less reliable than those who testify immediately after the event. In the end we get a shabby list of Japan's wartime iniquities, as if to cover for Frank's unconvincing atomic thesis.  I found this a sad ending to what could have been the definite history of Japan's defeat.   After reading Downfall, I am no less convinced that the USSR's declaration of war on Japan was, at least, partly responsible for the Emperor's decision to sue for peace. Tojo and his gangster fiends were psychopaths.  To grant them rational status and to say that an atomic light show brought them to their knees just doesn't do it for me.  Once the Soviets had declared war, any chance of winning was over and any chance of obtaining a favourable armistice was totally gone. It was either utter annihilation or unconditional surrender.  Somehow, and I'm still not quite sure how, we got surrender.   Despite this gripe Downfall is still a fabulous book and should be read by anyone who thinks the end of WW2 was a 'cakewalk'. The wealth of details that describe US conventional bombing raids and Japanese attempts to avoid unconditional surrender, despite being hopelessly defeated, is staggering. Frank's analysis of the work of US code breakers, their relationship with policymakers and the awful choices that have to be made in times of war is an invaluable insight into how the Pacific War was won.  This really is top-notch stuff.  Four stars.     