 John Dower's recent offering is a lively page-turner as well as an all-embracing account of MacArthur's presidency after WWII. It deals with almost every aspect of Japanese society following the cessation of hostilities and then goes on to chart how life changed over the course of the Occupation. It's sympathetic look at Japanese society and doesn't shy away from pointing the finger at US hypocrisy when the Cold War changed American attitudes towards Japan's burgeoning political parties - particularly those on the left of the political spectrum. Embracing Defeat is a very, very good book.  Some reviewers believe that Dower has whitewashed the fact that Japan never publicly admitted its war guilt. I don't think this is fair since it is common knowledge that they haven't - at least as a state. There seems little point in repeating what everyone already knows.  Where Dower does break new ground is his analysis of why there has never been an admission of guilt. A deal was done to pin the blame on the militarists and absolve Hirohito and, by extension, his loyal subjects too. Moreover, at the time, it was widely touted that Japan had been defeated by science and not the Allied forces. The Americans were just as guilty as the Japanese when it came to spreading disinformation about who was to blame.  On a wider scale, Embracing Defeat looks at a vast array of topics. We see how society changed once the Emperor declared an end to the war. Japanese became entrepreneurial almost over night after spending almost twenty years as yes-men to the militarists. There was a burgeoning of political, artistic and lifestyle movements that formed the basis for today's world-wide love affair with Japanese comics and cartoons. Dower takes us through the formation of the new constitution and leaves you fully congiscent as to why the 'Convoy' system so derided by Washington is in fact an American creation that the Japanese have never tried to change.  Then there's an account of the war trials where Tojo went through the trap door. In Dower's opinion, the show trials were cleansing act of revenge without a proper trial or any attempt to round up those really responsible. This is probably correct, although some readers will find it hard to stomach given the staggering atrocities committed by Japanese forces throughout the Pacific Rim.  The one area that is badly lacking, however, is economics. Japan experienced chronic hyperinflation before the Pacific War and remains highly reliant on imports of almost every raw material. The economy was absolutely knackered by 2nd September 1945. Its railways and maritime capabilities had been almost totally destroyed.  So, how did Japan manage to stabilise its economy and then go on to become the world's second largest economy? I know since I'm an financial economist in Asia. But most readers probably aren't and I'm sure they'd like to know. Dower makes a stab at it, but this part reads more like an add on written by a historian with little knowledge of the Dismal Science.  Still, I really liked Embracing Defeat for its broad sweep coverage of MacArthur's reign. Four stars.     