 I'm not a great fan of Colin Thobrun. His style is dark and often involves too much conversation with people he meets along the way. But this time, though, CT is in a part of the world that is almost lost in time - a place that's perfect for his dark moody style. Some pictures would have made it really memorable. But that's just a minor quibble. This is travel writing from the centre of the wilderness.  CT will conjure images that you'll find hard to forget.  The trip begins on a shuddering train journey east to Ekaterinburg, the scene of the Romanov massacre in 1917. After a brief stop, and some musings on their fate, Thubron sets off east on a tour of Siberia and the lands taken over during the great push eastwards and Stalin's purges. Off we go, up and down the great raging rivers, to once-important communities long forgotten by Moscow. How desperate are the lives of people who once took everything for granted and who now have next to nothing. Thubron's dark style is perfect for the characters and mind-sets of post-Soviet Siberia.  We visit Lake Baikal - the world's deepest lake - and Irkutsk, the scene of Russia's gold rush in the 19th century. What a mad place that must have been. There were dancing troupes from around the world, carpet baggers and all manner of adventurers. I bet few, if any readers, know anything about this place and its highly colourful past.  We meet mad scientists, mystics and religious nutters (often the same people) and hear the tales of Russian insensitivity towards local ethnic groups. Half the place seems close to destitution. The fate of missionaries who spent twenty years in the wild and frozen east without a single conversion left me morbid, but absolutely riveted.  Finally, Thubron takes us over the edge into a very dark place. The death camps of Northeast Siberia.  CT doesn't hold back. Through local guides and interpreters he describes the absolutely awful, tragic death camp butchery at Magadan and Kolyma where temperatures regularly reach 50 below and prisoners often had little more than a hole in the ground for shelter.  I'm sure he'll never forget what he saw and was told as he walked around ghost-ridden huts that once housed screams and tortured innocents.   I'll never forget In Siberia.  Brilliant.     