 Very few, I doubt, will be disappointed with Rashid's latest offering - especially those wanting an in depth look at why bombing Afghanistan is unlikely to be successful in the war against terrorism.    I read Taliban: Islam, Oil and the New Great Game in Central Asia (UK version) when it first came out in early 2000 and found it extremely thought provoking.  I read it again after the New York bombings and now believe it is the best intro on the market.  His analysis is prefect for the international reader trying to get to grips with an unknown entity.  It should be.  He's a very well respected South Asia journalist and one of the few who've actually been there since day the Soviet tanks rolled in.  His contacts in the region are unparalleled.  To be sure, everyone comes out of this book looking bad - in particular the Saudis, the Pakistani government's of Zia-ul-Haq/Bhutto(s) and the United States.  You're left feeling extremely sorry for the ordinary Afghani who has been a pawn in a grotesque game of chess played between the major powers for as long as anyone can remember.  But domestic history and tribal rivalries also play a huge part. As the title suggests, there are three parts to the book.  To set the stage, Rashid gives a detailed account of Afghanistan's miserable history since the revolution in 1973. It details bitter infighting between various tribal and religious groups in the immediate aftermath of the Soviet withdrawal, the civil war that ensued when President Najibullah was deposed and the rise of the Taliban out of religious schools in Pakistan.  It's ugly, full of horrifying images and not in the least bit afraid of telling the story as he saw it, right there in front of his eyes. Rashid then goes on to give the international reader an insight into the inner workings of the Taliban movement from various angles -: its interpretation of the Koran, its social policies, its reliance on revenue from the drugs trade (a Pakistani/CIA invention) and its relationship with international terrorists such as Osama bin Laden.  The accounts are factual, not judgemental - ideal for those who want to make up their own mind.    The final seventy pages are a delight for Great Game fans since Rashid dives deep into the dark seedy world of international politics, the oil industry and how Afghanistan was/is a buffer between the competing interests of a vast array of players such as Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, the United States and many, many others including Argentina ... yes Argentina.   It ends with an almost melancholy plea on behalf of ordinary Afghanis.  Leave us alone to run our own country is the message.  After reading its 244 pages you'll probably agree.  My own belief is that Peter Hopkirk's book `The Great Game'  might actually be a better place to start.  Hopkirk's classic is a one-in-a-million trip through the Anglo-Soviet `Cold War' of the 19th and early 20th centuries, the blood-curdling Afghan wars and the race to colonise what are now known as the central Asian republics.  Is it any wonder people are full of loathing for interfering foreigners? The only difference these days is that the British have dropped out of sight - except for the SAS that is.     