 I'd been meaning to read Antoine de Saint-Exupery's 1939 tale of his early flying days for many years.  It's only a little book, some 120 pages long, and you can read it easily within a day.  Overall, I sort of enjoyed it and the introduction by the English translator.  (I read the new 1995 translation published by Penguin Paperbacks).     Antoine de Saint-Exupery was an aviation pioneer and he and his friends' many crash survivals are retold in lurid detail.  There are tales of fantastic escapes following mountain-side crashes in the Andes.  There is also lament for those free-spirited pioneers who never returned.  Even so, I wouldn't say this is the classic that many have made it out to be.  It's fairly entertaining.  His earlier works are supposed to be better and more fluid and I'll give them a go at a later date.  But for now, the main problem I found with Wind, Sand and Stars is that it is more a collection of shorts inter-woven with Saint-Exupery's philosophical musings on life and death behind the joy-stick.  As such, it isn't a tale that begins, gains momentum and races towards a final frenetic conclusion.  It reads more like a series of diary entries with orders to the existential milkman thrown in between.    The biggest disappointment for me was the so-called classic account of his miraculous escape from the clutches of the sandy Libyan desert.  Try as he might de Saint-Exupery's writing didn't inspire the same dry-mouthed anticipation made marvellous by Camus in his shorter works.   Overall, Wind, Sand and Stars is great for a lazy day in the garden when you want a bit of escapism.  The world of de Saint-Exupery's, in his early pioneering days, was very different to the cushy world most of us inhabit.  Where Saint-Exupery and friends risked life and limb heading off into mountainous terrain in little more than motorised kite, the biggest risk most of us ever take is deciding which stocks to buy to where to go on holiday.  For this reason alone, I'd recommend giving Wind, Sand and Stars an afternoon's attention.  Three/four stars.     