 Somewhere before the Lilith's and the Boy Bands there was the land of 80's pop mastery and somewhere along the line spanning from the mid 90's to today, it has been completely watered down and manufactured to the embodiment that is Hilary Duff.  So for a long time, all of us Gen X & Gen Y music lovers have been salivating for a return of brilliant POP that never seemed to die in Britan (see Sophie Ellis Bextor and Dannii Minogue) but never seemed to make it over to this side of the pond.   When Gwen Stefani set out to make a dance record as a solo debut, it was hard to imagine her screwing it up, filling it up with Hip-Hop/R&B collaborations with every imaginable artist, or calling up Cathy Dennis for a Toxic a la Britney Spears or even becoming a Disney channel character actor only to then suddenly become a manufactured pop star.  What Gwen Stefani produced on this album is nothing short of an original recording so sinfully delicious you have to shut it off for fear of obsession or fear of wearing it out too fast.  The lead off track is brilliant and bittersweet.  Rich Girl offers an 80's dance slam on a piano I haven't felt since the likes of Black Box and a chorus so catchy I am screaming to either be Teve from Fiddler on the Roof or a Harajuku Girl.  Cool is the modern day equivalent of a classic Prince song (take your pick)blended with a bit of Cyndi Lauper.  Holla back girl is the 2004 Mickey.  Harajuku girls is a total original, followed by Real Thing that is so influenced by New Order you have to wonder if it wasn't really a B-side to Bizzare Love Triangle.    Admitedly some tracks are misses that keep it from a true 5 stars, but Serious is THE track on this album.  This track is so painfully good you can't help but hit repeat when it is over.  It recalls Madonna's Causing a Commotion so vividly and is so risky for a track made in 2004, you have to give Ms. Stefani total credit for stepping out there and just doing her own thing and having fun.  In the end that is what this album is all about: taking risks and having fun.  And at the end of the day, isn't that the kind of POP we would rather be hearing on the radio.  Hopefully this album will spark some sort of pop revolution in the US, otherwise, I fear radio is lost forever and pop is really dead.  Grade: A-   If you like this album check out:  Shoot From The Hip by Sophie Ellis Bextor, Neon Nights by Dannii Minogue, Rippin Kittin by Golden Boy and Miss Kitten, Comfortably Numb by The Scissor Sisters      