 After I heard this album and read that 'My Heaven' was based on The Lovely Bones by Alice Seibold, I ran right out and bought the book.  This novel deserves it's own review, but I can say if you have read this book, you need to listen to this song and vice versa. Maybe this review is based on the blurred experiences I've had reading that book and listening to this music, but I truly believe that music hits you at times when you need it and its messages the most.  There comes a time in life when you let go of the authority that youth imposes and create the life you want.  You grow up, you get older and at some point the baggage of youth just has to be left in the past.  Mary echos this in her music and weaves an 'i can't believe my ears' sonic landscape.  From instances of love lost on 'what would you say', migrating and changing friendships on 'Luna's Gone', to finally growing up and realizing that death is not a stopping point on 'Between Here and Gone' and 'My Heaven' respectively, this album is lush and dense.  Mary's voice is unbelieveable on this recording.  It is rich and strong and absolutely gorgeous.  This voice is only matched by the content of this cd: what it means to love, to lose someone you love and miss dearly every day, to grow up and move on, and to finally wake up one day and be comfortable in your own shoes.   The pinnacle of this recording is Elysium, which few reviewers have touched in their meanderings on this album.  It is nothing short of one of the greatest love songs ever written.  It is brutally honest in its approach and free from cliche.  It speaks to love as a creature of the moment and how life somehow weaves you toward love at some point and if the circumstances are just right, the winding road of life straightens itself out in that perfect moment.  You never had a map, you had no direction, it just happened. If you enjoy this recording, check out Vienna Teng's Warm Strangers, Sarah Harmer's All of Our Names and the Indigo Girls' All That We Let In....three of the most incredible releases of this year     