 It must be really difficult to write an album that is sublime and flowing and then end it with a powerhouse track like constant craving and have everyone not really notice what the rest of the album had to say.  Imagine what Ingenue would have been like if it didn't have a constant craving and imagine if that album were an album of covers of influential singer/songwriters that may have lead you to your Ingenue.  It would be Hymns of the 49th Parallel.    This album is every bit as captivating as Ingenue and while it lacks the amazingly delivered substance of a constant craving, the meat is still here, with k.d. focusing on her charasmatic and smokey voice, possibly better than it has ever sounded.  k.d. lang sounds confident and calm on this album and each track flows into the rest.  The minimalist orchestration backing each track is so perfect and is a conduit, in addition to k.d.'s voice, to falling in love with this album.    So imagine having a career in music, churning a whole bunch of albums out and realizing that an album of covers interpreted your own way is indeed not only your second coming but arguably your best album minus a constant craving...I smell a Medusa.  My favorite tracks are Jericho, Helpless, k.d.'s own Simple, and Love is Everything.  My only negative is the following:  If I heard k.d.'s version of A Case of You before I heard Diana Krall or Mitchell's own jazz rendition a la Both Sides Now, I would say that k.d.'s would be my favorite, but I think that Krall was meant to truly sing that song and does a much more heartwrenching version, although k.d. was probably meant to sing Love is Everything, and that makes up for this tiny, miniscule, slip.  Regardless, this album is to k.d. lang as Both Sides Now was to Joni Mitchell: an absolute feel it to your bones collection of songs about the human condition, love and life.  It is really a beautiful achievement.  If this album is your thing, check out Alison Moyet's Hometime, Vienna Teng's Warm Stragers, Rufus Wainwright's Poses, Joni Mitchells Both Sides Now and Bjork's Vespertine     