 I have been into Sarah since my freshman year in college when Fumbling was owned by ever college kid on my hall. Nine years, a surfacing, a lilith fair, a mirrorball and a long and much deserved rest later, Sarah McLachlan digs back into the past and resurfaces with an album that is both timid and kind of shocking.  Many reviews say this album is too mellow or it sounds too much like Surfacing, but what resonates most when I hear this album are the most luxurious moments on her second album Solace combined with some of the haunting elements of Fumbling and Surfacing.  I am one Sarah fan who did not obsessively LOVE Surfacing because I jumped on the Sarah boat long before her 8-million selling opus Surfacing was released and thought it was more for the masses and less for the underground Sarah 'word of mouth' fan.   The title Afterglow is perfect because after all the fame and exposure, here is an album that certainly doesn't lack any consistancy nor does it lack the style that longtime Sarah fans have come to expect and BEST OF ALL, it does not feel like a mass marketable album.  This album is Sarah going back and revisiting her early recording days and literally resurfacing with an album greater than the sum of it's parts, an album that people who don't know her work will ask 'hey..this is gorgeous and intense, who is it?'   Afterglow is a celebration of everything that began with Touch and climaxed with Surfacing.  It sonically attempts to answer what does an artist do when they have a mega-selling release and still maintain integrity as a songwriter and artist.     Fallen is an instant Sarah classic that bleeds into the amazing World on Fire that sounds like the creative child of both Solace and Fumbling.  The next track, Stupid is an intense and passionate track that harkens back to B-Side's Dear God.  This is aptly followed by the beautiful Drifting and the layered alto-soprano droll we all love that fumbles into Trainwreck, containing one my favourite sarah chorus' written to date and a sonic compliment to Surfacing's Black&White.  Answer is the Answer to Surfacing's Angel.  Push is a tender love song that I have no comparison to make.  Time, on the other hand, is a complex track filled with more layered vocals that I adore and rhythmically similar to Solace's Shelter.  The album closes with Dirty Little Secret that can only be described as a cross between Surfacing's Full of Grace and B-Sides Song for a Winter's Night.  If you love Joni Mitchell and Sarah, this song is an absolute delight. So let the critics balk at this disc and let the die hard surfacing fans be disappointed.  This an album for the fans who have appreciated all of Sarah's works, not just one album.  After hearing so many elemnets of prior albums on this disc, I really feel it is journey back to take a step forward.  The music world and lovers of music have waited long for this album to be released, and it is an absolute pleasure on my ears and my soul....like every single release this amazing artist has produced.     