 I feel like a heel after reading all the great reviews for the book. JAK is one of my FAV authors - I owe every one of her titles except the Eclipse Bay collection. Unfortunately, a few chapters into "All Night long," I was certain I had read this before - even though it's a new release. And, in effect, I have.   This book is a combination of JAK's "Absolutely, Positively" (hero's perceived problems with intimacy and family intervention); Dee Davis' "Dark of the Night" (for the political family with secrets angle); and Chapman's "Seductive Imposter" (for the tragic murder-suicide that divided a small-town family and the details on the inner workings of a small town).  Maybe I just read too much, but to me, this effort wasn't nearly up to par with JAK's past work. Last year's "Falling Awake" was phenomenol. It was unique, thrilling and kept me turning pages until the wee hours - and until I was finished. With "All Night Long," I had to force myself to turn the pages.   The killer's ID was a surprise, and yet it wasn't.  Irene and Luke are fallible characters that you can't help but want to know more about. As a former long-time journalist, Irene's character seems to know a lot more about investigative reporting than a typical small-town newspaper reporter, BUT you have to remember that she's had years to think over the scenarios, the connections and she has a burning in her soul to know the truth. That would make any person more adept at asking the tough questions. JAK never really told us about Luke's Marine background; the intimacy issues were the only things that had detail - that and the fact that he wasn't into the family wine biz. And one annoying detail - his seemingly intelligent family is led around my the nose by a psychologist who is determined to prove Luke has PTSD. I think it would have given more credence to the family's concern for Luke had JAK added a graph or two about what he saw - maybe through a nightmare that he awakens from and talks about with Irene.  "All Night Long" is well-crafted novel that is a pinch of this book and a dash of that book, but it doesn't have its own identity. For that reason alone, it's not a "full-price" buy.   But if you like JAK like I do, it's a given that you'll want this book for your shelf. But you might want to purchase a used or on-sale copy. Or wait for the paperback.     