 As far as animated Batman series go I much prefer the series that ran during the '90's on the WB rather than the current incarnation. In fact I've only seen a mere handful of the new series and just wasn't inspired enough to tune in for more.  Well, if this direct to DVD movie is anything to go by I may have to change that attitude.  I had no intention of buying this DVD (no really, I swear I didn't) but something made me take a chance on it while I was picking up the other Batman DVD releases on that fateful Tuesday afternoon.  Frankly I'm glad I did because "Batman vs Dracula" is really a dang good animated Batman adventure and a fine Halloween treat to boot.  Now I won't claim it to be perfect (because it isn't) but it is a more than decent direct to DVD release.   The story involves Joker and Penguin escaping from Arkham Asylum in search of a treasure hidden within the depths of Gotham Cemetary.  The Joker/Penguin alliance falls apart and it is the Penguin who stmbles not upon the treasure but the remains of Count Dracula himself.  In true Hammer film style Penguin accidently resurrects Dracula, becomes his thrall and the two begin to unleash a reign of terror upon Gotham City as the Count begins to transform its citizens into vampires.  The creation of these "Lost Ones" is blamed on the Dark Knight and he begins to realize he has more on his hands than the average maniacal super villain he usually has to contend with.  The irony of two individuals who use a bat as their avatar to achieve their ends is not lost upon Dracula (or the writers) and he soon sets out to destroy the Cowled One.  I won't go into any more of the plot, you get the general idea.  However I should point out that the writers have included a few more story threads and plot twists than what I've revealed here and thats what makes this film both enjoyable and a bit frustrating.  On the one hand there is more substance to the story than I would have expected for what is generally considered "kiddie fare" and while there are some good adult oriented story ideas and concepts they aren't always as fully explored as I would have liked.  Still, its hard to fault this film too much.  I can tell that the film makers were genuinely enthusiastic about the project and that really comes across in the final product more than any flaws and plot holes the film may have.  A word of warning to parents of small children.  This film does contain considerable amounts of blood and violence not to mention the sheer creepiness of many of the vampire scenes.  If you have little ones who are easily frightened you may want to pass on this particular Batman adventure.   When I say that the vampires are creepy I mean just that.  There were one or two moments when even this jaded horror movie junkie got a goosebump or two.  The sight of a vampire Joker lapping blood up off the floor (while not the creepiest scene in the film) is one I'll not get out of my head for awhile.  As for the DVD itself: the transfer is good and crisp and the sound is presented in Dolby 5.1.  No widescreen unfortunately.  A few meager extras such as the voice actors hamming it up, a science vs superstition segment, and trailers round out the supplemental features.  Bottom line: this isn't the greatest animated Batman yarn out there but it is a good thrill ride none the less.  It offers more substance than many films of its kind and will appeal to adults and older kids alike.  I can't reccomend it for sensitive younger viewers but for the older kids and adults who would like a good Batman Halloween treat you can't go wrong with this one.     