 Vincent Price will always be remembered best for his numerable horror film roles.  While many of these films may be less than stellar, occaisionaly one would come along that outshone all the others.  "The Abominable Dr. Phibes" is one such little gem.     Price plays Dr. Anton Phibes, a musician and all around twisted genius with a mission.  Phibes is bent upon killing off the team of doctors who failed to save the life of his beloved wife after a rather nasty automobile accident.  Of course, being a twisted genius, Phibes doesn't go about exacting his revenge like any other normal homicidal maniac.  He's decided to take the Old Testament plagues visited upon Pharaoh and Egypt and adapt them for his own nefarious purposes.  The way Phibes uses the plagues of blood, bats, boils, hail etc. I'll leave for you to see.     Now, if you go into this film expecting a straightforward horror film, with lots of blood and gore, you may be disappointed.  Director Robert Fuest, as one reviewer has already pointed out, had a stint on "The Avengers", and he tells this story in the same tongue in cheek style that was so typical (and endearing) of that classic TV series.  Also, the lavish deco designed sets lend the film a stylish and sometimes surreal look and feel.  The clockwork musician sequences are a notable example of this stylish/surreal imagery.  There are also some wonderful performances here -Joseph Cotten as the senior physician for whom Phibes saves as the last of his victims, Virginia North as the ethereal and lethal Vulnavia, and Terry-Thomas turns in a nicely comic performance as one of Phibes' earliest victims.     The really knockout performance here must go to Vincent Price as Dr. Phibes.  Price manages to strike a fine balance  between the camp and yet menacing role of Phibes without over playing either side.  A wonderful little story element in the film has Phibes' vocal apparatus having been destroyed in the accident that claimed his wife.  In order to speak he has constructed a device that allows him to attach a plug into the side of his neck (he also eats and drinks through this hole) while his voice emerges from something that looks like an old megaphone speaker off of a Victrola phonograph player!  This meant that Price had to record his lines first and then act out through facial,eye, and body movements the emotion of his words as his famous velvety tones emerge out of the speaker.  Not an easy trick for any actor.  Price is also able to give Phibes a sympathetic slant as well.  Phibes is certainly a murderous maniac and misguided in his quest for revenge but Price allows us to see a human side as Phibes sits and talks to a photograph of his dead wife.  Phibes was obviously obsessively in love with his wife and its this same obsession that drives him to do the twisted things he does.  This powerful love of Phibes' also gives the character a hint of necrophilia which becomes particularly apparent during the films finale.     All in all this is a wonderfully quirky little film.  Great production values, fine script and performances make this an above average horror movie.  And if you've ever wondered what it means for something to be "camp" then this is a fun way to learn the meaning of the word.     