 When I think about all the movies made in the U.S. in recent years that have been marketed as "family" films I find very few of them that can even begin to compare to the quality of "Children of Heaven".  At first glance the story may seem slight and superficial: a boy from a very poor family loses his sister's only pair of sneakers and endeavours to replace them without having to place an additional financial burden on his hard working father.  But even with that simple premise director Majid Majidi manages to bring so much depth and humanity to the story that you will almost want to go to your nearest cineplex and throw rocks at the marquee.    Majidi's choice of child actors in this film is a very good one.  Their innocent faces register such a range of emotions over the course of the film I began to think that many adult actors should be watching this film and taking notes.  Majidi's depiction of life in the poverty stricken areas of modern Tehran is also very well done and later in the film when father and son venture into the wealthy sections of the city the gulf between the haves and the have nots becomes all too apparent.  But its in the simplest things that this film shows so much of its heart and reveals to us its larger truths: Ali trying to make amends to his sister by giving her a pen he has won at school, brother and sister having to share a pair of sneakers until Ali can find a way to replace the lost ones, the elation of the father at having found a new lucrative line of work as a gardener for the rich, the kids blowing bubbles as they wash the only pair of sneakers they own and so on.  What really impressed me was the fact that Majidi can render these moments with such sublime humanity that he does so without being overly sentimental about it.  Few Hollywood directors could do this without having to laden those scenes with tooth decaying sugary sweetness.  All in all this is a movie that can be enjoyed by just about anyone who cares for really good film making .  And for those folks who are always complaining about the lack of films that depict "family values" you need look no further than "Children of Heaven".  This has been my first foray into Middle Easten cinema and I can't wait to view more films by Majidi and his colleagues.      