 Sidney Lumet's 1974 film version of Dame Agatha Christie's famous 'whodunnit' "Murder On The Orient Express" is a cinematic excercise in class.  I'm not talking about class in the sense of social status (although class in that sense is definetly a major part of the films characterizations) but 'class' as denoting something of high quality and prestige. From its all star cast down to its exquisite production values MOTOE positively drips class.  Made at a time when class was mostly lacking from much of pop culture and there existed a huge demand for nostalgia MOTOE really struck a chord with 70's movie audiences and became a huge hit.  Sadly, today's audiences may have a hard time appreciating this film as nothing more than a quaint curiosity.  A mere ensemble piece of cinematic fluff.  I can agree to some extent with that argument but I also happen to feel that this film has much more to offer.  Mainly as an object lesson in quality film making.  From a logistical and technical aspect this film could have quite easily, if you'll pardon the pun, become tragically derailed.  Just think about it.  A two hour plus film with out any car chases, shoot outs or huge explosions and consisting of a huge cast who do nothing but talk to one another while trapped within the confines of a snowbound train for the films duration could quite easily have become a tedious bore. Better yet, try and imagine a film like that even getting made today.  Why you'd get thrown out of every studio you broached the idea to.  So why does this film work?  The answer is craftsmanship and talent.  Paul Dehn's smart screenplay is lean and taut with lots of great dialogue.  The actors are all hugely talented and never seem to be trying to out do one another.  Sidney Lumet's direction is sure handed and keeps all the action flowing at a reasonable pace.  The costume designs and art direction are lavish and the music score is marvellous.  Sum total: a finely crafted film that succeeds admirably as grand entertainment. The film works because the people who made it actually cared about what they were doing and were also very talented.  Sounds simple doesen't it?  Yeah, well, let me just say that before I shell out any more money for another "Van Helsing" I'll just stay at home and watch "Murder On The Orient Express".  A lot of the cinematic eye candy I've seen recently can't hold a candle to this film.  You'll hear lots of people complaining about about Albert Finney's portrayal of Hercule Poirot and will go on and on about how David Suchet is better.  I happen to think that both men offer fine interpretations of Christie's famous little Belgian detective.  Both are equally valid.  As to which is better is just a matter of taste.  Try not to let it spoil your enjoyment of this fine film  As to the DVD: the film could use some restoration (I'm not gonna hold my breath for one) but this transfer is nice and easy on the eye.  There is a very nice 'Making Of' feature that runs for at least 45 minutes and frankly I was quite suprised to see that Paramount took the time to do something like this for MOTOE.  Also included is an interview with Dame Agatha's grandson and a film trailer.  All in all this is a very fine DVD for the price.       