 Lets get something straight right from the get go: there is no such thing as the definitve film version of Agatha Christie's spinster sleuth Miss Jane Marple.   The closest anyone has ever come to capturing the 'real' Miss Marple is, IMHO, Joan Hickson.  Even so, I don't think Ms. Hickson quite nailed the character down completely, despite the fact that she gives such a wonderful performance.  There have of course been other Miss Marples: Margaret Rutherford, while being completely wrong for the role in every way, was a very humorous and extroverted Marple; Helen Hayes was rather prim and charming; and Angela Lansbury manages to be a rather loopy and eccentric Aunt Jane.  And now we have Geraldine McEwan providing her own interpretation of the character.  While she is still not the definitive Miss Marple she manages to keep the character both fresh and interesting and we should be grateful for that if for nothing else.  I agree with many folks that the producers of this new series should be faulted a bit for trying to provide Jane with a backstory and some of the liberties taken with Christie's original novels are a bit much, even for me.  But at the same time I am grateful that they have tried to give us something a bit different from the other productions.  Something that doesen't just duplicate past interpretations.  In their attempt to make something different and yet still quite familiar to Christie fans I think they succeeded admirably.  Now when I saw the first episode of this series as it aired on PBS I was prepared to wash my hands of the whole thing and not tune in again.  Then I decided to watch the second story ("4:50 From Paddington" I think) and decided I may have been completely wrong and reactionary in my first opinion.  I really began to warm to McEwan's impish Miss Marple and as I tuned in to further installments I was completely won over.  Then there was the caliber of great British thespians the shows had: Edward Fox, David Warner, Derek Jacobi, Simon Callow and Joanna Lumley (Ab Fab fans will love her role as Miss Marple's good friend Dolly Bantry.  And speaking of "Ab Fab" check out the BBC Radio Play adaptation of Miss Marple featuring Eddie's Mom June Whitfield as Jane Marple.  Sadly, only available from the British Amazon.com or the BBC web site shop).  Production values are also very good.  Those great old English houses are wonderful to look at and I also like their use of period music to strike the right period flavor for the show.  All in all I have to say that if you can put aside any preconcieved notions of past interpretations and/or expectations about this new series you may find yourself, like me, succumbing to Geraldine McEwan's particular charms and actually finding many things to celebrate in this all new version of Miss Marple.  Decidedly different but still the same old Aunt Jane we all know and love.  Now, I'm off to put the kettle on and have a nice cup of tea while I sit back and watch "4:50 From Paddington" all over again.     