 Face the facts folks, George Lucas was only out to steal your cash with this waste of celluloid.  I mean really, the man had nearly twenty years to create a story worthy of Star Wars and all he could come up with is this  excuse to merchandise his inevitable spin off computer games, toys and  lunch boxes.  If he really cared about the fans or the Star Wars universe  don't you think he might have spent just a little more time in developing a  plot and characters that could at least have been half way interesting?     Besides the lack of a plot and interesting characters there was also a  noticeable lack (and I find this the most tragic of all) of a heart to this  film.  With the other SW films you at least had a feeling that cast and  crew had a love for what they were doing and this some how carried over  into the film itself.   With SWTPM all you get is a complete lack of  emotional highs or lows that made the first three movies so much fun to  watch.  I think part of this is due to George Lucas' insistance on so much  CGI, there is so much of it in fact that you actually feel as though you  are watching a cartoon or a very long and tedious video game.  I dunno but  it seems to me that too much CGI, no matter how good, only serves to make a  film look too smooth, too polished and, well darnit, too fake looking.  But  I guess the real reason for this lack of heart must lie with Mr. Lucas'  script and lack of concern for any real character development.  Proof  positive I feel that George must surround himself with "yes"  people.  Surely someone should have warned him about Jar Jar!      Its  obvious that Mr. Lucas wasn't doing a lot in the way of directing his cast  either.  Most of the actors seem to be just reading their lines and not  even trying to convey any kind of emotion with what they are saying.  Maybe  its just been too long between films for George to remember how to make a  good one.  He has been quoted as saying that the reason for the delay in  production of Episode 1 was that he was waiting for SPFX technology to  catch up with his imagination.  After seeing this film I couldn't decide  whether to laugh or cry at the irony of that statement.     