 As everyone knows adolescence can be pure hell.  Peer pressure, self image issues, dating, sex, parents, and school are all sources for teen angst.  Not to mention those frightening physical transitions our bodies begin to undergo as we transform into adults.  Of course the ultimate cause of all this turmoil is the greatly increased levels of hormones raging throughout our circulatory systems, hormones that are instigating these scary physical changes as well as creating hypersensitive emotions.  Its really quite surprising no one has made a film that draws a parallel between adolescent change and lycanthropy. Well, thats not quite true; there have been a few- "I Was A Teenage Werewolf", "Teen Wolf" etc.  But they were all from a male teen perspective (BTW, in case you haven't noticed, male teens undergo far less dramatic changes in their bodies than do females) never from a female teens POV.  Until now that is.     Screenwriter Karen Walton and director John Fawcett have given us a very intelligent and frightening horror film (and to get these two qualities in combination in a horror film these days is something of a rarity).  This isn't one of those plotless teen exploitation date movies that Hollywood churns out with nauseating regularity, it really is a very well made little film that will appeal to almost any discerning horror fan.  I am a firm believer that the vast majority of the really good horror movies to have been made over the past few decades are coming from the indie circuit.  "Night of the Living Dead", "Halloween", "Evil Dead" and "The Blair Witch Project" are good examples of quality indie horror films and now, I think, "Ginger Snaps" belongs on this list as well.      For me to have any kind of emotional charge with the events happening in a horror movie I have to be able to believe in or somehow relate to the charcters in the film.  In "Ginger Snaps" Karen Walton's fine script goes a long way to providing me with that emotional investment but it would not have been as nearly complete if not for the extremely fine performances of Emily Perkins as Ginger's sister Bridget and Katharine Isabelle as Ginger.  These two young ladies are exceptionally fine actresses and a I hope they get the chance to do bigger and better things in future, they deserve it.  Fawcett's direction is sure handed and professional.  I particularly liked the way he holds off showing the creature until the end.  By giving us quick glimpses of the werewolf only serves to heighten the suspense.  As for the creature itself I think it is of the same quality as that of "An American Werewolf In London"; there is no CGI, its all done with animatronics.     So, if you like horror films and werewolf movies in particular you need to see this one.  I bought "Ginger Snaps" based upon the convictions of the reviews here and elsewhere, needless to say I was not dissapointed and I'm sure you won't be either.     