 Tired of those huge doorstopper fantsasy series that just drone on and on without ever seeming to go anywhere of interest?  Do you want to read a fantasy novel that won't leave you feeling ripped off, discouraged and/or insulted?  Then I suggest David Gemmell as the next author you try when attempting to quench that fantasy fix.  Now Mr. Gemmell is no new kid on the block when it comes to the heroic/epic fantasy genre.  He has been writing exceptional novels in this field since the early 1980's while living in his native Britain; where he is quite well known and loved by his many fans.  Oddly, he has never become quite so popular here in the states (personally I feel this is due to poor promotion within an already heavily promoted genre).  This is a pity as his works are generally much better than many of his counterparts in this country who seem way too slavish to the Tolkien mode of fantasy novel (which worked great for the immortal Tolkien but less so for those authors who clearly lack his skill at world building and writing in general).  So, you ask, what kind of fantasy novel does this guy write?  Well, when I recently attempted to explain it to a friend of mine I said Gemmell's work reminded me of what might have happened if Robert E. Howard, Michael Moorcock, Akira Kurosawa and Tolkien had decided to all put their heads together and write a book.  At this point you are probably thinking (and deservedly so) that I should stop trying to explain things to people before I to manage to get someone hoplessly confused.  But allow me to continue.  Yes, Mr. Gemmell writes heroic epic fantasy novels that are at least inspired in part by authors such as Howard,  Moorcock and Leiber.  And like Moorcock his characters are emotionally complex and often tragic figures who are far from being the purely black and white type characters of so much fantasy fiction.  These characters inhabit worlds and situations where there is a great deal of violence and epic sweep to their stories but they certainly do not do so within a moral vacuum.  Like Mr. Kurusawa's films the characters in Gemmell's books are grounded with so much depth and humanity to them  that when the violence does occur it is not simply violence for violence's sake.  In fact, despite the high level of bloodshed in Gemmell's novels, they can best be described as having a defintie pacifist morality to them.  And like Tolkien's work Mr. Gemmell invests his tales with a great deal of epic grandeur and history to them that I find particularly appealing.  Oh, and did I mention that his stories tend to be very exciting and to also move very quickly?  Ok, so far I have tried to sell you on David Gemmell in general rather than his novel "White Wolf" in particular.  Well, the other good thing about Gemmell is that you can pick up just about any book of his and jump right into it.  Most of his novels are written as stand alones even though they may be marketed as part of a series.  His Drenai novels (of which "White Wolf" is one) are good examples.  His first novel, "Legend", is part of that series and features the character Druss who also appears here in "White Wolf".  But I believe you can read just about any in that series and not feel like you are missing out on some huge, bloated backstory (personally I might suggest starting with "Legend" but "White Wolf" is just as good a starting point as any).  "White Wolf" is standard Gemmell, which means that by investing your time and money into this fantasy novel you are guaranteed a grand experience that will not only leave you hungry for more but also feeling like you have invested in something really worthwhile.  And for me, after having had numerous bad experiences with many (but certainly not all) heavily promoted fantasy series, David Gemmell remains a very refreshing reading experience that I will treasure for many years to come.     