 there are times when you encounter art.   art moves you, in your eyes.   that is how you know it is art, you've beheld it.   i behold "fight club" as the pinnacle of literary art of my generation, generation x.    the movie does very good justice to the novel, as good as say "one flew over the cuckoo's nest" did to it's literary counterpart.  "fight club" is a dangerous novel.   you've heard about those, right?   dangerous in that once fully absorbed, similar to taking a pschyotropic substance, there's no turning back.   while we may call it dangerous, i feel 100% positive that after having read "fight club" and appreciating it's idiosyncracies and accepting them, the reader emerges a better person.   maybe that's giving chucky p. too much credit.   however, i do feel that strong about "fight club".  on the surface it's a love story.  digging down, chuck gasoline douses every piece of corporate, consumer, politically correct sheep-fed cotton candy and ignites it with a blow torch, shattering it when red hot, only to form a diamond of virtue.   this diamond is the sweaty, piss-stinking, remain of humanity that the reader comes to accept simply because by the end of the novel, that is all we're left with.   and we accept it.     but not like Project Mayham.     the novel does not produce Tyler Durden robots of it's readers.   the novel begs the reader to think about necessities, hand-holds the reader to discern what is and is not important in life, employing the theory of least common denominator.   grind it down till there's only metal.   remove fat.   but only do so for purpose.  aside from that rant, "fight club" is an extremely funny satire.   it's got some of the most clever quotes and ideas.   i love the idea that the fight clubs give domesticated men reason to get in shape, reason to shave their heads.   so much good stuff in here.   read it then see the movie.   there aren't enough differences to recommend one over the other.   i prefer the book and love the movie as well.  but most of all, enjoy!  ;o)     