 Fable for the XBOX is a tough game to review.   I am not going to touch upon what the game should've been.  The graphics in this games are beautiful.   Very neat character models and tons of customization options, from haircuts to tattoos to boots.   Character development and aging is noteworthy as well, being that through the course of the game, his physical features change due to the way he's acted over his lifespan.   Hell, if you're evil, bugs follow where you go, swarming constantly around your body.   Horns rip out of your skull and your eyes turn red.  You can also interact with many of the environments from breaking windows to breaking down doors to handing some broad a beer and getting her drunk.  The sound is very nice in that the NPCs talk as you pass them by in the forest or on cobblestown village street.   They say different things to you depending on your algnment.   The music is a dramatic orchestration that really sets the game's mood.  So why only 3 stars out of 5?   The first few hours of the game were kind of fun (once you get past your training).   It was fun to explore and develop your characters alignment, see his physical features change from doing good or bad deeds.   When you start doing the missions, you realize that the game's complex menu system doesn't work in your favor.   The "quick" menu, the D-pad on the left of the controller, allows you to assign different items for use in combat.   The left stick is for character movement and the right stick is for camera control.   To lock onto and enemy, you press the L button and attack with "B".   To block and attack you hit the "A" button.  To use magic, hold down the R button and use A,B,C,D button which executes a spell (user assign spells to these buttons).   Fable is a game of many things.   With all these commands, perhaps too much.  Here's the problem.  I said earlier that the first few hours of non-mission play are fun.   But rarely in those first few hours are you thwarted by hoards of enemies.   One, two, or three enemies attacking you at once?   No problem.   Six or seven hacking away at you?   You will find your fingers in a knot from trying to use that control scheme I described above.   Trying to remember all those commands, enemies swarming you at all sides, health restoration, locking on, switching from sword to magic, BLOCK THAT ATTACK!, use the D-pad to heal!   After all is said and done, the battle system feels like a bad hack and slasher.  Your forearms will be sore.   That shouldn't happen.     To wrap it up, while the graphics and sound are great, I must say that I'm not addicted to the game.   Some games I can't put down, especially ones that give high level of customization.   Based on my reasons against, I've concluded that once you get the feel of the Fable world, you find that it's faults strip away much of the fun.      