 If I could have give 6 stars for this game, I would have.   I played this originally when it first came out in 1996.   Back then, games such as Resident Evil and Tomb Raider were ground-breaking milestones in entertainment known as video games.   I won't talk about Resident Evil here because everyone knows about that. Tomb Raider was the first game to give players control of a character in a true 3D environment.   Sure, you had games like Doom and Wolfenstien, but they played only on a single plane with your character spinning on an axis.   Tomb Raider allowed you to control Lara, the feminine version of Indiana Jones, an use the environments such as cliffs, roofs, etc. to progress through the levels.   Level design in Tomb Raider is really what the game is centered around.    Beautiful, stunning, breath-taking, eerie, surreal, all describe the level design here.   Nothing short of ingenious. The game mechanics and control of Lara were never the best, but they were also adequate to get the job done.   Lara spins on a fixed axis when the player turns left and right, and forward makes her run in the direction she is facing.   Turning can sometimes be a chore, especially when the action is turned up a notch.   Luckily, the circle button makes Lara do a somersault tumble, for a quick "about-face".   The shimmying and climbing from ledge to ledge and jumping has always been amazing.   Combine that with sliding down angular rock formations and time jumps and grabs to ledges, and you are bound to fall in love with the action that Eidos developed (NOTE: This kind of mechanics shined most for me in this game as opposed to all the predecessors, including Angel of Darkness for PS2.   This kind of action became less and less as the series went on, save for Last Revelation, maybe).   The swimming sequences and puzzles are also a really wonderful treat as well. There are plenty of surprises in this game that I don't want to give away, however, I will tell you that some of the levels in the game will stick in your memory for a long, long time after.   For example, "The God Room" of St. Francis' Folly has got to be one of the best and most memorable and beautiful levels of any game that I've played. So why am I writing this review now, 7 years after the release date?   For a few reasons.  First, being that I can't get the game out of my head for more than a few months.   Every six months I go back to it.  The second reason, is that when I bought a PS2, I knew I would be playing the original Tomb Raider again and wanted that backward capability.   And THIRD and quite possibly the most important (and the reason I titled this review "Dear Eidos") is that Angel of Darkness was the single reason that I sold my PS2 for an X-Box.   At first I enjoyed AOD, but the game has rampant problems.   I've always welcomed a new Tomb Raider game in my life and gave AOD more than one chance.   I loved all the other PS1 Tomb Raider games, including III, which got a lot of harsh and unwarranted criticisms in my mind, but whatever.   I hated AOD and want Eidos to know that.   And FOURTH reason is that I repurchased the new and compact PSOne last week.   I still own my Tomb Raider from back in the day.   Last night I played it and the magic was back like from the first time I played it.   Sure the graphics feel older, but they are by no means bad at all considering that I play games like Halo, Crimson Skies, Prince of Persia, and Rainbow Six 3 on the X-Box.    There will always be a large place in my geeky video-gaming heart for this true classic. EIDOS: TAKE THE POWER BACK!     