 I wrote that dedication bit with a rose between my teeth. I'll preface by saying I read Angels and Demons when it was an airport paperpack (literally bought it in a terminal) on the rack next to all the Fabio-esque romance novels. I enjoyed that book when I read it.  Little did I know that Dan Brown would turn into this, I'd forgotten about him until an International Marketing professor brought up how he just finished the "DaVinci Code" by Dan Brown. "Dan Brown, Dan Brown," I said to myself, "Where in hell do I know that name? Oh yeah, I read 'Angels & Demons' couple years back." The professor chirped on about this "amazing author", his words.  I wouldn't call Dan Brown amazing, though, not in every area of literature. Needless to say, I procrastinated in picking up "The DaVinci Code" because I guess I was being a little snobby. But I eventually did pick up the book. I wouldn't call Dan Brown amazing because he could work on trite dialogue and cookie-cutter character mannerisms. "The Davinci Code" reads very much plot-wise as "Angels & Demons".  Plot is not what made "The DaVinci Code" such a critical success. The consiracy aspect of the book coupled with arguments backing the premise are what make it critically acclaimed. Detail of setting and scene, a writing that has the reader hiding in the shadows of the Louvre or running out of breath with Langdon "to the next" cathedral. Impeccable foriegn city description puts YOU THERE. This is what made "The DaVinci Code" such a success.  I loved reading about the conspiracies presented in this book. It doesn't matter how much flak is fired in retort to the novelist. In fact, those fools miss marginally. "The DaVinci Code" begs the reader to open HER eyes and question things and not be ignorant. A novel such as this BEGS the reader to do research on HER own. I began viewing women in a reverant light after I read this book.   Perhaps Dan Brown has an Oedipus complex and I hadn't had one before I read his book, but the idea of the feminine divine, regardless of religion, creed, institution, beaurocracy, government, is a wonderful concept that has been exposed by the book. Can you deny the beauty of a flower? This is the heart of "The DiVinci Code".   Don't expect "best ever" characters or unfolding events. They are not on these pages. It's a controversial book just as valid as its nit-picking retorts.   I really recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet. YES! That means the both of you! Now I'll put that rose back between my teeth and shut up.     