 The story of The Navidson Record is extremely well done.   The characters, Navy, Karen, Chad, Daisy, Reston, Holloway, all come together in 3-D on the page.   They are complex characters that all are interlaced quite beautifully in the narrative.   And the narrative.   It's done very carefully, making it read like a documentary, with footnotes and side stories.   The Navidson Record touches on many levels, from the surface, which is a creepy story about a bizarre incident.   Getting under the skin, the Record touches on ideas of fear and aloneness.   The size of the house can be viewed in a few ways and that leaves interpretation for the reader.   I like viewing the house as one under distress.   The family is torn apart by a mystery.   Everyone, children included, are pulled away from the family as a unit of measure.   With a family divided the house seems expands.  The character of Johnny Truant is not a likeable a character, in my opinion.   He's a punk who reaps what he sows.   Early on, he seems very two dimensional and cliche, something copied from Bukowski but not done nearly as well.  Truant seems trite through most of the novel.   The letters from his mother help you learn more about him.  The publishing of House of Leaves is different than most conventional publications out there.   Upside-down type, boxed, crossed-out.   You name it.   It's interesting but not completely necessary.   At some points, I felt the format take away from what could've been better writing.   For example, Danielewski may have changed words to publish a page in a 1 inche by 1 inch box on a page.   While he achieved the publishing goal, the final words may have been weaker due to forced format.   Quite a few conversations in the book left me feeling that.  House of Leaves is a very good book and I recommend reading Danielewski interviews regarding the writing process involved.   Quite interesting, and I respect his passion for wanting to revitalize paper and ink press.   He gets an A+ for that.   Also, if you are just carousing through the book, flipping pages without having read, looks quite intimidating, right?   Don't worry.   Dig right in.   It's worth the experience.     