 This is a thick book.   I don't mean pagewise because I've read longer.   Thick meaning that careful patient attention should be taken when reading.   That is the writing style.   "The Fountainhead" is a quick read as much as it's a book about 20th century architecture.  First off, I must say I'm surprised by the average review of 4/5 stars by 829 previous reviewers.   The only way I could see giving this book a marred marking from perfect is Ayn Rand's using the profession of architecture as a vehicle to spew her philosophy.   But spewing is the wrong word as it has negative connotation.  And this reason, this fronting I've described is too coincidental.   The message of her philosophy being individualistic creation and achievement, a self-fulfilling achievement of Miss Rand of having done so through the publishing of "The Fountainhead".   Or perhaps she recieves lower marks from "second-handers" or real life Peter Keating's and Ellsworth Toohey's whose lives are mirrored in the pages.   Oh well.   What do I care?   It's not a crime against me.   Perhaps these people would've enjoyed "The Gallant Gallstone" better.  Patient character evolution is done with brilliance and the book spans somewhere between 20-25 years of the characters lives.   The story parallels the careers of Peter Keating and Howard Roark.   Rand shows the difference between two working philosophies.   One is riding the coat-tails of predecessors, the easier route (in her opinion), the office politics of how you look in other people's eyes, the country club.   Soon enough, the reader finds that this first example is pawn to an elaborate control scheme that society constructs.   The premise is that no one man should have egotistical power, a premise formed by people not willing to create or put themselves on the line, a premise by those who are too afraid to change.   The other is the power of the individual, the one who cares not for the folly of other men but who sees holiness only in the process of personal creation.   Criticism and backlash mean nothing, because they add nothing.   This is existential self, exterior forces put to the wayside, the heart of the philosophy.  I can understand this a hard book for some people to read.   Not difficult to get through, but difficult to accept.  People don't want to view their careers as worthless, and in my opinion, no person is worthless.   We do get that sense of Peter Keating and even Gail Wynand to some extent.   Men who could've been.   It's sad and sometimes hard to bear, I suppose.   In some respects it reminds me of Thoreau's preaching.     Yet I love the delicate care Ayn Rand put into "The Fountainhead".   Descriptions of creation are among the best, IE The Stoddard Temple.   The reader gets a feeling of the power shared among Howard, Dominique, Steve, and Mike.   It's a beautiful part of the book that I love and feel.    The difference of the two ideals described above are so clear-cut among different characters, which are developed with such care that the reader can easily make distinction between both forms.     It really is a beautiful five bean thick chili of a novel.       