 The only way to give the XBOX version of this game less than five stars is to have played the PC version of the game.   I've read reviews (Gamespot specifically) that talk about near abysmal framerate/slowdown drops... to the point of freezing the system.   that's cold, man.   and, umm, dead wrong.   I have a feeling someone over there reviewed an unfinished product.   The game is not flawless.   It does have load times every so often (7-10 seconds) but not as bad as Gamespot says (20-40 second load times).   I question the validity of what they were reviewing.   I've never played FPS on PC and I don't doubt it's better.   But I understand to play Half Life 2 on a PC fluidly requires thousands in upgrades, etc.   It's just not worth it to me.   That's a lot of beer I could be drinking, money to be gambling.  Anyway, Half Life 2 is just SUCH a playable game.   The environments are really stunning.   It starts in a train station where you soon learn that this world is throat under boot, a completely fascist regime with civilians walking thoughtlessly like escape psyche ward patients.   You'll soon learn that Gordon Freeman, YOU, has a head on his shoulders and is respected among an underground resistance group.   This game oozes similarities to dystopian society of Oceania in Orwell's 1984.   The enemy in the game, similar to 1984, is a faceless totalitarian one.   You'll see resistance posters on crumbling walls.   You'll feel the burdens of this decadent society.   Moreso, You'll feel respected when people recognize you as Gordon Freeman, the hero.  I can't say enough for the enviroments.   They are so well rendered, such a great world create, to experience it slowly.. EXPLORING is not a chore...  Taking your time is what you'll want to do, to enjoy the visuals that have been so well-crafted. A big part of this has to do with the putty-like "structure" of the levels, IE the ability to interact with 99% of object on the screen.   Breeaking windows and smashing tables never gets old.   It's fun to throw garbage everywhere, stack a bunch of crap.   And many times you'll need to.  The acting and sound in this game is extremely well done.   It's a relief to come across safe havens with friends excited to see you.   Gets you away from the intense action for a little bit, sometimes giving you better weapons.  The controls of the game are very good, right up there with Halo, Halo 2, Doom 3 on the Xbox.   Weapon switching is done via directional pad... It's just real easy to get a feel for.  To wrap it up, the Xbox version of Half Life 2 deserves five stars.   It's not gonna be a best seller and it's going to suck to geeks with PCs.   It will appeal to drinkers/stoners alike who take their vices too seriously to spend that much money on a good PC.   Yet these creatures of myth also respect the opinions of PC gamers.   I respect a PC gamers opinion.   Why?   Because they do spend all that much money on their hardware.   If they rave girlishly about something, I listen.   But I don't have a great PC like them.   I have an Xbox.   You know where my money goes otherwise.     