 Manhunt for PS2 is an awesome gaming experience.   I picked the game up about a year ago.   I haven't finished it yet (like quite a few games on my shelf) but it's one I really need to go back to and finish.  Why style points?   Because it oozes with a style that works.   Dark, gritty, voyeuristic violence.   The James Earl Cash/Director relationship is a satire on how far TV will go to satisfy a sick demand.   Satire done well, indeed.  The whole ghetto is wired, video cameras dangling from graffitied brick.   The whole setting for the game is dark, giving James Earl Cash a clandestine shroud.   Gang members patrol the streets, knowing their end of the Director's bargain, knowing that some wussbag is on the loose (JEC) in these slums.  In game controls are as good as you'd expect from the GTA games.   You'll really need to prove your mastery of controller when you've been discovered and decide to flee the gang of scvmbags chasing you.   I give controls 4/5 stars.  The gameplay is perfect.   Know that Manhunt is a creepy-crawler; slow moving game, wait till the gangbangers got their back to you, release yourself from the dumptsers shadow, make your move.   Pray no scvmbag allies are in the vicinity as you execute a mild/medium/hard attack on your victim.   If you're clear, drag the remains to an alley or behind your respite of a dumpster.   This is the sum of the gameplay.   If this doesn't sound fun, don't bother.   Personally, I enjoy taking my time with a game such as this.   Miniscule (if any) amount of guns ablazing in open areas.   Another area to note in Gameplay, is the optional use of the PS2 headset.   Right, put it on and use your voice to attract enemies.   Very nice touch, being that the Director alsos communicates to you through this headpiece.  Graphically speaking, Manhunt is great.   The style is dripping like coagulating gang member blood.   The atmospheres are so moody, the Director takes you to slums, garbage dumps, cracked out tenements (Max Payne reminscing).   Environments are perfect for this type of game.   Style points also alotted to the villians, especially Smiley Face Gangster.   Love the irony.  Final Note:   It's an uproariously controversial game.   Manhunt begs the question of "how far is too far".   Taken in context, however, viewing the total picture as situational, and dare I say art, Manhunt is a very gitty and grimy experience that loses nothing if you can appreciate heavy dark satire.   Which brings me to my next point in saying that none of Manhunt is done "just for the sake of being so".   That award (gulp) goes to "State of Emergency".   But you already know about that.     