 ...because Jesus Christ is that rude.   NOTE TO OTHER REVIEWERS:   people come on here to get a review of a game because they are interested in buying it.   Not finding out exactly what happens at the end.  Halo 2 is an awesome successor to Halo.   "Combat Evolved" is what the game is about because you are playing it, not watching a story.   I am of the group who see the journey as more important than the destination.   Off the soapbox now, onto the review.  Halo 2 offers many beautiful and varied levels from space, to city, to alien ship, to beautiful outside hilly landscapes.   One of the greatest things about Halo 2 perhaps better than Halo is the AMAZING balance between on foot combat and vehicular combat.   At no time are you forced to use vehicles but at certain parts you'll definitely need them.   In the latter, the game evolves into grandiose scale and before you know it, you've got enemy Ghosts, Tanks, and Banshees swarming around your warthog.   Or if you have the massive Scorpion perhaps you'll feel a little more safe.  And are the vehicles ever so evolved in Halo 2.   The boost option on the Ghosts and Banshees is indeed an awesome addition.   Perhaps better than that is the ability to rob someone of their vehicle...  It just feels SO DAMN good pulling an Elite from his Ghost.  Added alien weapons are nice... Plasma Sniper is my favorite addition.   Dual weilding weapons is handy in sticky situations, especially if you are low on grenades.   The new Plasma Sword is useful in enclosed areas for ripping skulls.   Some folks online are complaining it too powerful, but the drawback is it's range. i wouldn't think about picking one up in open areas.  The MULTIPLAYER mode on XBOX Live is really amazing.   At any time, you can hit the "Y" button, even in the single player mode, to see which of your buddies is on.   You can also have a few buddies sit with you and have split screened online games if you choose.   The idea of the party system is a good one.   You basically create a party with people on your buddy list and go to different games as a single unit like a travelling team.   Definitely a nice feature so you don't lose your friends switching games.  The random placement of you and your party into games is perhaps one of the most innovative ideas in online gaming.   In many other online games you come across some real PITAs who either team kill, come back under a different screename, whatever.   This randomization gives you the anonymity that is needed in online gaming.  The idea of voice in-game activation is amazing as well.   If you talk into your headset, anyone in your proximity can hear you.   This adds much to the intensity of the game because in game, no ONE WANTS TO TALK!!  Also eliminates the fools and 12 year olds who think it funny to curse and use racial slurs.   GONE and for the better.   A HUGE STEP in online console gaming this is.  Perhaps the only disappointment is no online co-op feature.   I wish there was one.   The only alternative is split screen co-op, same as original.   But i won't complain.   I'm happy it's still here but ti would've been great to have it online, no split screen.  And that's it.   This is a complete package.   Playing the game on Normal will most likely be a cinch if you've beaten the original.   Start of on Heroic or Legendary if that's the case.   It's not easy or short THAT WAY.   ;)     