 In considering "Travels with Charley", I thought about the time period it was written.   Around the Beat Movement, when you had classics from Kerouac and Wolfe and others of similar caliber.   Also important to note in "Travels with Charley" is that the book was written late in Steinbeck's career and he was well-established.     Read: wealthy.   In a funny way it shows in this book.   Steinbeck is not the rough and rugged outdoor character that you might find in a Hemingway novel, nor does he try to be like that.   It's great that he, and older man, decided to take a trip away to discover the people of America.  But the roughing it and the life on the road gets to him rather early on, showing his age and time, over say the beat writers who made driving across the country seem like a stroll across the street.  It doesn't seem that Steinbeck did much research and planning for the trip, as there are not many accounts of National Parks, etc.   An avid traveller may scratch his head because of that, trying to see as much possible going cross country. This adds to the humanity and "spur of the moment" without a net style the book becomes.   In "Travels with Charley", there is a nervous tone at many parts of the trip, almost sad and desolate.   The reader can feel Steinbeck's homesickness and thankfulness for trusty ol' Charley.  Communication between Charley and narrator is excellent, oftentimes narrated with an envious tone toward Charley's simplistic personality.   Perhaps the strongest part of the book is the plight in New Orleans during the 1960s, very chilling account of school desegregation that Steinbeck witnessed.   Some very important characters are introduced in this part of the book.  If you like "Travels with Charley", I recommend "Into the Wild", by John Krakaur.   I prefer "Into the Wild" over this book, because while Steinbeck hadn't planned his trip all the way through, bogging him down at many points, I feel that he really had nothing to lose by taking the trip.  There's much emotion in "Travels with Charley", regardless.  Conversely, young college grad Chris McCandless had everything to lose by packing up and travelling America to try and ditch society and live off the land.      