 This really is a great time piece, one that captures the feel of the 80s.   It is a book that shows how capitalistic the US became during this era.   But for every sparkle of glitz and every Armani suit for glamour, Easton Ellis shows the dark side of it all.  American Psycho is a highly controversial book that shows how things are never as they appear.   While the author takes this idea, runs to the darkest, grittiest moments of humanity, this book has many unsettling qualities lying throughout.   Drugs, a huge contributor to such, leave the mind in disarray.   No, the book is not by any stretch anti-drug propaganda and neither is this review.   The influence of drugs, cocaine, downers, alchohol, leave the mind with a substance that makes you question sanity.   But in American Psycho, carving reality from inner monologue is elusive.   That's fine, but in the end, there is no resolution, just the remains of what you have to deal with.  The piece is also transitional in that toward the end of the book, the reader feels the 80s leaving into the 90s which were drastically different.   By the end of the book, Patrick Bateman is the leftover, the beer of the unrefridgerated case left out overnight.   He is outdated by the end.   Clubs have closed down, new hot spots and trends come forth, and in that respect, American Psycho moves toward a coming of age story.   The problem is, hence my 4 star rating, the reader never feels empathy for Patrick Bateman, which is an essential element for any coming of age.   Patrick Bateman in the 90's is an outdated model.  I recommend this book.   It will be a classic whether people disagree or not.   It pushes the envelope far beyond anything I've read.   In so doing, the point of his seemingly senseless acts is a driven extreme.   Look no further than the phyiscal realm to find beauty.   The 1980s are the closest era we have to that notion.   But beware.   You look at the pretty face of the cover, and hell, girls may even buy the book to stare at him like they stare at US weekly, Ashton Kutcher, Ben Affleck, Orlando Bloom, and Gene Ween.   But opening the book, looking past that pretty face staring from the cover, reading through the pages, reveals what's inside.   In that respect, the book is brilliant.   I just wished for a little more closure.     