 That's what I've started doing.   It's a game that drips testosterone from marble columns of Athens to (but not quenching) the infernals of Hades.   There's not much happy in Krato's Ancient Greece.   Well, strike that.   Maybe Aries is happy because he's ripping Athens to shreds.   Fires, thunderstorms, Aries' steel clanging, while the helpless humans fire arrows at the God of War unleashed.   Pah!   Human Arrows.   It's like trying to put out Hades' flames by blowing bubbles.  There is so much amazing about God of War.   First, I'll talk about thought.   There's folly about.   That's the theme of Greek Mythology, ALWAYS.   Folly between the gods and "their human playthings".   However, Greek gods are flawed just like the human pawns.   For the gods of Olympus err clumbsiness then clean-up their mistakes after.   What folly!   God of War WORKS as Greek Mythology.   I love the concept of "destroying a god" through Pandora's Box.   Opening Pandora's Box, the colloquialism, is to unleash a maelstrom of unpredictable chaotic events.   Is that what happens when a god is killed?   Absolutely.   This is what I mean regarding thought.   There are philosphical gems that glisten in Ancient Greece.  Second, the gameplay and controls are extremely tight.   You'll use every button on the contoller when battling.   You'll use every move.   Rolling/evasion, blocking, comboes that can rise to triple digit numbers (my highest is 124) are necessary to avoid becoming burger to Aries' black-hearted baddies.   This said, tight controls are necessary, work perfect, creating some ridiculously fast paced/intense action.     Third, is balance.  Now some friends say I smoke too much over drinking, but I understand balance is required.   God of War balances action and puzzle solving, and not once do the scales dip to one side.   Sure, the game gets difficult and frustrating the further you take Kratos, but never is there too much fighting, too much puzzle-solving, or too much drinking.   Wah?   The balance is great.  Did I mention level design?   No?   It's brilliant.   Sometimes it reminds me of Prince of Persia:SOT and sometimes Tomb Raider.   Environments are very fluid, from the details of statues and Greek architecture, to Kratos' ugly reflection on a highly polished floor?   I'd hate to be the sap who keeps those Greek floors so spickitty span clean.   I wonder what that dude makes an hour.   Benefits are worth it, especially if you get to glimpse the Oracle of Athens in her sheer top.   Huh?   Great level design.  To add one more edge on Kratos already sharp blades, God of War has a wonderful soundtrack.   The music is ambiant sometimes, orchestral at others.   Should I say it again?   Ok.   Balanced soundtrack.  I'll wrap it up.   My wife came down when I was playing and she said, "Honey, why do you have your shirt off?"   I looked at her.   My eyes were bloodshot but not from God of War.  I replied, "Kratos doesn't wear a shirt.   If he doesn't, I don't."     