 How is Socom 3 this good?   What has it done better than Socom 2 to still earn such a high score?   I'm only going to discuss the ONLINE portion, aside from saying that I did play the first couple of single-player missions.   I found that quite fun.   Hadn't done that with Socom 2.   Nope, went straight online with that one.  Funny, never even read the Socom 2 instruction book.   Ok.   Back to Socom 3 Online!!  It's really the maps and vehicles that make Socom 3 a five star game.   People complain about graphics, but I disagree with that.   More on that later.  The maps are huge.   32 player huge.   These are beautiful maps and well crafted with tons of nooks and hiding spots.   I don't find myself looking for anything less than 20 people.   This right here is an achievement.   No other console game has it ( i don't think).   And it runs so smooth.   I'm sure that many haters are in disbelief and/or don't want to believe how good this works... and on the ol' reliable PS2!!   Some arguers may say that 32 players loses the intimacy the 16 player games of Socom 2 had.   Socom 2 is a much different game when you talk about online play.   Smaller maps, no vehicles.   Anyway, larger maps (with multiple spawn points) support teamwork and planning strategy for attack with teammates.   When you're alone in these large environments, separated from your team, hold that M16 tight to appease pangs of solitude and fear.  They will creep your skin.   So let's talk about the vehicles.   They're a lot of fun, a great added addition if you want vehicular assault or if you need a quick lift to your favorite sniping point.   But there's another important thing vehicles have done for Socom 3 versus Socom 2.   They've made it fair for people to carry RPGs or M203s without the other team crying "cheap".   Hey, if you try and run me over, what's unfair about me shooting your tank rocket launcher?   The playing field is evened in that respect.   Having some Halo experience has helped me avoid getting run over multiple times.  Last, I'll talk about the graphics.   They're fine.   People feel the need to complain about something.   Let's face it.   Graphics have come a haul's ass further from what they were ten years ago.   Pretty much all games have damn good/realistic graphics nowadays.   Do some games have better graphics than Socom 3?   Sure.   Somewhat better.   But that begs this question.   Do any other console games have 32 player online?  Why rush out to buy a next-gen system when we have this?     