 When people ask me what is the one ween album that you need, i say that you need all of them.   This is the best one, though.   ween albums always seem to be a mixed bag as far as musical styles go, ranging drastically between tracks, you never know what is going to happen after the two second silence between songs.   that is the beauty of ween, no matter how brown and poop-scented it may be.   there have been a few (if not all) ween albums that i hated after the first listen, only to come back a couple of days later begging for more.   after you familiarize and get comfortable with it, you come to love it similiar to taking cough syrup. but the mollusk is on a level of it's own.   it is a concept album that is best heard from start to finish.   it starts with a little waltzy cover of "dancing in the show tonight".   it is an odd place to start, especially hearing the childish vocals.   next is "the mollusk", a song that every human with a soul loves upon their first listen.   this song brought back man beach memories from my childhood, fishing with uncles, etc.  "polka dot tale" is brown and not my favorite, prolly my least on the album.   "i'll be your johnny on the spot" is a nice quick tune that makes my gas petal foot push harder.   "mutilated lips" is an amazing song that makes me want to burst and implode at the same time.   words, aside from its very lyrics, can't descrbe how i feel about this song that has the most amazing (and quite possibly longest) chorus ever.   "the blarney stone" hits home for me as well.   i'm irish, i drink, and i love rowdy pubs.   "It's gonna be" is the intermission for the audience.   it is a nice little love song, but feel free to go to the bathroom while it's playing.   "The Golden Eel", I can't reveal any of it's secrets either.   "Cold Blows the Wind" is another love type ballad, just a much darker one.   Has a medieval tone to it and Ilike it a lot.   Melodrama.   "Pink Eye" is lots of random noises as it's palate for aural delight.   "Waving my D*ck in the Wind" is a happy upbeat song that reminds me of old black & white shows like Leave it to Beaver and Ozzie & Harriet with a spritz of weenery of course! :)   "Buckingham Green" is a hard hitting emotional tune that sounds like old school Ozzy.   "Ocean Man" is a hoppy boppy ballad of the ocean.   a great song to clap to when the pretty girls are listening with you!   "She wanted to Leave"... Unfortunately the album has to end somewhere and this seems like a fine song to do it with.   The lyrics are sad but at least the protagonist drinks his rum on his ship in the end....  And it ends with a downtempo beat of "dancing in the show tonight" with the sound of waves crashing in the background. This is one fabulous package, the Mollusk is.  Easily a five star album and one of my favorites of all time. PS:  IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING to purchase this album, do yourself a favor; buy it in the beginning of the summer when the weather is nice.   I found that most enjoyable.   I also made a promise to myself to only listen to it during those three months.   Otherwise, I'd be really frigging sick of it by now.     