 I told my buddy Sully that it was a punk rock album.   We nodded heads rapidly and gave the "devil sign" with our pinkie's and index fingers pointed to the sky, tongues stinking out for good measure. I told my girl Bertha that it was an album full of silk laced love ballads.   She kissed me and ripped Corey's "Former Child Actor" disc out of my hand with an orgasmic moan. I told my dad that it was a doo-wop album and be bowed deep and low to my feet, for he is tired of claiming "all music today is this rap sh*t".   He kissed my hand like I was Queen Elizabeth when he saw Corey's picture on the cover. I told my mom it was a rap album and she put her nickle plated nine on the table, removing her gold plated teeth and eyepatch to get a closer look.   she just looked at me and said "das some good sh*t". So what is the album like you ask?   It is all of these.   You've seen Corey in action, so YOU know.   The album starts out with the hard hitting self titled track "Former Child Actor".   There is a quintessence of this album that is glossed throughout.   Rebellion, hurt, hunger, anger, revolution. "Former Child Actor" (track) screams that this album is way ahead of it's time, not unlike the way Fantasia was for cartoon movies back in the 60s.   This has it all folks.   It is the future.   My next two favorite tracks are both "Megalo Man" and "Phony People".   Words only scratch the surface when describing Corey's whining philosophy about the heirarchical echalons of society, but he makes it clear to us about  the paradigm shifts the United States is currently going through.   Especially since the war with Iraq.   These two tracks give hope to the flawed humanity that God created in the Book of Genesis. The last tune I'd like to comment on is the mellodic "What is a Dog".   On the surface it plays out like "sound" simplified, or sound 101... The relationship between a boy and his dog.   Do you think that Corey just stopped there?   Don't think for a moment that this track is about Corey's relationship with "Petie" his dog.   That's not the whole picture.   Look and dig deeper people and you may find that existential gem you're been searching for all your life. Thanks for everything, Corey.     