 Nightclubs.   You don't hear too much about them unless you live in a major urban area or are plugged into the stand-up comedy scene.   Rodney was one of the originals, one of the guys, a clasic, an archetype, someone to put on a petastal because he broke into mainstream fame and glory, as he'd say in a game of craps, the hard way.   Stand up is also a gaime of chance as is craps.   Will an owner give you a chance, five minutes on their stage?   Hell, Rodney had a hard time with it.  Stand up comedy of course is one of the most raw forms of art. Nothing can save you but your voice.   If you're dying it can be the loneliest places to stand.   But, the stand-up comic unfortunately is an endangered breed, most likely due to television and the internet.   It's easier to stay at home than go to some dark smokey club with what you think is some foul-mouthed acidic loser on stage.   Rodney shows that it isn't easy being of this brotherhood.  Rodney's accounts focus on his experiences with nightclubs, his early failure, and his highly successful return onstage.   But it's the hard way.   After a few appearances on the Ed Sullivan Show and more than a few on Johnny Carson, it still seemed life on the road was tough.   Tenacious D sang a song about how hard the road is.   They were right and Rodney shows you how he got no respect.  So why 5 stars?   The translation, storytelling, and format.     The translation of "It's Not Easy Bein' Me" is an up close and personal account told in first person.   The book was written very close to the end of Rodney's life and it's such a clean translation fo Rodney's voice, his stage/film presence.   When reading, you hear his voice over your shoulder.   His punchlines lose nothing in written text.  The second part for my 5 stars is Rodney's storytelling.   I was apprehensive about starting this book and it sat on my shelf for five months.   I heard about it on the Stern Show.   And it sounded like a sad book, especially the questions Howard asked the feeble comic.  A huge Rodney fan, I bought it right away.   Through the HS interview I'd learned that Rodney had a tough life as a kid; parents that didn't give a crap, never around, and an uncle who paid him a nickel every time he sat on the man's lap.   However, the storytelling is brilliant!!!   No matter how tough it gets for Rodney, absolute down and out, each segment ends with him poking fun at the situation, taking a turn to make you smile.   So demned encouraging for the little man.   Many times these punchlines are unexpected but it's Rodney's voice and the book plays 100% on getting no respect.  Third, the format of the book is top notch.   Many pictures, short chapters, and at least one blocked off joke per page.   That's right, the narrative stops, and a joke is blocked off between lines, usually relating to what's happening in the narrative.   Perfect!  On a final note, I'm really going to miss Rodney because his death was the end of something great.   The night club and the standup comic are a rare breed.   SUPPORT STANDUP COMICS!   Tell them they were great even if you've never felt so insulted.   They deserve you're respect as much as some dying eunich whale does.  But I also feel lucky.   At AC, Trump Taj Majal, I had the rare chance to play craps at the same table as Rodney.   He was old and feeble and rode around on a little cart.   He played with his head low and lost me $75.   Lousy bastard, but he gets all my respect.      