 Single Player*:  Doom 3 is avant garde in the sound and lighting department.   The strange sounds you hear bouncing along the piped walls seem to get more frequent the more time you take.   You have no idea if they are in the distance, if they are right in front hiding in some unlit place.   Hell, you hear them.   A rattling corpes falls , dangling from the ceiling, it was this the rattling noise, nothing more, nothing less.   Next noise and you might not be so lucky, cause the service lights of the complex just went out.   Should you hold your favorite artillery in the dark or hold your flashlight to see your way through?   Balance it out, perhaps, switching mindlessly between light source and twitching trigger finger.  This is Doom 3 and it's a perfect upgrade of what I'd expect the Doom 2 classic to be today.   The graphics and mood are built with as much realism I've ever seen in a game.   Things pop out from dark corners and lunge through opened doors, making you jump back more than once.  The controls in the game utilize the XBox R-type controller perfectly.   The D-pad allows you to assign direction (^V<>) to your favorite lead/plasma/rocket/soul stocked wrist cronies.   This allows for quick access.   The concept of quick access is driven further with the incessant need to switch flashlight/artillery.  The single player story is told through dead people's PDAs.   Pick em up (they're not using 'em anymore) and find access codes and tales of their experiences in their UAC Depts.   It's an interesting way of telling a story that's been told before.   I enjoyed this medium.  Online Co-Op*:  This is a great addition to the game, one that any XBliver will be very happy to have.   Grab a buddy and go through the game together.   I haven't solved the game in this mode, but the levels for Online Co-Op seem to be a little fewer and/or peared down from the single player game.   It's a fun experience especially with a friend.   In closing, Doom 3 is a great dark masterpiece.   It's very reminiscent of the old Doom games you remember from PC, seeing upgrades of your enemies and all that.   You'll also remember that the enemies will come right at you, head-on, in a rather dumb sort of fashion, meaning they lack state of the art AI.   That's a reason I chainsawed a star away from being a 5 star title.   Don't expect flanking or running and hiding on the vermin's part.   They come right at you.   Many times this makes you jump back.  *The reason I structured this way is because I found the Single Player game the best experience of Doom 3.   Don't cheat.   Single Player meaning no spectators in the room and lights out.   Stereo sound if you have it.   The game is less atmospheric if you are talking to someone in the room or joking with your XBox live buddy at how fat his ex-girfriend is.     