 Dumb and Dumberer: Comedy. Starring Eric Christian Olsen and Derek Richardson. Directed by Troy Miller. (PG-13. 88 minutes.) "Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd" sounded like a bad idea, and the movie removes all doubt. Inspired by the very funny 1994 hit "Dumb and Dumber, " the film contains nothing that made the original a success -- namely its stars, Jeff Daniels and Jim Carrey, and the filmmakers, the Farrelly brothers. But it does give us the back story on how Harry met Lloyd because, well, everybody's interested, right? To call this effort misguided would be kind. The job this "prequel" does on the original "Dumb and Dumber" is the movie equivalent of surgery that removes all the vital organs and then gives the patient a prosthetic third arm. What's needed isn't there, and what's here we don't need. Even the the title is off. "Dumb and Dumberer" is hard to say and not exactly funny, while the subtitle is intended (for some reason) to evoke "When Harry Met Sally," but it sounds more like a tribute to the silent comedian Harold Lloyd. Why not "When Buster Met Keaton?" or "When Charlie Met Chaplin?" The movie leaves two young actors twisting in the wind, imitating people funnier than themselves, while working off a script that Carrey and Daniels couldn't have squeezed laughs from. Two young idiots, who will some day blossom into glorious imbecility, meet on the way to high school when they collide into each other on the street. Lloyd (Eric Christian Olsen in the Carrey role) takes Harry (Derek Richardson in the Daniels role) under his wing and shows him the ropes at school. Within minutes, the class bully has hung both of them from the top of the school's flagpole. The bit is no funnier to watch than it is to read about. In moving the Carrey and Daniels character into adolescence, "Dumb and Dumberer" keeps Lloyd's personality intact but loses the weariness that Daniels brought to the role of Harry -- the weariness, that is, of going through life, year after year, without a clue. It's what made Daniels funnier than Carrey in the original, but in the new film that aspect of Harry's personality is gone, and Richardson is left to play him as a wide-eyed innocent. For those keeping score, Lloyd was dumber in the first movie, while this time Harry is dumberer. Eugene Levy plays the embezzling high school principal, who is given plot- pushing lines such as "I think I figured out how to bilk this school out of enough money for that condo in Waikiki." Levy's scenes with his partner crime, the school lunch lady (Cheri Oteri), have comic energy, enough so that were the sound off one might suspect that fun stuff is happening, but it's not. It's just Levy and Oteri holding up their end, making sure they're not the worst thing in the picture. It's hard to say what's the worst thing -- Olsen and Richardson, perhaps, in a dead heat -- but they're also the movie's biggest victims. Richardson at least gets to be bland. Olsen has the misery of imitating Carrey's physical shtick, the walk, the talk, the goofy takes. And while anyone can be funny imitating Jerry Lewis, there's nothing less funny in the entire world than someone imitating Carrey. It's even worse than someone imitating Steve Martin singing "King Tut," which, happily, no one does anymore, though the nightmares will never fade. At less than 90 minutes, "Dumb and Dumberer" still feels stretched, with back-to-back musical interludes, halfway in, that seem like a desperate attempt to string things out. In one musical moment, Lloyd dances to Vanilla Ice's 1990 hit, "Ice, Ice Baby," even though the movie is set in 1986. That's how dumb he is, dancing to music that hasn't even been recorded yet. .     