 RUSH HOUR 2: Comedy. Starring Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan. Directed by Brett Ratner. (PG-13. 93 minutes) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Globalism hasn't had its great comedy yet. And "Rush Hour 2" isn't likely to get the kids rioting in the streets of Genoa. Let some other cross- racial, cross-cultural, cross-commercial flick step up to the plate. The movie,  lightly directed by "Rush Hour" visionary Brett Ratner, simply takes the first movie's shtick global, moving from Los Angeles to Hong Kong and still having fun with the idea that to the rest of the world, Chris Tucker epitomizes America.  Tucker and Jackie Chan reprise their previous relationship and give it a lovey emotional center -- black men are from Mars; Chinese dudes are from Venus. After Chan thinks Tucker has died in an explosion at his Hong Kong precinct, P. Diddy's life-after-death tribute "I'll Be Missing You" comes on, reducing him to mush. And as long as it's entangled in multi-culti absurdity, "Rush Hour 2" is actually a better time than the first one: Tucker ordering the in-flight kosher meal; Chan, after miles of Tucker's ethnic verbal abuse, finally retaliating; the two bugging out together to "California Girls" on the streets of Hong Kong.  Because "RH2's" grasp on detectives is tenuous at best, Chan and Tucker play themselves playing cops. It's a fact that becomes riotously evident in the reel of outtakes that caps the picture and incites wonder about why no one thought to give us 90 minutes of those in-  stead. Chan and Tucker -- their characters are Lee and Carter, though it hardly matters -- are solving a corruption case involving -- well, who cares what the case is about? If you've sat through one action flick about Chinese triads, money laundering and a curdled police force, you've sat through them all.  On the thriller front, "Rush Hour 2" is mangy. Reliably, the action sequences are a hyperactive blur. (In one chase number, the Doppler effect that's used as extras fall through bamboo scaffolding and past the camera is pretty funny.) But they don't advance the narrative so much as make you glad it has stopped.  The writing credit goes to Jeff Nathanson. But he doesn't appear to have accomplished anything more than you could have, if left alone with a few episodes of "Miami Vice" and a "Lethal Weapon" boxed set.  @sk,1 And as a derivative bonus, Lalo Schifrin's score suggests that James Bond might be lurking behind the Buddha statues. Otherwise, know that John Lone is playing Ricky Tan, someone rich and shady enough to be guilty of something international, which helps transport the film from Hong Kong to Vegas. This production is as gleefully cynical as Tucker is charmingly rude: On both sides of the camera, everybody knows "it's all about the Benjamins."  That includes Alan King as a sleazy hotelier mixed up with Tan, and Rosalyn Sanchez as a sexy but possibly corrupt Secret Service agent with a thing for Chan. In the film's most dazzling but odd bit of casting, Zhang Ziyi plays Tan's taciturn, bomb-throwing fille fatale. This is what bringing down the house in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" gets you: the Grace Jones part in a so-so action-comedy-thriller sequel. Zhang's gone from defensive pugnacity to unmitigated aggression. Suffice it to say, "RH2" is scared to death of her, stringing her along as a lethal special effect.  Lone, incidentally, effete as ever, also appears to be angling for the Alan Rickman villain hall of fame -- if not in scope of role then in pure swishy demeanor. Swishier is Jeremy Piven in a cameo as the fashion coordinator who puts Tucker in a snakeskin suit and Chan in a gold herringbone choker.  The encounter is very "Beverly Hills Cop," which brings "Rush Hour 2" and Tucker to the Eddie Murphy mantle. Murphy is a changeling; Tucker has one note and it squeals out of him. Still, he's indifferent to what you think, whereas Murphy of late has a tendency to be needy. In one of the film's best non- outtake moments, Tucker commits a karaoke overhaul of Michael Jackson's "Don't Stop Till You Get Enough." It's funny, though, given Tucker's role in the film as the point-and-exclaim indulger of all things exotically global, that he doesn't do "We Are the World."  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Advisory: This film contains sexual situations and violence.     