 One of the ways critics can tell how popular a movie is going to be is the number people who ask "When is it opening?" and "Have you seen it?" Based on that totally unscientific method, I rank A Mighty Wind second only to The Matrix Reloaded as the can't-wait-to-see-it movie of the year so far. For all those eager fans yearning to know how Christopher Guest and company followed up Waiting For Guffman from 1996 and Best in Show from 2000, I have good news: People, I loved this movie. The premise is that the manager of several acts that were popular during the heyday of folk music has died, and his former clients assembled for a live, televised tribute at New York's Town Hall. The organizer is the dead man's son, Jonathan Steinbloom (Bob Balaban), a man so nervous that floral arrangements cause him anxiety. The musical groups are the New Main Street Singers, a peppy "neuf-tet" whose nine members include a color-worshipping couple (Jane Lynch and John Michael Higgins); Mitch and Mickey (Eugene Levy and Catherine O'Hara), once the sweethearts of the folk world; and The Folksmen, Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shearer, who are as funny playing aging folkies as they were as rockers in This is Spinal Tap, the eternally-hilarious 1984 heavy-metal spoof directed by Rob Reiner. As they prepare for the occasion, the musicians reveal a cascade of jealousies, neuroses, insecurities, delusions and weird personal history that add up to a remarkably empathetic reflection of lives a lot like anyone else's - that is, full of tangents and reversals and unexpected results. It's just these lives are much funnier than most. The Guest method of moviemaking is unique; working from the wri- ters' story outline, the actors improvise dialogue throughout rehearsals to develop a complete narrative. It takes very, very smart actors to make the process work, and Mighty Wind is replete with some of the best, many of them seasoned writers and directors as well as performers. In the years since Spinal Tap, the fake documentary has become a staple of low-budget movie-making. Yet, none of the many copies that followed came close to equaling the sheer lacerating wit of the the original. Until, that is, Guest (and co-writer Levy) took over directing chores for the equally demented Guffman, about a small-town theatrical production, and the dog-show romp Best in Show. The ensemble put together for those two films returns in Mighty Wind, including Balaban, Parker Posey, Don Lake and the magically expressive O'Hara. Every one of them gets moments of great comic wit, but the funniest of the returning crew is Fred Willard. As a former sitcom actor now managing the New Main Street Singers, he elevates his signature creation - the clueless mook who is deeply, permanently delighted with himself - to pure art. It's just too bad we don't give knighthoods for comedy in this country. Close on his heels in the sheer-hysteria ranks is Jennifer Coolidge as publicity agent Amber Cole; with only a few minutes on screen she had the audience literally howling. And if that's not what makes a comedy great, I don't know what does     