 You have to hand it to Sean Connery. In today's young and younger Hollywood, you just don't find too many grumpy old movie stars with the clout to have their name solo above the title of a $100 million summer action-fantasy like "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen." Jackie Chan is seven months shy of 50, and still lithe as a cat scaling a wall. Nevertheless, it is clear in The Medallion that he is not the miraculous whirlwind he once was.  His fight scenes and chases, while still choreographed with balletic ingenuity, tend to highlight earth-bound skills - like that wall-climbing trick he still executes so effortlessly.  More tellingly, he submits at long last to the dominion of special effects.  Particularly in the second half of the movie, he sails through the air in fanciful style, propelled by wires and computer-generated illusions.  There is nothing inherently wrong with that, and heaven knows no other action star at work today has shown Chan's uncanny stamina. The guy deserves a break.  Still, the high-flying digital tricks signal the end of the pure-Jackie era of no stunt doubles, no wires and no computer effects.  Old-schoolers may mourn, but action stars like to show they are more than fists and feet, so why not the Chan Man himself?  As if to underscore the transition to a new style, The Medallion also gives Chan a reasonable facsimile of a romance, not to mention his first serious on-screen kiss.  Claire Forlani (Meet Joe Black) does an able job as Nicole James, an Interpol officer who reconnects with Hong Kong inspector Eddie Yang (Chan) when he goes to Ireland looking for a kidnapped child.  It seems the little boy was born to fulfill an ancient Buddhist prophecy about supernatural powers - including life and death - to be had with a certain magical medallion.  Naturally, a megalomaniacal bad guy - with the wickedly lurid name of Snakehead (Julian Sands) - has gotten wind of the prophecy and means to have the medallion for himself.  In the opening scenes, Eddie rescues the boy from a burning room shortly after sharing his octopus dinner with a street-side dog. (Nobody ever accused the Hong Kong action-movie community of excessive subtlety.) For the rest of the movie, he performs variations of the same feat, as the kid changes hands several times.  At one point, Eddie even appears to be stone-cold dead, but having bonded with the life-and-death kid, he gets to come back. His rebirth bonus is virtual immortality. He can feel pain but doesn't bleed when injured - as demonstrated in a funny scene when he is stabbed repeatedly by an incredulous crony.  That crony is another Interpol agent called Watson, played by the British slapstick comic Lee Evans (Mouse Hunt), who is sometimes charmingly clumsy and sometimes cloying and overbroad.  Aside from such tone-deaf lapses, director Gordon Chan, who shares writing credit with four others, observes the conventions of the Jackie Chan style while adding a layer of high-tech polish to the proceedings.  The movie's action scenes are choreographed by Chan's childhood friend Sammo Hung, the veteran Hong Kong director and actor best known in the United States from his stint on the TV series Martial Law.  Hung's playful take on martial-arts style perfectly matches Chan's own comic bent; together they pack more wit into a simple chase than most action movies do into their most elaborate showdowns.  It is that wit that is the sorriest loss in the turn to special effects. Anybody can fly with a green screen and wires, but it takes a creative mind to figure out a way for one little guy to whomp a roomful of opponents all by himself.     