 i'm going to be brief and tell you what you need to know about this album. there are about five great songs on here that are amazing.  and two or three songs that are a-ok by cephalic carnage standards. the great songs are: anthro-emesis: a trippy song with a cool main riff, all out technical drumming.  an interesting opus about ancient rome and some really perverted caesars.  there's no reason to not like this song, that is, unless you don't like grind or death metal. pseudo:  great intro that is reminiscient of dillinger escape plan and a hilarious break after the first verse that goes: right guitar trill, left guitar, bass, drum roll.  you'll love it, i know i did.  the rest of the song is good too. worth the listen. black metal sabbath: cephalic carnage does a take on black metal with their patented grind twist, plus a great sabbath-esque stoner rock break down in the later half.  awesome riff.  i wish they did more stuff like that, but then i could just go listen to bongzilla or spirit caravan. cannabism: just an interlude, but great nonetheless.  nice flamenco acoustic guitar and spanish guy singing which is a perfect lead in to the amazing title track. lucid interval:  just a flat out great song.  technical, hummable, catchy, brutal and heavy.  weird too.  no one really does breaks the way cephalic carnage does. the rest of the album after this song are pretty good too, though these are the standout tracks.  the rest of the album is listenable but it is does not have the well roundedness of exploiting dysfunction where every track was a great listen.  this is a good album, others might not be as picky as I, so i'd suggest you pick it up if you are a fan of weird music, want something cool to listen to when you're stoned, or like some nice, strong grind.  this is definately entertaining, though if you haven't gotten an album by these guys yet, start with exploiting dysfunction.  overall: good but could've been better. i think that if these guys keep at it for a couple more albums, they could be the pink floyd of grind.  but they're not quite their yet.     