 first off, i used to be a big huge giant nin fan.  but now i'm not because i've grown as a music fan, though i still mildly enjoy the music.  now i listen to lots of stuff, but mostly mr. bungle, mindless self indulgence, primus, dimmu borgir, refused, slayer, paul oakenfold, and frank sinatra.  for all you people complaining about the profanity(namely 'big man with a gun'), settle down a second. to my understanding, i've heard it's just trent making fun of gangsta rap. that's all it really is. the lyrical aspects at least.  as for the rest of the profanity, yes it is very bad and very depraved but it's not quite nu-metal so i'm not as put off about it as i should be.  nu-metal is just sooooooooooo bad... the depravity is one of the reasons i'm not really into nin, anymore. how many times can you listen to someone whine about they're personal problems that can be changed with a simple attitude adjustment? before you people blast me for possibly minimizing one's pain, shut up.  i've been through everything trent has supposedly been through and more and i came out on top. if i can do it, anyone can.  as for the music, i must say that some of it is actually very well written but much of it could've been done better.  this is ok industrial.  he makes some good static, march of the pigs is pretty cool agro-rock. the piano hook at the end of the chorus is a nice touch. very pretty.   many of the songs have their good points but several have sucky things that just don't stand out. the ending of ruiner with the acoustic guitar sounds really weak, though i think the screaming people loop is pretty cool.  the title track is long and boring ambient static, with the ending of 'closer' playing in the background.  he just could'be done so much more with some of these songs. a lot of it is very bland static, with trent whispering something very self-doubting. that's most of the album. but sometimes it actually works. 'hurt' is pretty guitar/static/well placed piano in the chorus/well written lyrics(in my opinion, probably because i used to relate or wanted to very badly because i was like that), 'a warm place' is my favorite because it just sounds so serene(another piece of static and synthesizers).  i don't know.. there's good stuff on here. but there's worthless crap too. worth buying used, i think.  though this is far from metal, hard or fast. it's just pseudo-industrial poprock with lots and lots of static. anyone who thinks this is underground, anti-mainstream genious is an idiot who just got lucky.  this is pop. if you want something that isn't mainstream at all, check out disco volante by mr. bungle.     