 Mr. MC Hood makes a lot of fine points and is quite right on a lot of them.  This album is not perfect, the songs aren't perfect, and there are other suitable directions the production could've taken.  Not perfect but pretty close if you ask me.  The band exhibits a rather wide range of styles on this album, discernable ones to my ears include hints of: Grief, Earth, MC5, the Stooges, Venom, Melvins, and some odd ambient yet melodic passages.  I would say the band has their own style.  They are indeed a drone band as Mr. Hood stated, songs are long and tend to 'drone'(ie: parts are repeated to the point of the listener zoning out).  I think it's a great aspect of their music.  At first I was a bit put off because to some it could easily be interpreted as boring.  After repeated listens it became funny and very obviously done on purpose.  When you first hear it happen on a song like Ganbow-Ki, the song moves along at a rockin pace then drops off with the bass and drummer by themselves.  As you listen to it, it sounds like they are preparing for a guitar solo, or break, or bridge or something, ANYTHING but it doesn't come the beat just continues.   A few things may come to mind: did they mess up and kept it on the final track?  Is this some kind of joke where the actual break comes up when you don't suspect it?  If the song drones on for any of these reasons I find it funny, but the song keeps going and I soon stop asking questions because I'm zoning out as I listen to it or I forget why I was asking questions in the first place.  Much later the music resumes with a new intro and moves in another direction rather different from the way it began.  edit: after another listen, this droning aspect isn't as endearing on the track 'Hama' but tolerable.  It's a very pleasant and relaxing style of songwriting where there is really no rush to 'WOW' or amaze the listener, but entertain, occupy, and accompany. It's 'drone music', where you both feel and listen to it not so much to pump your fist and throw cups of beer too.  Although their heavy-handed rock n roll segments certainly allow for that kind of behaviour, there's just a bit more to it.  Overall I think this is an incredibly solid album and easily among some of the better records I own of recent times(considering both metal and otherwise).  It can be listened to as an album, there are ups and downs and a variety of tones/moods/etc.  I add that it wasn't obviously good, I had to listen to this thing quite a few times before I began to click with it and notice the band's subtle nuances.  I would suggest picking it up if you are a fan of heavy music or a fan of rock n roll and don't mind some odd experimentation, keeping in mind the bands I noted in the second paragraph.     