 this is good. this is just a very well written rock album, to put it bluntly.  few bands manage to capture raw power, energy and intensity as well as these guys do.  this band showcases great musical flair and energy easily as well as Rage, Nirvana, and Refused.  even when the music slows down, there's still tension there to bring something to the experience so you're never let down.  This band doesn't write terribly complicated pieces of music, it's just that it's well written. the way the afore mentioned bands write music, but it's enough their own style to not call them a bunch of posers trying to be something that already exists.  This band focuses on the political, and while i do have a big interest in politics, i seldom care to hear what some band has to say(who usually are leaning hard toward the left).  Or at least i think it's about politics.  it sounds enough like it is. i haven't totally checked on it to make sure, but the point is is that the Bixler sings with a great amount of conviction and charisma.  this stuff can really move you when it gets going, especially on 'invalid litter dept.'.  you can't not react to this music. it's just that good.  the only problems that bother me with the album, are that the singer can often sound like a combination between Zack from Rage and Serj from System of A Down.  but is that really a bad thing? and besides, once you get the full effect you can tell that he has enough of his own stye to call this his own thing.  the other thing that slightly bothers me about this album is that occasionally the music seems to clutter together and get rather messy(squealy guitars and such..). but the messiness kind of works for the band and can be found as part of the appeal, since they play enough of the album clearly so you can tell that the band knows what they're going for, though sometimes i questioned it.  in short, this is just a good rock album. dont' pass it up.  this band has a great range and great energy, a 'moving' musical experience if i do say so myself...     