 at first, i took a bit of a liking to mudshovel.  that was about it.  i thought the song was ok, it had some really neat harmonics in there, a nice catchy cure-like bassline, it's easily the best song on the album.  but i grew tired of it a lot quicker than i thought i would.  and then i heard the rest of the album. staind is easily one of the most overrated bands out there today.  they are mediocre at best.  very flat, 2-dimensional music that gives off an overall 'bland' feeling. the lyrics are terrible. i have never heard of any MAN being so obsessed with the way he feels.  he sounds like a woman!  not that it's a bad thing to be open about your feelings or anything like that but i believe there's a way you can talk about the way you feel without sounding like a .... bad lyrics like 'such a cancer on the face of everything that's beautiful'(sounds very contrived to me..), 'i'm so pathetic', 'i'm not ok'.  it's terrible.  it's like this guy has never had any cultural influences whatsoever that might clue him in to how to write some decent lyrics.  he's just describing feelings of loneliness, desparation, and depression in very bland terms. korn does a better job at this, and we all know that korn is anything but poetry.  many people have told me that aaron's vocals are nothing to sneeze at. let me tell you something about this album, he can't scream or yell.  not the way max cavalera or tom araya can, it's a very weak, sorry, 'i don't think i can' kind of scream. but thankfully he 'sings' most of the album. but aaron has no vocal range!  he just hits the same note every time he opens his mouth for nine songs.  maybe if he did more than that, this album could be saved in my opinion. but it's far from interesting. whenever i hear staind, i hear an apalling lack of energy.  this music actually makes me sleepy, thanks to the aaron's drowsy, droning voice, the very bad 'i can't' lyrics, and the guitar work. there's nothing terrible about the guitars and bass at all, really.  it's just that most of these songs aren't very origional.  the bassline almost always follows the main riff, never ventures out to give your ears something to hang on.  it's just very bad alice in chains, even worse korn but without any vocal talent(though i don't consider alice or korn to be the best examples of bands with good vocal talent).  that's about how it is.  this band is like a worser version of coal chamber, but the lead singer can't scream and he can't sing more than one note.  i hope that gives you a pretty accurate idea of this album, i find it a little puzzling how this band made it so big.  'mudshovel' isn't a bad song, i didn't think much of the second single 'home', it's just very lackluster, very unorigional. i've said this in several review of this type of music, it's been done before and it's been done better. buy something else, something good like radiohead, tool, led zeppelin, mr. bungle. just about anything has more talent than this band.     