 i think it's strange so many people are giving the locust bad reviews, because that would imply that you had heard them.  how?  and if you heard them you were probably already a fan of some noisy music like grindcore, or maybe you're just some punk fans or happened across them by chance?  you'd think you'd at least enjoy it somewhat for the noise factor but i don't know... here's my review.  having heard 'moth eaten deer head' when i was in high school.  it was real brief and i wasn't into extreme music yet.  just stuff like primus, slayer, pantera, and smashing pumpkins but i thought it was real cool cuz it was short and full of noise and energy.  2003, i buy the album being somewhat familiar with more types of music.  the songs are real spastic, like a mixture between the styles of grindcore, noise/noisecore, and powerviolence.  there are the usual rock instruments but with a lot of really STRANGE keyboard noises thrown in and some incredibly annoying vocals.  the keyboards sound like strange squishing/squashing, gloops, bleeps, stuff from the atari soundboard and noises made by a bunch of big electric bugs squirting juice and buzzing around. it's really weird.  for the most part, i like it, but the vocals bug me and the songs are kind of bland because they generally stick to one style of writing with little variation.  but they do the style incredibly well so it's really not that bad, you just want something to come out and grab you besides the random stop/starts of the songs.  by the cd itself, their not bad at all but it gets kind of boring, and depending on how you take to the vocals it could outright annoy you.  it's almost like they're outright mocking the idea of vocals.  occasionally they slow things down a little bit and give the music room to breathe to much effect.  at the moment i think they have some great ideas but i don't listen to it much.  then i saw them live last night and the idea of the locust made a lot more sense.  they take to the stage dressed in white suits with strange alien/locust/bug masks.  the keyboards are much more pronounced live(or maybe they played more songs with keyboards?), and really texture the sound.  during soundchecks the vocals sounded more like strange alien noises from a b-sci fi/horror film than a little girl whining.  when the whole band came together, i can honestly say they do indeed sound like a swarm of locusts! a big electric locust.  if a locust could talk, that would be the vocals, all of it's buzzing around and gross bodily functions would be the keyboards, and everything else about locusts would be the rest of the band.  it was very interesting watching the interplay between the band as they traded vocals during songs(3 members scream).  seeing them live did a lot for my impression of the locust,  you don't see something this conceptually quirky and expertly played too often.  and dare i say it, they upstaged the dillinger escape plan with stage presence, tightness, clear sound, nicely lengthed songs, and a lack of blinding lights.  not to say that DEP didnt slay too, i just love performances with character and yes, they are indeed talented.  they're playing noise but let's see just any band get up there and play complex songs as fast and as tight as they do.  to summarize: the locust are a cool band.  they have a great concept and a good mixture of sounds, though the songs can become rather bland due to a lack of variation.  it would be better to listen to them a few songs at a time, on a compilation cd, or see them live.  i'll probably be able to listen to the whole thing in one sitting eventually but not right now.  i'd give it around 3.5 stars, maybe another for origionality.  edit: I've had a lot more time for this to sink in.  I can honestly say I like it a lot and play it fairly regularily.  I no longer mind the staccato song structure, the music is quite varied in form.  They are accomplished musicians playing simple music in a complicated format, the drummer is great and I especially like the use of multiple vocals.  If I had to sum up the band in a word it would be 'sarcastic'.  I think they're a well executed concept.  In short, I like it and some really vocal people don't.  whatever     