 This is a beautiful album.  though i should warn anyone who wants to take a listen of mr. bungle should know that they're not anything like radio. nothing like mtv, these guys are they're own thing.  I'd say that all these guys listened to a lot of jazz and frank zappa in they're day.  but those influences are way more apparant on disco volante. this one is way more listenable than disco, and much more immediately likeable.  The overall sound of this album is very melodic, hawaiian type sounds mixed with elements of jazz, death metal, lounge, and other genres i can't quite put my finger on.  I would say that this band and album are for people who are tired of hearing the same songs on the radio played over and over, only to have the same song be rehashed by another up and coming band whose smash hit too, will be played over and over.  These guys helped satisfy something in me that my previous music wasn't delivering.  this stuff is origional, it has personality and when you hear it, you can tell they don't really give a damn about what anyone is going to think.  when you listen to this, i suggest you listen to it in a nice clean room, by yourself or with the person you love, because i feel it is a very romantic sounding album.  especially songs like 'pink cigarette', 'retrovertigo', and 'the air-conditioned nightmare'. it's very atmospheric, has a lot of depth if you know what i mean. i think this album 'flows' very nicely too. it brings all it's influences together and it works surprisingly well, much more fluent than the self-titled. that one just kind of stopped abruptly and started playing something else, but this one just flows. it's beautiful.  that's how i would describe it. i find it a truly enjoyable listening experience.  all tracks on the album are more than worthy efforts, though the best ones are 'air-conditioned nightmare', 'goodbye sober day', and the song that origionally got me into these guys, 'golem ii: the bionic vapor boy'.  definitely check this thing out.     