 so new lineup, with veteran and core songwriter jus oborn.  the band's songwriting has improved greatly focusing more on melody and vocals than they have in the past while still retaining the monolithically huge riffs pure doom aesthetic they are known for.  jus' vocals are no longer buried in the mix which was hit(dopethrone/cmf) and miss(let us prey) if you ask me.  sometimes it worked to their advantage and created great atmosphere, other times it just sounded like crap.  You will also no longer hear Jus taking huge breaths in between lines( most noticeable on I, the Witchfinder).  His singing is more proper, he hits all the notes and can sustain them without making it sound awkward.  It works very well with the direction of this album.  The playing is great too, as Justin Greaves displays about as much skill as you need to when pounding out ruthless, stoned doom.  All parts are played expertly by the band.  No muffed chords or botched areas in solo excursions.  So with a tighter band and proper production, all minor problems and nuances concerning the band's sound have been remedied.  It is not as ridiculously huge sounding as on Dopethrone, but it is still big nonetheless.  It is more akin to that of a cleaner, brighter High on Fire sound.  Not exactly like it, just comparing.  If you need an example, go download The Sun Has Turned to Black at www.stonerrock.com.    Which leads us to the music:  After Let Us Prey and all their other EPs and singles I didn't think EW had it in them to create an album that could match up to CMF or Dopethrone, and hearing The Sun Has Turned to Black didn't help my opinion any.  That opening riff is horrendous if you ask me, though after repeated listens I have found it's one of the better 'songs' on the album.  The riff works a lot better with vocals and the full band behind it, and the solos in the song are memorable and suit the mood.  As for the rest of the album, it's awesome.  The songs are inspired and soulful though they tend to run on way too long once the main parts have run their course.  They like to play that one  riff from the song for an extra three or four minutes after the last chorus, which is annoying and seems like a cop-out as a way to avoid pushing themselves any further.  That's a minor gripe as when I'm driving around in my car listening to the album, I really don't mind the repetition.  I just think they're capable of doing a little more with the music.  Song breakdown: 1. Eko Eko Azarak- at first I thought it was probably the best EW song to date.  Great chanting vocals, huge memorable riffs, cool lyrics, total absolute doom.  Nothing about this song is fast, even the solo drags along. Awesome. 2. We Live- cool riffs, lyrics, screaming about zombie type stuff.  Pretty appropriate considering EW's past with seriously screwing themselves up.  Runs on a bit long though. 3. Malfiore- good song, not much to note.  Just a good song for this album. 4. Another Perfect Day?- probably could've been on Let Us Prey, it doesn't suck.  Nice use of two guitars. 5. The Sun Has Turned to Black- I think the opening riff is annoying but it gets a lot better when the rest of the band comes in followed by a well placed solo. 6. Saturn's Children- you could call this Saturn's Children of the Grave, 15 minutes of doomy riffage and a lot of solo that rules.  When I say 'solo' in the context of this album, it's more like a lead melody.  One of their better songs if you ask me, along with the Eko Eko and We Live.  So there you go, if you were ever disappointed with them, this might renew your interest and probably wouldn't be a bad place to start for those new to the band.  I hope this review offers some insight.     