 if you don't like this band and worship the members as gods, you are an inferior being and for that i look down my nose at you even though i'm only fifteen like i know what the hell i'm talking about. the benevolent reverend maynard told me to be myself and open my mind to new ideas so i snub people who have different opinions from me. tool are the most amazing, intellectual, spiritual, aesthetically pleasing sonic experience i've ever had and because of that, i'm in a class all my own and can't be touched. nevermind the fact that aenima has gone platinum and everyone else who owns it thinks the same exact thing. i'm still my own person and i'm still better than you because tool are gods. you can come crawling back to me when you've realized the musical genious and sonic voyage that is tool, and only then will i treat you as an equal. i'm open minded. i listen to tool. has anyone else had this experience when talking to a tool fan? they have this single-minded ferocity similar to that of a born-again christian or a member of the 'holy rollers'. it's weird. anyway, as for the music, i like the songs eulogy, message to harry manback, hooker with a penis, intermission and die eier von satan. i'd like the rest if i hadn't heard the singles a million times and if the rest didn't get so boring. it just kind of goes on and on, and isn't really as layered as you may be lead to believe by these reviews. BUT this is a fine album for just about everybody. you might as well buy it if you haven't already. whether you like it or not, this album/band is pretty influencial for a lot of bands, even though pretty much all of them [stink](just about every radioband after '96 or however long it took a band to get together and make an album after listening to aenima, alice in chains, and nirvana.)i think the fact that this band has a weird cult-like following should say something too.  i liked this when i was in high school(about the time it came out), but then i moved on to other kinds of music that have more going on. i'm past my tool phase. i saw them live too. they sound great, they're very tight(not as in 'phat', as in they play together exceptionally well). the show is great. they dont do much on stage and it helps immensely if you're high on something. but as for the MUSIC... only if you like it. the new show is mostly lateralus. i hated lateralus so i hated the show. lateralus was EMPTY and BORING. yeah i said 'empty'.  nothing special. nice visuals from time to time.     