 This, and the rest of the video collection, is all we Dr. Katz fans can hold onto. As far as I'm concerned this was the best show on TV (along with Martin). I still can't believe Dr. Katz was cancelled; even syndication! This squiggly vision show will have you laughing till your belly hurts! Watching Dr. Katz's daily life is HALARIOUS! All of Dr. Katz's patients are professional comics(i.e. Dave Chappelle, Ray Ramono, Ben Stiller, Jon Stewart, and more!). It makes the show even funnier! Synopsis of Main Characters: Dr. Katz- Meek, soft spoken, divorcee who is a professional therapist. He is often walked all over by his secretary, and good buddy.  Ben Katz- Product of Dr. Katz's failed marriage, Ben is a 25 year old boy (hence the word BOY) who still lives with his father in a 2-bedroom apartment in the city. Ben is VERY dependent, and has no plans (or at least realistic ones) of doing anything for himself. He has never had a job; the closest thing was his mission to breed Vietnamese pot bellied pigs from home! The only thing stopping him was the $3,000.00 he would have to pay per pig; he had a great time trying to talk daddikins into that one. All he does is walk around the house in non-matching socks, a t-shirt, and his tidy whiteys! Oh, and Mr. Bulley; he always has to have Mr. Bulley (a stuffed bull). Laura- She is the sassy secretary of Dr. Katz that doesn't seem to take anyone seriously. It's more like she is running his office. She is also the sparkle in Ben's eye; Benny Boy has a great big crush on Laura!  Stan- He reminds me so much of Larry on Three's Company! He is a late 30's early 40 something year old bachelor that thinks he is the total ladies man. He sells real estate by day, and picks up the ladies by night (or so he thinks!). He is always feeding Dr. Katz with bad advice on women. He even drinks at a place that is very similar to the Regal Beagle that Larry and Jack drank at.  With these four, and all the supporting characters of the show, that is why this is one of the best shows my Magnavox has ever seen! Even without the professional comics The Katz Man, Ben, Laura, and Stan make the show worth watching! I would recommend this to everyone! Thanks fatti     