 I really loved this movie. After watching this movie, I came to the conclusion that I just couldn't watch it another time. Not because it's a bad movie, but because of how emotionally draining it is (reading the reviews, I've found I'm not the only one who reacted this way to the movie). The acting was so good and the movie was produced so well that it pulled me in completely. I was completely drained after this movie. I don't cry when watching movies, but I was balling after seeing this one. Even after stepping away from the film, I watched it about two weeks ago; I almost come to tears just talking about it. I couldn't even explain the movie to anyone because I would begin to cry. Bjork does such a great job of bringing Selma alive that you fall in love with her during the course of the movie. You feel like a friend that is standing by. Because of that, the movie was so emotional for me. I couldn't stand to see what my friend was going through. The story of the movie was great. They really thought it through because when I stepped away from the film, it just continued to make more and more sense to me. The story was strong, and the writing was excellent. It was so innovative how they incorporated music into this movie. The musical aspect of it just added more depth and personality to Selma. I felt like I was entering a portal into Selma's mind when the music began. The musical aspect of it wasn't cheesy at all; it was so creative. The acting was superb. It was like every actor in this movie fully became his or her character. I'm a huge fan of Bjork, but during the movie I didn't remember I was watching Bjork star in a movie at all; I was just watching Selma. The entire supporting cast did an excellent job of portraying his or her character. Talk about complete suspension of disbelief. I was in the movie entirely; felt the movie's emotions completely.  The direction was solid and unique. The way they chose to shoot the movie was very, very neat. The camera angles and editing were really original. I honestly credit the direction and movie style for creating that portal into that world. Most movies make you feel like you are watching a movie, but this movie made you feel like you entered that world at that time.  I would highly recommend this film to everyone. This movie allowed me to have a truly wonderful movie experience. This is only one of two movies that touched me so deep, that stayed with me long after the show was over, that drew me in so completely.  I must say this, when I first started watching the movie I was singing a completely different tune. During the beginning of the movie, I didn't realize that everything I was seeing was very much in tune with the whole story line (I didn't know anything about this movie when I got it). Then I came to this site, read some good reviews, and decided to go ahead and finish this movie. So don't be discouraged with it too quickly. Give it a chance, and most likely you'll find the treasure that I did.  fatti     