 Having read many books on this subject, I found this one to be almost a "pros vs. cons" decision making aid.  I feel this book may be helpful to those that aren't really sure what decsion to make and want to  hear other people's stories, especially lots of details into their regrets.    Anyone who has read Elinor Burkett's book, "The Baby Boon"  (fantastic book! ), will probably be shocked to read this author's  section on the need for more government and industry financial support  ("workplace nurseries", "career breaks, flexi-hours",  "statutory leave to care for sick children", "better  maternity and paternity leave") for families with kids (who is this  book really written for anyway! ), because the author states (don't  faint, fan's of "The Baby Boon"!):   "Hopefully working  conditions will change with time, and women will not feel that their need  to have children is so incompatible with their need to be in a paid  employment.  Until that day, career aspirations significantly support and  feed the decision-making process about being child-free." (pg  200). The author also lets her own biases show through on pages 193-194  when she is decribing that not all her subjects are "high-flyers"  in the professional world.  I believe anyone who is doing exactly what  makes them happy in life is a high-flyer!  She states what several of her  subjects do - yet she states with a slightly judgemental undertone that one  "describes herself as a housewife" - whereas all the others'  occupations are stated without hesitation by the author.  It made me wonder  if the author had some disblief or negative opinions about married CF women  that are housewives!  Her book is supposed to be about choices for  women! Also - her final statement in the book is stated in the negative,  rather than the positive - : "As the new identities of child-free  women receive more social recognition and acceptance, perhaps in the  twenty-first century we will not think that the woman who does not become a  mother has something missing from her life, and that every path is nothing  more than an inferior substitute for motherhood."  (pg  232-233)...That's like a worker stating on his resume that he is not  uneducated and stupid, instead of the much better ...that he is educated  and smart. Overall, it's great that more books are being written on this  subject, and this one may help some people who are in doubt.....but I would  have liked to have seen much more written in the book about the subjects  with no regrets, as opposed to the majority of the author's subjects that  did, or were unwilling to commit permanently (in a medical way) to their  decision.   If you are CF and have no regrets and are a fan of Elinor  Burkett's - then don't buy this book. Thank You.     