 .... The first thing one notes is this book is written in a highly journalistic style. It reads as if a very long article in the New York Times. The author rarely explains anything herself; instead, she moves from one direct quote to another by various players in the wavelet field(s), with a small amount of glue in between. Although this lets the reader know he's probably getting some modicum of "truth," it leaves the material poorly flowing and difficult to read, let alone get any depth. Speaking of depth, I would have to say I got very little depth out of this, in either a layman's sense (reading for pleasure or to find out a bit about wavelets) nor in a mathematical sense (reading to write software, a WinAMP plugin, an image compressor, or anything practical). For this reason, this book is relatively worthless, in my opinion. In fact, I feel I learned more about Fourier analysis than about wavelets, both mathematically and on a layman's basis. (For a good solid mathematical introduction to Fourier Analysis, see A First Course in Fourier Analysis by David Kammler; I recommend it.) The first five chapters are a historical discussion of wavelets. By the fourth, I didn't really feel any urge to read the fifth (although I did). The remainder of the book was a series of slightly mathematical discussions on certain themes from the first five chapters (as D. Anderson refers to in his review). None of these interludes were either deep enough nor broad enough to give any real understanding, although some were somewhat interesting, such as the proof of the Uncertainty Principle for what can be learned from a signal and its Fourier transform. Finally, this book was both too long (as I said, it wore me out 30% of the way through) and too short - it had hardly the depth or breadth that would allow any meaningful investigation of wavelets on one's own. Note that the last page reveals that the author was, until this book, a journalist, and that this is her first book - and it was originally written in French and translated into English by her (it does not read like a translated book). In sum, this book is better than total garbage (for which I reserve my one star rating and only believe the book "Java Design" by Peter Coad deserves, so far) but doesn't really enlighten interest nor knowledge.     