 The first half of this book is a fine discussion of overly ambitious  photographers, hikers, swimmers, boaters, and flyers.  At the point that the text begins to discuss guided boat trips and flying accidents, it becomes less useful. The authors note the importance of propert training, staffing, and equipment on guided trips and discuss the loopholes in various regulations that may impair safety. The book could have been more helpful if it had provided some clear guidance (perhaps a summary or checklist) for tourists about researching boating and air trips to avoid the least safe companies.  The section on an armed panhandler living three miles into the Canyon raised some questions about violent crime in and around the Canyon and whether the NPS policies prohibiting self-defense weapons in the Parks are a wise idea. If 4 armed park rangers had trouble with one armed man, what risks exist for solo or small groups of hikers? The following section on a kidnapper in the park raised similar concerns. Statistics on non-fatal assaults, robberies, and sexual assaults on hikers inside the Canyon would have been an interesting addition to this chapter.  This is not an academic analysis, but the authors at times seem unaware of the problems of witness' perceptions and memory. A subsequent volume might want to look into some of the research in this area and add a few more qualifiers when relying on anecdotal data.  The weakest part of the book is the epilogue where the authors move from a solid analysis based on recorded incidents into a discussion of the sociology of adventure tourism and a diatribe against tort lawyers and irresponsible juries. The authors assert, without providing any supporting data, that frivolous lawsuits are costing National Park Service resources and impose irksome restrictions on responsible travelers. Without any supporting data, this rant feels tacked on by the authors and signficantly diminishes the solid feeling of the rest of the book. (Those 4 pages cost the book a star in this reviewer's eyes.)     