      This book studies evidence and convictions based on Dutch riminal trials producing some useful insights applicable to American  cases. The authors' thesis is that triers of fact reach their decisions based on two judgments: (1) an assessment of the plausibility of the prosecutor's account of the events and motives and (2) whether this narrative can be anchored by evidence to common-sense beliefs generally accepted as true most of the time.      The authors first discuss their theories of judicial and jury reasoning, focusing on how evidence is anchored to beliefs. They then turn to a discussion of police investigations, noting a distinction between offense-driven and suspect-driven searches - in the former the police begin with a crime scene and are search for the culprit; in the latter, the police attempt to link a suspect to an unsolved offense. In the former, the investigators collect evidence until it logically excludes everyone but the culprit. In the latter, the authors note that one needs only enough information to make the suspect look guilty. The problem with the latter is tunnel vision, confirmation bias, and officers willing to fabricate evidence against a suspect they are certain is guilty. The authors also discuss the difference between  verification vs. falsification in the context of confessions, alibis, and other evidence.      Later chapters discuss confession evidence and the problem of forced or false confessions; identification procedures; eyewitness testimony (contrasting mistaken witnesses with lying witnesses); and expert testimony. The authors suggest defense tactics to combat the assumptions and heuristics (reasoning shortcuts) often used by judges and juries and finally suggest ten universal evidentiary rules and procedures to improve the information available for fact-finders.      The text has internal citations instead of footnotes or endnotes. All of the referenced works are listed in five pages at the end. As a resource, the book may provide the reader with a number of good ideas for approaching legal analysis. Readers should be aware that the text is over ten years old - there has been a great deal of research, particularly in the fields of false confession and eyewitness identification in the intervening time.     