 What an amazing book! There's not enough room here to post my entire review from my website, but here's my last several paragraphs:  Jake, in the meantime, wants Callie so badly it hurts. Therefore, BLUE FLAME is filled with tension - between Jake and Callie, Jake and Tucker, and the staff and the new cook, Amy - and is only exacerbated by the apparent sabotage and danger suddenly present to Callie.   Callie and Jake have a connection so acute, that it nearly burns through the pages. So, while Callie's trying to fight her feelings for Jake, he is realizing that he'll never go back to firefighting. The pain in his heart breaks Callie's heart, and the reader will feel the pain as well. This is one of the elements that really makes BLUE FLAME work - Callie's compassion. Despite this sadness, it is very exciting to watch Jake take on new things daily, even though he is still in a lot of pain. There are also enigmatic employees, some with deep-rooted problems, but with Callie's special touch, she's made them all a family. Yet the mystery remains - who's sabotaging the BLUE FLAME?   BLUE FLAME is an adventurous book in a very different way, but an adventure nonetheless. Part of the adventure is the various groups that are paying guests at the BLUE FLAME and the activities planned for them, while Jake struggles to fit in. The other part of this being an adventure, is trying to discover who is trying to hurt the ranch, including Callie.   Ms. Shalvis has written her characters remarkably well and watching them evolve draws the reader right into the story. The reader feels the pain, the joys, and the sadness of all the characters - not just Jake and Callie, but also the other members of the staff, and the troubles they are facing. This character-driven book still has a very strong plot and is an engaging read from beginning to end. I am very eager for the next book in this exciting series, as I'm positive Ms. Shalvis will continue to create compelling characters in a story that deeply hits the heart of the reader.   Robin Taylor www.sizzlingromances.com December 2004 issue     