 I own quite a few handhelds. I'm always trying different models. So, when I saw the Zire 72 at a very affordable price, I thought I'd give it a try. I wanted to see if it would live up to the camera and video promises I'd read about in reviews. I also wanted to see how it played encoded .avi movies.  Well, despite the problem that I hear the paint rubs off with the blue Zire (and now Palm is making a silver issue), I got it, and I am very pleased with it. Since I didn't want to face seeing my paint fall off, I bought a designed case called Piel Frama, which protects the paint. Since the case has a belt clip, and I bought it in black, it makes the Zire look very professional.  Now, practical uses. I own, and use with true regularity - the Tapwave Zodiac 2 and the HP iPAQ 4355 PPC - but neither boasts a still picture and/or video camera. So, would I make good use of my time by dividing up my PDA use with yet another PDA - this one being the Zire 72?  - Videos - excellent - just adjust the lighting and do a couple short clips until you find the correct setting. The videos may not look like much on the small 320x320 screen, but hotsync them to your desktop or laptop, and you might find yourself quite pleased. - Pictures - excellent - as the resolution is quite high. Again, lighting is a factor - but once the settings are correct, you get wonderful pictures that look fine on both the PDA and your computer. - Media - for pictures you transfer - in any number of methods - via hotsync for one. Or take your SD card right out of your camera and put it into the Zire, and you can have your pictures right on your handheld. Skip the transfer from the camera to the computer and then to the handheld if you are pressed for time. You won't be disappointed. Also, with Media, you can make any number of albums - including separate albums for pictures and/or videos. With larger SD cards being extremely affordable these days, there's just no end... - Use a third-party viewer to watch encoded movies if you like. Crisp and clean. - Listen to music for hours on end and you'll just dent the battery power maybe by half. - Read ebooks. - Use many third party programs, including a Launcher manager, and run applications from the SD card, thus stretching the limited 32 mb capacity. - Play games - if there's any time for those, lol. - PIM synchronization - even with multiple PDAs, using the supplied software, or existing software on your computer. - With a Bluetooth enabled phone or device - surf the web, send messages - either email or SMS. - Use Voice Recorder to record brief notes, or even extended notes (send extended voice notes to your SD Card). - Use your Zire as a Remote Control for your home electronic devices.  I will stop here, for lack of space. But for something you can get for roughly $200, you will be getting a heck of a device!  Robin Taylor     