 Undercover DEA agent Fallon Hargis has experienced a close call. At a meeting with a dangerous dealer named Cavanaugh, Fallon was shot by two thugs, and now she's vying for her life. Though she's hiding, she quickly realizes the thugs have a passkey to all the rooms at the hotel. Fallon grabs a man entering his room - at gunpoint. She tells him to strip, and to get into bed. She figures when the thugs enter the room, what they'll see is a dark-haired woman making vigorous love. As she wore a blonde wig the entire time she was on this case, she is certain she won't be recognized. Her ruse works. However, the pretend love she's making with the handsome stranger quickly turns into a powerful moment of passion.   Now safe, but not knowing who to trust, Fallon has to figure out where to go, and how to find the mole that is certain to be the one that got her shot. Fallon has information that she knows Cavanaugh will go to any extreme to retrieve, even killing her. The guy Fallon accosted, Wade Tanner, feels much more than intense passion for the woman. She identifies herself as DEA, and tells Wade that she doesn't know who at the agency has blown her cover. Wade's protective instinct takes over, and the suddenly, Fallon is headed to his small town of Two Creeks.   Wade is a small-town sheriff, and can do no less than help the bold, beautiful Fallon. Attracted to her beyond belief, while impressed with her brutal honesty, he'll do what he can to help her find Cavanaugh, while trying to keep her alive. First order of business is to get to his hometown, and get her gunshot treated.   Wade's got his work cut out for him. For one thing, he's determined to break through her tough exterior. Fallon is a fiercely independent woman whose emotions run deep. Kudos to Ms. Kelley with writing Fallon's character. I felt her pain, and I also felt whenever she shut down around Wade. When you pick up Southern Comfort, no doubt you will feel the same.   As mentioned, Fallon's character was written with such tremendous flair, but that is only part of what makes Southern Comfort such a fantastic book. The action is never ending. In the meantime, it is quite humorous to enjoy Fallon's introduction to small-time life, and her reactions to some of Wade's friends and family.   Delightfully, Fallon's one rule of never sleeping with the same man twice, is broken before she can blink, because the attraction she and Wade share is utterly combustible. All the while, with the intrigue continuing, Fallon's past shading her present, and is determined to harm her future, is something that Wade picks up on. This indeed makes Wade a wonderful hero. He sees right through her tough exterior, and does his best to teach this woman about trust.   When you watch Fallon grow, all while Wade's tender nature wins out, it is quite touching. There's also a minor player in Southern Comfort who makes an incredible impact on Fallon. I thank Ms. Kelley for including her, along with the other members of the cast of characters, in order to flesh out Fallon's personality, which allows her to grow. Karen Kelley has written a wonderful love story! Every element - the story, the characters and the stunning conclusion - blends together just perfectly.  (For In the Library Reviews, September 2004)     