 THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST SIDE by MaryJanice Davidson   Jeannie Desjardin has a tough job as an editor. Her boss, Bob Anderson, frowns when she tells him she's swamped, underpaid, and under-laid. Her boss describes Jeannie as near genius, poor social skills, and an uncontrollable temper. Despite her adamancy over her too-full workload, her boss assigns her a new author, a woman Jeannie is sure she'll despise. Now she's assigned another author who has missed her latest deadline. But Jeannie is in for the surprise of her life. Hope Desiree is a pseudonym for the yummy Steven McCord. Oh, how Steven just loves his loud-mouthed new editor. Yeah, she's an intense bitch, but she'll be his, and he'll have her no other way.   Reader beware: I was riding in a cab while reading this novella and had to put the book away, as I was laughing out loud more than once! Yes, MaryJanice Davidson writes with such a hilarious flair that I couldn't wait to get to my destination to pick this book up again and finish it!   INSTRUCTION IN SEDUCTION by Jamie Denton   Eden Matthews has been dumped by her latest boyfriend, who claims she is lousy in bed. She needs to practice on learning how to please a man, and who better than her partner Jackson Hunt, who's been fantasizing about her for the better part of a year. However, they are partners at the Sheriff Department, and if they change the dynamics of their relationship, they won't be able to continue working together.   This may have started as no-strings attached, but this emotionally-riveting story reveals so much more. Understanding Eden's reticence does not come easy for Jackson Hunt, but his loyalty and devotion run deep. This is one powerful novella by Jamie Denton that you won't want to miss. The sensual seduction-by way of instruction-is rich and deep on a level of sensuality that it almost comes through the pages. Women, you don't want to miss Jackson's seven levels of ultimate pleasure and the resulting emotional impact it carries.   WICKED WAYS by Susanna Carr   Peyton Lovejoy knows she's in deep. For over a week, she's been calling the library she's affiliated with New Answer Hotline. After speaking with the hotline operator several times, his voice is affecting her deeply. However, their first meeting face-to-face, with a simple handshake, nearly causes her to explode into a ball of flames. Peyton is the president of Our Friends of the Library group, while Mike Ryder is posing undercover investigating possible embezzlement. Unbeknownst to Peyton, she is Mike's primary suspect. This ought to get interesting real quick, because Mike is just as aware of Peyton as she is him.   In the meantime, Peyton is suffering from her nerd status and is quite embarrassed by some of the intense questions she asked Mike. But he doesn't know it was her-yet. Can she boost herself a bit, become a wicked woman so that Mike won't connect her to the woman asking explicit questions, thereby guessing her naivet? How will Peyton turn herself into a scandalous woman overnight? Read Carr's delightful addition to this anthology and you'll be certain to find out.   HOW TO BE A WICKED WOMAN is another fantastic anthology by Kensington Brava. The Brava editors sure know how to put the right authors together in order to create successful anthologies. In this one here, you have a truly wicked woman, who is not about to change her ways, a woman who's tough, but not so wicked, and a woman who'd love to project a wicked image. This tantalizing package was released in August, but be sure to pick it up if you haven't already, as it is too good to pass up.   (For Sizzling Romances, September, 2004)     