 Tripp Shaughnessey is more than a bit bored at the moment. One of his fellow operatives, Christian Bane, has taken a tough crime syndicate, Spectra IT, down a peg or two. Unfortunately, there are a lot more bad guys at Spectra, and Tripp is waiting for the Spectra agent he's been assigned to make his move. For reasons unknown to Tripp and his team, the dirty agent has made Brighton's Spud and Suds Sandwich Shop the basis of his operation - a place recently Tripp's favorite - or more importantly, the shop owner, Glory Brighton.   Glory doesn't know it yet, but Tripp's made his claim - or will soon enough. They've been flirting like teenagers, but Tripp is ready for far more. Boredom, plus the need for more quality time with Glory, has Tripp more than a bit edgy.   Things are about to get hot and heavy - but not as Tripp would like. Glory has no idea that her shop is a target, and that her life is soon to be in imminent danger.   Glory's prior relationships have left her with a lot of emotional baggage. That, along with Tripp's horrific past before he was rescued and recruited by Hank Smithson, makes for a delicate relationship. Factor in the present danger, and things don't look too good at all - except when Glory stares into the beautiful eyes of Tripp Shaughnessey. He may be a boring engineer - or so she thinks - but the sizzle of attraction she feels around him is nearly enough to spark a flame.   Just as Tripp and Glory really begin to get to know each other, her business is invaded by six masked men. Tripp must act quickly, as he could never live with himself if something happened to Glory. Meanwhile, Glory is in for a major surprise. Tripp now resembles a stark combination of MacGyver and Rambo more than any engineer she's ever met. Who is Tripp really? Where does the raw power that flows so easily from him emanate from? Is Tripp another bad guy? Glory's parents have not forgiven her for two of her previous relationships with dangerous men. Oh no, Tripp just cannot be another man that will ruin any chances of a happy future for her.   The police have been notified, and a standoff ensues. Yet, their relationship intensifies while they are in grave danger. The powerful emotions Ms. Kent writes in this story are just as alluring as the danger itself. This story is rather brief - only about 150 pages - but it packs a powerful wallop. Tripp makes sure of two things in this engrossing story: Glory's safety and revealing the powerful emotions he has for her that he can no longer hide. There is also amazingly intense passion that Tripp and Glory share. All these elements blend together to make Episode Two - THE SHAUGHNESSEY ACCORD a truly terrific read that you will most certainly want to devour in one sitting.   I've got Episodes Three and Four - and am more than anxious to read them as soon as possible. Alison Kent wields her pen wonderfully - no matter what she writes, and this series proves her stellar talent yet again.   (For Sizzling Romances, October 2004)     