 Viola Ross is living in Arizona territory at a time in history where women who are unmarried have a very difficult time of it all. Viola is a widow, being pursued by the town's most uncouth, and possibly most influential member, a Mr. Lennox. In the meantime, Viola's business partner has sold their laundry business right from underneath her, and left town with her new husband. Viola has few means of survival left to her - marry Mr. Lennox, go to the Apaches to be a bride of theirs, or approach the man who has a terrific reputation at one of her customers' businesses - a house of prostitution.  William Donovan is a successful businessman, despite the pressure of the one man who'd claim the town where his business - Donovan Sons - is thriving - Mr. Lennox, the same man who's been harassing Viola Ross to marry him. William is an Irishman who's made an unusually successful life for himself. Part of his success comes by the way he treats all of his employees - their loyalty and respect is of the highest order. Though William has his favorites at the local house of ill repute, even pleasuring two women 'til all hours of the night, he constantly fantasizes about Mrs. Viola Ross. Imagine his surprise - and delight - when she approaches him for protection against Mr. Lennox. They work out a deal, where she is to pleasure him, for a period of three months, and she will earn a fee to get out of her dead husband's debt, and be able to start her life over again.  After only one night, William realizes the little woman is a hidden sensualist, and that three months might not nearly be enough time to teach her every pleasure, while receiving incredible pleasure in return. What proceeds is a titillating experience for the both of them. Though a widow, Viola is very much an innocent. On the contrary, William has been trained in the art of sensual pleasure, yet his experiences and time with Viola nearly make him lose control.   The Irish Devil is a warm, exciting, passionate story of two people who meld together like none other, who find delight in even the smallest ways, but most certainly, in the most carnal ways. Viola's shy nature takes a sharp turn the more time she's with William. However, her persistent suitor has not given up, which gives cause for concern for her safety, as well as their future. Ms. Whiteside has done a marvelous job of writing such a sensual story, with careful consideration of protection against disease and pregnancy, at a time in history where women's rights were few, and their happiness and pleasure was of least concern. What an enjoyable read to see William's gentle and generous nature when it comes to his dealing with Viola.  (For In the Library Reviews, September 2004)     