 Amanda Zachary has experienced the ultimate betrayal-her husband cheating on her with another woman and a man-and she walked in on the busy threesome! So, Amanda's starting over. The first feeling she claims is a relief that she no longer has to suffer the emotional abuse of her husband-all critical comments and sexual rejection. It is time to take her life into her own hands and to start enjoying it.   Amanda has a good job. She is on the inside fast track at Extant Corporation. Investing her time, energy, and emotion in her career made more sense than giving those precious resources to her jerk of a husband, or any other man for that matter. She's about to face a serious, hardcore businessman, Simon Brant, as her newest assignment is to try to get her company to merge with Brant Computers. From the outset, Simon is against the merger. Furthermore, Simon is an eccentric genius, and Amanda finds it difficult to hold his attention long enough to get her presentation through to him.   Simon has a goal. The entire computer industry is racing to see who can develop a usable prototype of a fiber-optic processor, and he is determined to be the first. Worrying about a merger that could cost people their jobs is at the bottom of his scale of interest.   Amanda mentally went over the game plan for her upcoming meeting with the president of Brant Computers as the elevator made its ascent. She could barely believe her luck. When she had put the proposal for a friendly merger before the Executive Management Team at Extant Corporation, she hadn't been sure they'd go for it. Having been chosen over several colleagues to make the initial approach to Eric Brant could mean a huge promotion for her. He had been receptive, and the Executive Management Team had appointed her point man for negotiations.   What is Simon's initial problem with the merger? Aside from the fact he doesn't want anyone losing their jobs, he reminds his cousin Eric that Brant is a family held company. If they merged, everything done for decades with Brant would be for nothing. Amanda's first meeting with Simon is a disaster. So she shows up at his house. That doesn't work. Simon's irascible house man, Jacob, makes the joke that, since Simon practically lives in his laboratory, Amanda should move in-then she could possibly catch Simon long enough to actually complete her presentation. After several failed attempts to reach Simon, Amanda takes Jacob up on his offer. She is actually that desperate. Her job is at stake now.   In the meantime, business aside, when Amanda does see Simon, all she can say is, "Oh my!" He is a force of nature, with dark, exotic looks, mixed with hot desire. He raises her sensual receptors like no other man before. And, despite his crankiness and his extremely busy schedule, he's just as affected as Amanda. He sees her as hot, beautiful, built to stop a man's heart. And, oh, her voice!   Now these two are sharing close quarters, and it is only a matter of time before they combust. When they do come together, it is worth every second of time they can share together. Amanda had thought herself unattractive, but Simon makes her feel like a goddess. Simon has had failed relationships because of his sheer intensity, in life, and in build. He can't believe Amanda can take him-in more ways than one-and actually enjoys being around him. So, what is the real deal taking place anyway?   While the deal is still on the table, something is going on behind the scenes. It's hopeful that Amanda and Simon have built enough trust in one another, as what happens next is truly shocking. This particular shock is just one of many in Lucy Monroe's utterly compelling book! I was drawn in by all the characters-Amanda, with her tough nature, despite her hurtful past; Simon, with his intensity and charm; Jacob, with his wit and role-playing; and, also, Simon's cousin, Eric, and his wife, Elaine. This fine cast of characters, a wonderful plot that goes deeper than the actual merger, and the coming together of two people completely ideal for each other all play together to make THE REAL DEAL a fantastic book, one headed for my keeper shelf.   (For Sizzling Romances, October 2004)     