 Dr. Houston Hayes reduces Josie Adkins to a simpering, clumsy puddle. She's on a surgical rotation, and Houston cannot take Josie serious, as she seems completely inept. This doesn't match her high IQ, and her amazing grades. Yet Josie wants to be a surgeon, knows she can be a good surgeon, so she falls under his tutelage. Now, only if she can stop dropping things...   What is it about new resident Josie Adkins that makes Houston's blood boil - and his body rise to the occasion? What will the little minx think when she realizes all he can think of is getting her into bed? But no matter how attracted he is to her, he has two rules that he has no intention of breaking - no long-term relationships, and no fooling around with any hospital employee.   While Houston finds Josie inept, she knows the real problem. It is her attraction to him that is so powerful; it leaves her shaking. Besides, she's always been called the two p's - perky and plump - what would sexy Dr. Hayes want with her?   It doesn't take long for Houston to realize that the brainy Josie's heart is not in surgery. And, Houston is only a man, a man with a problem. He knows he has to have at least one taste of the sexy Josie. Even while waiting for their first assignation, Josie can't help but wonder with the intensely handsome Houston could possibly want from a woman like her. He is so sexy, so charming, he could have any woman he wants.   Erin McCarthy has written another winner. Her characters play off of each other in a smart, quick way, as in all of her books. Even when two people fight an incredible chemistry, no matter how intelligent they are, they seem to believe that fighting it off will work. But will it? Or how long before they realize that their paths came together for a reason?   Denial is not only a river in Egypt. Josie realizes that when Houston, an avid surfer, is a victim of a vicious shark attack. She needs to be around Houston, and he realizes he needs Josie to be around him. It is now that both of their futures in surgery are about to take a rapid turn. This allows more time for them to develop the sensual, passionate relationship that has indeed won over. Btw, has Houston given up surfing? You'll have to read HOUSTON, WE HAVE A PROBLEM to find out how Houston got back on his surfboard. What a titillating way to overcome his fear, thanks to Josie's presence at the right time. Also, the question about Josie's choice of career comes up more than once, showing Houston's intuitive nature.   Ms. McCarthy is an amazing writer. No doubt about that. When it comes to choosing a Reviewers' Choice for Sizzling Romances, we look at certain characteristics a book contains that may appeal to the reader. Evidence shows that your readers love your work, and when you create characters such as Josie and Houston, as well as some warm supporting characters, you make certain to bring your story right to the reader, making it a real drama, one thoroughly enjoyable, accentuated by your trade-mark humor.   (For Sizzling Romancese, September 2004)     