 Clint Evans is a mercenary hired by a man named Robert Burns whose fiance, Julie Rose, is missing. Apparently, Robert suspects foul play, but play is the key word here, as Robert appears to be fabricating part of his story. He makes comments that he insists either she's been snatched or has run off on her own. He mentions the name of Asa Ragon, suggesting he believes Asa kidnapped Julie. Who is Asa, does he have Julie, and what is Robert's real involvement in this?   Something is pulling at Clint. Though he truly believes Julie Rose is in desperate trouble, he doesn't believe a word of Burns' story. With his partners and best friends, Mojo and Red, he sets out to rescue Julie. What he sees, when they find her, sets him off. They've hurt her, and he can't bear to see a woman suffering. He quickly takes care of the four men who have Julie, hurting them, but not killing them. He takes Julie to safety, but when he contacts Robert, it is after Julie tells him she does not have a fianc. Yet, he contacts Robert, and Robert oddly enough asks him to "keep" Julie for at least a week, as he's still trying to figure out who took Julie to begin with, as it apparently wasn't Asa Ragon. Clint still smells something funny, but he honors Robert's request, not because Robert asks, but because of two reasons: his gut feeling that something is way off and the surprisingly sizzling emotional connection he feels with her. His feelings toward Julie are of a protective nature, but that is only part of it. There is also a strong sexual draw, but he doesn't want to scare Julie away.   Mojo and Red take off, leaving Clint to protect Julie. Though Clint intends on using this time to find out the truth behind her abduction, why Robert is lying, and other things that don't add up, he knows that he can't resist her much longer.   Julie had never been so afraid in her life. But she's never felt so safe in her life since Clint rescued her. She's more than glad she's got at least a week with him. He appeals to her on a level like no other. She knows it goes beyond the fact that he rescued her, but that still doesn't explain why she feels so safe, and trusts him so much.   Nature is a powerful force-especially when you have two people who have a chemistry that is about to explode. Once Clint and Julie enjoy each other, they both realize, yet hide their feelings, that this is deep, very deep, and a week might not be long enough-forever might not be long enough.   Passion, desire, intrigue, deceit, and danger are all integral parts of JUST A HINT, CLINT. We also discover that Julie has a connection to Visitation, North Carolina, and to some of the characters Lori Foster fans have come to know and love: Joe and Luna Winston, Bruce, Bryan, Cyn, Shay, Jamie Creed, and others. Just before her kidnapping, Julie abandoned her trust fund and got a teaching assignment in a place that feels like home, and she can't wait to get back to Visitation. What a nice surprise for me, the reader!   Ever vigilant, Clint is putting the pieces of this puzzle together, but then there is a surprising, jaw-dropping twist! I thought I was right there with Clint on solving the crime, but leave it to Ms. Foster to create an amazing twist, and an even more amazing conclusion to a superb story! If the pages hadn't been flying through my hands to begin with, the conclusion was so captivating, wild horses couldn't drag me away.   JUST A HINT, CLINT is a wonderfully engaging read-one that readers of Lori Foster books will not want to miss. A hint, btw, about Jamie Creed. We learn more about him in this book, so pay special attention to the conclusion of this story. As always, Ms. Foster has written another winner, and she keeps getting better and better.   (For Sizzling Romances, October 2004)     