 Realizing that there could be many practitioners in the digital fine arts community who likely will strongly object to the title of this book (..."cookbook, recipes," etc.), and noting that the biggest chunk of the book is taken up with the forty-eight picture-making prescriptions without any real insights into why they were selected ..., it does have some things to strongly recommend it. First, it deals comprehensively with one of the least well documented of the creative feature sets within Photoshop: the blending modes. Second, the author manages to encompass a lot of creative options without really using genuine montage (that is, he blends together different versions of the same starting image, without introducing totally different image subjects as separate Photoshop image layers). Third, the author deliberately restricts the use of other tools within the context of the book - for example, only 'Gaussian Blur' and 'Find Edges' are utilized with any regularity from the Photoshop Filters menu. And fourth, he has come up with a neat way of documenting the settings used in the blending undertaken, which simplifies reproducing the procedures.  The recipes (yuk!) turn out to be as easy as, well, making different flavors of fudge (yummy!) ...  Despite all these pluses, the book suffers from numerous editing and layout problems.  There are typographical mistakes, there are missing page numbers (!), and the format is quite confusing (and is only "saved" in some instances by the fact that there are lots of fairly large example images, so that it's possible to see what was done, without needing to follow the text).   Finally, potential purchasers should know that one of the author's favourite blend modes is 'Hard Mix', which was initially introduced in Photoshop CS, but remains a sort of oddball in the full list of blending modes. (Personally, I've found no good reason to upgrade beyond Photoshop version 7, and would note that there are independent means of simulating, and even exceeding, what 'Hard Mix' is shown to provide in the book.)   Overall, it seems to me that the attributes of the book outweigh its negative points - and that it might be useful to consider as a way of expanding creative image-building options for those with interests in web-based graphics as well as advanced photography and fine art.     