 This is certainly no mega-manual; being barely more than a centimeter thick cover-to-cover. Additionally, only the first six chapters, of nine in total, actually deal with artwork created through Photoshop exclusively. Nevertheless, Ms. Steuer has put together a thoughtful collection of examples and guidances for anyone striving to do more than adjust, correct and print images shot with a digital camera. No more than mid-level experience with Photoshop is required to take up any of the suggestions regarding collage, coloring, composition or re-rendering covered in the book. Many of the individual steps required are spelt out keystroke by keystroke. Some others - specifically in the blending of individual image layers - are just left to the reader for experimentation. The most complex topics covered involve multiple layering, but clear screenshot information is provided in the book to allow the reader to easily duplicate or vary these setups.  To get the very best out the book however, the reader will have to be willing to draw and paint within Photoshop itself (I realize that this may be a significant barrier to the truly photographically inclined amongst us!). The author also places a good amount of emphasis on how to input images at the start of the artistic thread and many of the examples are taken from scans of very preliminary and outline pencil and/or charcoal on paper drawings of her own. Each of the individual chapters of the book concludes with a "More Exploration Suggestions" segment.  Some of the individual suggestions may be a little too general, such as: "digitize a work from any other medium and try to figure out how you want to change it using Photoshop painting and/or compositing tools".  But they do confirm (anyway) the overall intent here; to provide encouragement rather than to nail-down specific techniques. All-in-all, I found the book to be easy to read and to be nicely thought provoking. If you've made a financial and learning curve investment in Photoshop or similar software, and particularly if you own an underused drawing tablet, then I would recommend it.     