 Eusebius' "History of the Church" is rightly known as "THE History of the Church."  There is no other of the same breadth and depth as Eusebius'.  This volume is an excellent synthesis of the works of  all significant early Christian and secular historians and eyewitness  accounts of the events forming the early Church.  Eusebius's narrative is  linear, tracking the growth of the Church from Pentecost, A.D. 32 through  stages of vicious persecution until the Emperor Constantine's sanctioning  of Christianity as The Roman Empire's official religion.  Eusebius' prose  is terse yet wonderfully erudite with an obvious bias towards the early  Church--baptized in blood so that the Church today might flourish.   Eusebius tells us how the Church and the Canon of Scripture came to be.   Every major Church figure, controversy, and event of significance is  recorded in accurate detail.  Every heresy that threatened the Church's  existence is reported thoroughly, yet concisely.  Eusebius was not an  eyewitness to many of the events himself and therefore draws upon all  available secondary sources during his time, including Josephus; Philo;  Clement; and documents that later formed the Canon of Scripture.  This  synthesis of the ancient sources in itself is extremely valuable--Eusebius  makes sense of all of Josephus' and Philo's voluminous works and puts it  all together clearly for his readers.   Eusebius writes about people, and  there are many in this account.  From the 12 Disciples and Paul to the  Church bishops to all those branded as heretics.  Eusebius pays special  attention to the martyrs:  e.g., James, killed by Herod; Polycarp, whose  death Eusebius presents a riveting account of.  Eusebius also writes of  those who abandoned the faith at swordpoint so that later Christians may  take heed.   The text is 332 small paperback pages long, with ~9 point  font but spaced 1 1/2 for comfortable reading.  There are sections within  each chapter (as there are in Augustine's "City of God") that  help in digesting the wealth of information.  The appendices contain short  summaries of all major figures from A.D. 32 to Constantine, Christian and  secular, and a timeline of the reigns of the Roman emperors concurrent with  the terms of the Church bishops.   G.A. Williamson's footnotes are not as  thorough or accurate as Kirsopp Lake's in the Loeb Series (Harvard  University Press).  But the Loeb Series sells for almost quadruple the  price of the Penguin volume.   This is the best volume of Church history  there is.     