 From A.D. 200 to A.D. 2000, everything has changed about the Church, yet nothing really has.  This book is a window into the life of the Christian in the era of the early Church Fathers and reveals the controversial issues, trials and temptations of the day.  There is no better scribe of  these issues than Tertullian, a lawyer by profession and Christian by  faith.   Tertullian does not teach; he rants, raves, foams at the mouth  and pleads.  In the case of People v. Christianity, Christianity is the  defendant, Tertullian defense counsel and 21st century Christians the jury.   Everything he writes provokes some extreme emotion from shock and anger to  laughter.  Thus, this collection of his writings from 195 to 210 A.D. can  also serve as a window into Tertullian rhetoric as well as his convictions.   It is hard not hear Tertullian thundering at us, the jury, and hear our  gasps, snickers and even hisses as he purposely stomps on our toes . . .  albeit for a good reason.  While Tertullian's manner is alternatingly  caustic and entertaining, the subject matter is extremely apropos to the  21st century.  3rd century Christians apparently struggled with the same  issues or their mutations modern believers do.  What makes countering  Tertullian from the jury box interesting is that he argues almost strictly  from the Bible--of which his knowledge is seemingly boundless, rendering  him a formidable advocate. Tertullian attacks the erotic and violent  entertainment (theater, athletics, gladiator fights) of the Romans, which  did not offend the sensibilities of some Christians.  He does not, however,  stop there.  Tertullian even goes after lifting weights and playing sports  to win.  No joke!  Other objects of Tertullian's wrath include shaving,  actors and celebrity groupies.   Modern readers will surely find  Tertullian's choice words about women using cosmetics, dyeing their hair  blond, wearing jewelry and "immodest" clothing intriguing, to say  the least.  Not even plucking out eyebrows escapes Tertullian's scrutiny.    Tertullian's less polemical works are discussions of the Lord's Prayer;  prayer customs (including an argument that raising the hands during praying  and singing is immodest); baptism; and veiling.  These writings are  valuable also for their detailed treatment of how these customs originated.    This volume contains ample footnotes.  The editor took the liberty of  omitting several passages from the text and putting the excised prose in  small font in the Appendix.   This is a good, quick read in large font  helped because Tertullian uses his words sparingly in making unsparing  judgments.  His arguments are extremely thought-provoking whether the  reader agrees or disagrees with them.  Controversial or not, Tertullian was  a passionate and eloquent apologist.  In a time when Christianity was under  siege, Tertullian stood as a bulwark against persecution from without and  apostasy from within. He challenged Christians in the 3rd century A.D. and  will do the same for Christians today.     