 William Mounce's "Basics of Biblical Greek" grammar is probably the best Greek textbook available.  The value of the textbook, outstanding as it is by itself, is enhanced by the quality of the workbook.  Almost  every chapter in the textbook has corresponding exercises in the  workbook. There's a lot of homework assigned in the workbook for each  chapter in the textbook!  But it's all worth it.  The first part for almost  every exercise in the workbook is parsing: declining nouns; parsing verbs.   The second is translating selected Greek passages of the Bible into  English.  After every five chapters or so, there is a review exercise in  the workbook testing the material in the chapters just learned.   There  is no need to buy an answer key because all the answers to the parsing  drills are found in the grammar itself--either in the glossary in the back  or in the text of the substantive chapters.  For the answers to the  translations, any interlinear Greek-English Bible will do or even just an  English Bible.   One of the best things about the translation exercises  is that they gradually teach you how to do exegesis as you progress through  the text.  (The second year course--William Mounce's "Graded Reader of  Biblical Greek" and Daniel Wallace's "Greek Grammar Beyond the  Basics"--concentrates on exegesis almost exclusively).  The copious  footnotes give all kinds of interesting theological and etymological  tidbits that make translation really fun.  This is additional to the sheer  joy of being able to translate the Word of God yourself and seeing it in  "color" through the Greek text instead of in "black and  white" in an English translation.   Both the grammar and workbook  are very user-friendly.  It is almost as if Prof. Mounce is sitting next to  you encouraging and, if necessary, cracking the whip over you.  The  workbook is a necessary complement to the grammar.  I almost did not buy  the workbook but am very glad that I did. William Mounce makes learning  Greek possible without even having to set foot in a seminary class.     