 This must be one of the finest recordings of "The Water Music," if not the best (with due respect to the renditions of Trevor Pinnock and Neville Marriner, among others).  It is an unofficial truism of classical  music that the best recordings of a piece are made by conductors and  artists of the same nationality as the composer.  Handel was German by  birth, but principal Court Composer to King George I of England.  Thus,  English artists dominate most interpretations of "The Water  Music" and are enjoyable in their own right--performances touched with  the pagaentry, pomp and circumstance of His Majesty's Court holding royal  water parties on the River Thames.   Schwarz's rendition, however,  captures not only the best of the courtly ambience on the Thames but  Handel's passion as well.  Schwarz and the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra  not only inspire and refresh but set you on the edge of your chair with  every passing movement.  It is hard not to press the "repeat"  button on the compact player after the piece is finished.  King George I  himself commanded that the orchestra repeat "The Water Music"  three times that night in July, 1717, along the Thames.   The tempos are  varied, lively and brisk but are never rushed as in many other recordings.   The predominance of strings and woodwinds give the piece a light and airy  tenor.  Most impressive is Schwarz's "terracing" of both  expression and orchestration.  In the Bourree ending Suite II in D, for  example, Schwarz uses only the strings the first time, adds the woodwinds  the second time, and then commits the full orchestra the third time.   Moreover, the gradual expression of piano to mezzo forte to forte in the  Bourree is typical of Schwarz's interpretation.  Schwarz is faithful to all  of Handel's instructions to repeat certain movements.  As a result, the  amount of music on this CD is greater than most other recordings of  "The Water Music."  The digital sound is bright, clear and  forward with no edge.   The Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra delivers a  virtuoso performance.  The tonguing and trills of the brass is brilliant.   This tantalizing ornamentation debuts in the Minuet of Suite I and  crescendoes to its peak in the Allegro and Alla Hornpipe of Suite II.  As  with the expression and orchestration, the ornamentation also terraces with  each passing refrain.  This improvisation is true to Handel's intent for  the piece, to the style of Baroque music and would make the composer beam.    There are many other outstanding features of this performance that a  review could not do justice to.  Perhaps the most apt characterization of  this recording is that the listener feels Handel's passion pumping in his  blood.  Handel was the one who shut himself in his room for well-nigh a  month with scant food and water and even less sleep as he churned out the  greatest oratorio ever to grace the heavens in "The Messiah."   Handel was also not above engaging in a duel now and then to avenge  perceived insults.  Schwarz's rendition of Handel's "The Water  Music" does justice not only to the piece, but to the man behind the  music.     