 The first time I listened to Mozart's Requiem was on the radio ten years ago.  My interest in the Requiem was piqued after watching the movie Amadeus (1984).  That radio recording was the best version of the Requiem I  have heard since and I found out that it was Peter Schreier's.  It was  hauntingly beautiful--the kind that slips you into a reverie where the  contemplation of death becomes at once disturbing, mysterious, yet  strangely soothing and awesome.  It made me wonder how any mortal could  take such thoughts and put them to such sublime music.   Only Mozart  could compose such a work and Peter Schreier's interpretation is just  right.  I have made a special point of listening to as many versions of the  Requiem since and none come close to Schreier's--not even Karajan's or  Gardiner's.   John Eliot Gardiner's version would be my second choice,  but I think period instruments and razor-sharp digital edge are unsuited  for Mozart's Requiem.  The musical subject matter is death, and Schreier's  version gives proper treatment to it.  Voices and orchestra are like a  rolling wave: violent when it crashes; soothing when it recedes.  It comes  at you all at once in a great mass and slips slowly away. The recording  is digital, yet the balance of the orchestra is at once forward and blended  superbly with the voices.  There are frequent and dramatic changes of  expression from delicate pianissimo (pp) to thundering fortissimo (ff).  No  section of the woodwinds, brass, or strings jut out conspicuously;  lower-pitched instruments dominate throughout, as is appropriate for a  requiem mass.  It is like almost hearing the deep calm of rushing waters  and underscores, I think, that imminent specter of death Mozart was  contemplating. In fact, Mozart died before he could finish the Requiem.   (Mozart left instructions for the work's completion to one of his students,  who then finished and published it after Mozart's death) The sections  which illustrate the masterful balance achieved by Schreier and the Leipzig  Radio Orchestra with the Dresden State Chorus are the Lacrimosa and the  Confutatis.  In the Confutatis, especially, when the movement changes pace  with the tantalizing soprano and alto unison sequence after the vigorous  frenzy by the bases and tenors--this section is particularly exquisite.   The vocalists, however, make this work truly sublime.  Kudos to soprano  Margaret Price.  Her voice ascends into the heights without losing its  richness or lustre.  The best showcase for Price's ability, I think, is  early in the first section (Introduction) where she has a short but lovely  entrance.  Theo Adam has a powerful Tuba Mirum and the Recordare features  all four soloists at their best. Mozart conceived of every possible  emotion to death and then put it to glorious music.  If death is a  terrifying nightmare, then the wickedly bone-rattling Dies Irae and Rex  Tremendae are unforgettable.  If death is bereavement and grief, then the  mournful Lacrimosa fits the bill.  If death is to be endured with gritted  teeth, the intensely austere Kyrie Eleison and roller-coaster Domine Jesu  will certainly help.  If death is peaceful tranquillity, then Recordare or  Hostias bring sweetness.  Finally, if death is to be seen as final victory,  then Sanctus.  I feel that this is the best recording of Mozart Requiem  available.  I am disappointed that other recordings of the work have  surpassed this one in popularity.  If you have not heard this recording or  are looking for just one version of Mozart's Requiem, then this one is it.   Please do not let the relative obscurity of the conductor (Peter Schreier),  the orchestra (Dresden State Orchestra) or the chorale (Leipzig Radio  Chorus)take away from what an exceptional performance.  Enjoy!     