 Dr. Werner Keller ended his Introduction to the 2nd revised edition of his landmark "The Bible as History" by concluding, "The Bible is right after all!"  What "The Bible as History" did for the  historicity of the Bible, this book does for the Bible's narrative of  military history.  It is outstanding in every way and the only work which  puts it all together so accessibly and logically. The authors draw on all  available sources and the work is therefore copiously footnoted and  illustrated.  It is a "must have" for any person interested in  Biblical history.  The other customers reviews posted below describe the  book in deserving detail. Until this book, the value of the Bible as a  handbook of military tactics has not been remotely plumbed in appropriate  depth. It is a great loss both to any soldier and to the general public  because the Old Testament's accounts of battles contain a treasure trove of  military strategies.  In several places in the Bible, God explicitly tells  the Israelites how to negotiate the terrain He created to defeat an enemy.   When the Israelites follow God's instructions, they always win.  This is  remarkable given the Israelites' lack of heavy weapons, armor and equipment  in the face of enemies with superior numbers and armament.  This book  explains the great geographical significance of the terrain, roads and  cities of Palestine that are so vital to the land but mean so little to us.   Place names of little towns is Israel that we skim over in the narrative  from Joshua to II Chronicles suddenly become real and alive.   A little  known fact:  In 1917, during the First World War, the British Army in  Palestine under General Allenby found themselves arrayed against the Turks  in an obscure little place called Micmash in the Judean highlands.  The  name "Micmash" sounded vaguely familiar to a major in the British  Army.  By candlelight that night, he searched through the Bible he brought  with him until he found the reference in I Samuel 14.  It turned out that  the Israelites had found themselves similarly disposed against the  Philistines at the same location at Micmash almost three thousand years  earlier.  By copying the successful tactics of Jonathan and his  armor-bearer, the British achieved the same results against the Turks the  next morning.   There would be more stories like this one if the Biblical  narratives were taken to heart today.  Chariots, siegecraft, wadis,  ambushes, night marches, trumpets blasts which crumble ancient walls, the  day when the sun stood still, Assyrian brutality . . . at its worst, this  book is an entertaining read.  At its best, it deserves a place alongside  Werner Keller's "The Bible as History" echoing the same  thesis--"The Bible is right after all!"     