 . . . Dr. Keller ended the Introduction to this volume with these words and appropriately so.  The Bible stands as the greatest work of literature and history this world has ever seen or will see.  It is the all-time  bestselling book.  There is more tangible physical evidence for the Bible  than for any other work of literature.  Those who contend otherwise simply  have not studied the Bible, relying on hearsay and speculation instead; or  refuse to believe its truth; or ignore the crushing weight of  historiographical and archaeological evidence the 20th century has produced  in corroboration with the Biblical accounts.  Dr. Keller's work addresses  the last issue: fitting the pieces of peoples past with where and when the  Bible said they existed.   "The Bible as History" was the first  volume documenting the many archaeological finds in Palestine and the  Middle East supporting the Biblical text.  Prior to its first publication  in 1955, there were no such works--only stacks of assorted reports from  archaeologists from their digs.  Since 1955, the book has sold over 10  million copies in 24 languages.  In the meantime, Biblical archaeology has  evolved as a hard science, yielding fresh data by the day.   This work  traces all major discoveries relating to the Biblical text from Genesis 1:1  to the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls.  The chapters are arranged  chronologically to coincide with the Canon.  There are three sets of black  and white color plates and many illustrations and maps throughout the  volume. The book reads like a detective story.  Dr. Keller begins his  sleuthing from the Biblical text and works forward through history to  attach archaeological finds to the verses.  In doing so, he never gives the  answer away prematurely, but entices the reader along until he or she truly  realizes the impact of the magnificent discoveries.  At times, the data  contradict what the Bible says.  Dr. Keller lays all the facts bare even if  they seemingly controvert the Bible.   Every ancient race of people,  every historical figure, every geographic place of significance finds  mention in this book.  "The Bible as History" provides a thorough  survey of Biblical culture.  This is a marvelous work written lucidly for  the lay reader.  It will make the Old and New Testament worlds come alive  for the reader.  Its critics invariably suffer from a lack of objectivity,  a lack of interest in the subject, or are unable to face the hard truth  that "The Bible is right after all!"     