 If I ever had to teach a course in Biblical history, this would be the required text.  I would also assign Coogan's excellent "The Oxford Companion to the Bible" (B. Metzger & M. Coogan, eds.; Oxford UP:  1993) as supplemental reading.  While "The Oxford Companion" is a  one volume encyclopedia of general historical and theological Biblical  topics, the "Oxford History" affords the most detailed and  systematic (and illustrated) treatment of Biblical history and archaeology  of the two.  The two works complement each other very well. "The  Oxford History of the Biblical World" is a single volume work of  outstanding scholarship and clarity.  Thirteen chapters comprise the text  (the prologue and epilogue are just as informative as the substantive  chapters), each written by prominent experts in ancient Near-Eastern  history. There is a consistent unity throughout the chapters despite their  disparate authorships.  Each chapter is thoroughly steeped in the history,  geography, economics, culture and religion of the period.  Lavish attention  is given to the most current archaeological and etymological findings.   There are also copious references to and excerpts of the most important  secular texts of the period.   This solid foundation of scholarship gives  the work a first-class objectivity. Both traditional and modern conclusions  are explored in depth.  While certain facts may give rise to multiple  conclusions, the authors invariably make plain all available evidence for  the reader.   The volume is richly illustrated.  Most pictures are in  black and white, but with excellent resolution.  The 26 beautiful color  plates are in the middle of the book.  Among the illustrations are diagrams  and photos of current archaeological excavations, excellent maps of varying  themes and useful tables and charts.  Font size is 11 point and 1.5  spaced. The editors and contributors make Biblical history extremely  accessible to the lay reader.  This volume, however, does not have  footnotes.  It does have a select bibliography at the end of each chapter.   The text flow is smooth and easy to follow.   No Bible historian should  be without it!     