 This book should be mandatory reading for every American. You shouldn't be able to graduate high school without reading it. Hell, health insurance companies should send you a free copy when you enroll in a new plan!  A couple of years ago, I discovered that I suffered from severe allergies to dairy, eggs and wheat. I'd had eczema my entire life, but not one single doctor in 28 years ever mentioned it was probably caused by food allergies. (The nutrition-wise personal trainer I had at the time was the first health professional to ever suggest I investigate dairy as the source of my chronic inflammatory/autoimmune illnesses!)  Anyway, old habits die hard. My version of avoiding allergenic foods was to get the chicken nuggets at McD's instead of the quarter-pounder with cheese, which does remove the wheat, eggs and dairy, but then there's still a nice fat helping of oil and other nasty elements in those foods. I was limping along trying to change my diet. Try reading labels on processed foods in your average supermarket and see how hard it is find one without wheat or dairy. It's nigh well impossible. You'd be astonished how many places refined flour is hiding: vegetarian soups, oat-based cereals and every TV dinner ever made.  Then, one day, while at the local Borders, shopping for my dad for Christmas, I spotted Superfoods Rx. I guess I picked it up for two reasons: (1) I'd been hearing about "superfoods" in the media and figured I should try to understand them, and (2) the cover. That beautiful cover is so tantalizing and delicious I practically wanted to eat it! Many props to the food designer or the cover designer or the photographer or whoever put together that cornucopia of lovely food. Little did I know then, though, that picking up a book with pretty cover could improve my life so much!  After "digesting" Superfoods (hee), I've learned to love good food for the first time in my life. I have learned how to truly nourish myself--and genuinely gratify myself with food in a way that's simply impossible with Hostess Cupcakes and their ilk! My cooking skills are picking up quickly, and I never go out for expensive lunches at work anymore, because I've always got my homemade boxes of spinach salad with avocado and grapefruit, bean-lentil-onions-and-tomato soup, or a healthy serving of salmon sashimi from the local Japanese market.  My eczema has receded almost entirely. I no longer have bags under my eyes that make me look 15 years older. My skin looks frickin' fantastic, actually. I have fewer mood swings, and very few food cravings, because I just eat responsible, reasonable-sized portions all day long: a handful of apple slices here, a few rye crackers with almond butter there. (Most of the superfoods are also high in filling, satisfying fiber.)  I now keep a list of all the superfoods (from this book and the "sequel" Superfoods HealthStyle) on my fridge. And I buy as much fruit as I can carry home and/or afford from the nearby produce market that I now patronize weekly.  Superfoods is one of the best-written, smartest, most understandable, realistic and potentially transformative books written in the food and health category in a very long time. Get it today.   P.S. Once you've read Superfoods and HealthStyle, you might want to check out http://www.whfoods.com/, which is kind of like graduate-level superfoods studies.     