 Some of Will Self's books are not only far-out but also potentially disturbing.  In _Great Apes_, the flipped world where chimps have evolved linguistic capabilities and powers of abstract reasoning, and their close genetic relatives the wild humans have not, is certainly far-out.  However, it is so carefully constructed that by the time one has read a few chapters the oddity takes a back seat to the insights provided by the contrasting of human and chimp cultures.  The book might be upsetting to the prudish, but most of the potentially gross aspects of chimp culture are only gross because they are not of our culture - and in general there are no chimps as 'disturbed' as some of Self's previous human creations. As someone who is not an expert on chimpanzee behaviour, I cannot claim that the book is as realistic as possible.  That said, a lot of research must have gone into creating such a coherent picture of chimpunity, and also much thought about which details to flip and which to leave in place (for example, famous chimps replace famous humans of the same name, but chimp monogamy is akin to human promiscuity).  There are a few times that Self goes perhaps a little too far with the detail flips for this fairly scientific-minded reader, but the language he uses in the book reinforces the details in a very clever way.  I learned a tremendous amount about what a modern industrialized chimp society might be like, and therefore gained insights into some of the peculiarities of human culture.  It was also very fun.   Oh, one warning about the start: I found the first two chapters to be clumsy and when I got to the third chapter I thought, "Why didn't the author start right here? This is more like it."  In rapidly following retrospect I realized that the third chapter might not have made as much sense if the first two, and the introduction, hadn't set things up a little bit.  Speaking of this, Will Self's early collection of short stories called _The Quantity Theory of Insanity_ shares the field of psychology as a plot backdrop, and a couple of the lead shrinks are characters in both books.  This allows Self fans to sense the reversal of human and chimp worlds even more dramatically.  (I wouldn't necessarily recommend those stories as a good intro to the author, however.)     If you like absurdity, the occassional I've-got-a-large-vocabulary word and truly inventive stories then you should definitely check out Will Self.  As far as I can tell his name is  not a pseudonym, as much as it sounds like it might be - but let me know if you know otherwise.      