 I discovered this album late, so it's interesting to now read the various reviews from Amazon members.  The vast majority love it for being so unique, refreshing, uplifting, insightful, tragic, emotional and downright inspiring.  My rating of 5 stars confirms that I'm a member of that majority.  Although I certainly respect contrary opinions (the eye of the beholder), it's amazing to me that so many people have slagged this album simply because of the "obvious" influences with insinuations of mere copying and pasting.  Every musician from Bowie to Jeff Buckley to Radiohead to Lou Reed is quoted as an influence. Basically, just about every significant musical act of the last 30 years.  In response to that, I say....so what?  Name a musician working today who hasn't been influenced by the past?  In fact, I challenge you to name a musician who is considered to be an "innovator" of music (i.e. Chuck Berry, Rolling Stones, Beatles, etc.) who wasn't in some way influenced by Mozart or Beethoven, whether they knew it or not.  What I'm getting at here is that it shouldn't matter if you hear the sounds of older music in the music of today.  To some degree it has to be expected - either as an ode to the greats of yesterday or as an unintentional inspiration.  As for Arcade Fire, do you honestly think they sat around and consciously mapped out a plan to take pieces of all the greats with hopes of hitting the big time?  It sounds ridiculous just writing it.  I suspect these guys are naturally gifted musicians with their own inspirations and they came up with this beautiful music on their own.  Enjoy it for what it is.  In an age of over-synthed, heartless music with no soul, this shines through like a beacon of hope.  A true sign of a great album is that it gets better with every listen.  This album does so for me, and for those of you out there who have yet to buy the album, I encourage you to do so in the hope that you will experience the same.  Rock on.  ebhp  ==  UPDATE (6/26/05)  I had to post an update to this review, having just seen The Arcade Fire perform at the Hollywood Bowl.  Opening for the legendary David Byrne, they simply blew the roof off the place, which is a good thing since there isn't a roof on the Bowl.  I have to hand it to David Byrne for signing this band up, because he had a hard time matching the energy they created in the sold-out performance with 18,000+ screaming fans.  He could have signed up a marginal band that would have made him look that much better, but instead he exposed this magical band to all of Los Angeles.  The Arcade Fire consist of a nine person band, but that wasn't enough.  They had to bring on 6 additional violinists/cellists to create the symphonic wall of sound captured on this amazing album.  Some bands try to be weird just to be weird, and at times I thought they were heading down the same road.  Case in point - at one moment of the show two band members wearing gold/black motorcyle helmets from the 70's were wrestling each other on the stage, hitting each other with drumsticks.  This could have detracted from the music, but to our surprise it didn't.  Seeing this band live is like watching a carnival of freaks setting themselves on fire at the expense of entertaining the crowd, but when it's all said and done they walk away unharmed, having left behind a mass of people simply amazed at the beauty and sheer power of their music.  This band rocks.  ebhp     