 Based on the high ratings for this book, it's obvious JK Rowling can do no wrong.  I suspect she could have published the phone book and she'd still get 4.5 stars!  Perhaps she deserves this given the success of the previous 4 issues, but there is no way this book is perfect (i.e. 5 stars).  In comparison to the previous 4 issues, this book is disappointing.  The formula is getting tired.  Here it is:  a) Harry is trapped with the Dursley's b) He finally gets out and returns to school c) There's the dark cloud of Voldemort lingering on the horizons (only this time no one believes Harry or Dumbledore which is very simplistic since the audience - you and me - knows the truth so the suspense isn't there) d) Harry has a splendid battle in the end and proves he's a fearless hero e) Dumbledore explains in painstaking detail all of the mysteries that have so far been unclear, and then Harry returns home for the summer, leaving us all hanging until the next book.  Been there, done that!  One further comment about issue "E" above.  A truly gifted writer leads the audience through the exploration as we discover new events or secrets.  Sitting back in the penultimate chapter and explaining everything that was unclear during the previous 800 pages is simplistic at best, and if an undiscovered writer were to try that approach, they'd get laughed out of every publisher's office on the planet.  The old axiom stands: Show us, don't tell us.  My specific complaints about this story(SPOILERS AHEAD IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THIS):  1) The new creatures in this story were boring, except the Thestrals which are only in the story for a brief time.  Okay, Grawp was somewhat cool, but he's barely in it.  2) Harry was given a secret "tool" to use by Sirius, only he forgets about it until the very end.  Is Harry that stupid?  When trouble begins and Harry needs to get in touch with Sirius, don't you think he would have remembered what he was given?  3) Dumbledore laying low while all around him crumbles and Harry lives in misery.  Given their past history, the explanation that Dumbledore gives in the end is pathetic ("I'm an old man and was afraid of how Voldemort might use you to get to me").  Don't you think Dumbledore could have told another member of the Order to pass along the message to Harry as to why Dumbledore can't even look at him for 800 pages?  4) The failure to resolve the conflict between Harry and Snape, or at least to have some dialogue between them about Snape's anger towards Harry's deceased father.  I realize there are more books to follow, but there should have been some attempt to hash this out.  5) The length of this story is ridiculous.  It could have easily been told in 200-300 less pages.  A very slow beginning and plodding detail about things that had no influence on the outcome made this a long-winded marathon, rather than an exhilirating sprint to the finish.  Having said all of this, I look forward to the next issue!  EBHP     