 Uru: Ages Beyond Myst is an outstanding game with exceptional images, sounds and puzzles ... so why four stars and not five? Uru has two significant flaws: 1) You can't save your game. Your save points are set by touching each Age's seven Journey Cloths.  It's the game designers - not the gamer - who determines save points. Good save points make it easy for the gamer to explore alternate endings, and more importantly, to avoid having to solve the same puzzle repeatedly. But unless you play Uru perfectly, some Journey Cloths are placed so that you must solve several puzzles multiple times. 2) Your avatar can walk, run, climb and jump. Unlike Myst, Riven and Exile, Uru is no longer restricted to point-and-click movement from one scene to the next. But there's a problem. Your avatar is keyboard and mouse controlled, not joystick enabled.  Its third person perspective is occasionally sloppy.  Moreover, it can't use its hands when moving objects; that's a ridiculous constraint. Uru's minimum hardware requirements are... 800 MHz Pentium/AMD Athlon 250 MB RAM 32 MB nVidia GForce 1 - 4 or FX/ATI Radeon 7000 - 9800 or better Assuming you don't want long delays between Age loads, I strongly recommend, "or better." My guess, Uru really wants a 2 GHz CPU with 1 GB of RAM and a 128 MB video card.   Uru is designed for higher end hardware. Uru also has hardware requirement gotchas.  Here are some of them... * 98SE is specific; no allowance is made for Windows 98. * The video card requirement is precise: it's either a 32 MB nVidia GForce 1 - 4 or FX, or an ATI Radeon 7000 - 9800 or better. No other video card will work, including lower end versions of nVidia or ATI Radeon. * The "CD-ROM: 4x or better (not recommended for use with CD-RWs)" requirement is imprecise.  Didn't fully appreciate it until I bought the expansion pack, which clearly states, "This game contains technology intended to prevent copying that may conflict with some disk and virtual drives." Uru will not work properly in either a CD-R or CD-RW. Finally, here's an Uru synopsis: You begin in the Desert. After touching seven Journey Cloths, you are given access to a linking book, which takes you to Relto (Island in the Clouds).  Relto is your refuge and starting point between game sessions. To solve Uru, you must transfer pillars from Teledahn (Mushroom Age), Gahreesen (Fortresses Age), Kadish Tolesa (Mechanical Age) and Eder Gira/Eder Kemo (Volcano and Garden Ages) from the Bahro (Pillar Cave) to Relto. When all four pillars reside in Relto, you transfer them back to the Bahro and return to the Desert to solve its remaining puzzles.     