 I was pleasantly surprised with this album. Chimaira to me was always sort of a mid-level, mediocre cross of sort-of real metal and the horrid "nu-metal" that plagued the heavy music scene in the late 90's/early 2000's but thankfully, Chimaira has shed almost every bit of their old sound for a much more well written and all-around heavier record. Is it a classic? No. Is it anything we haven't heard before out of the new metal bands that have been breaking on the independent scene? No. Is it a good record? Definetly.  The only real thing to complain about here is despite the bands obvious growth in the songwriting department and the fact that Mark Hunter's vocals have drastically improved into probably being one of the most prominent vocalist out there is that it's entirely unfortunate that Hunter's ability to write lyrics matches neither the bands increasing ability to write enthralling songs or the prowess of his own voice. So much in fact that the only reason this album isn't getting five stars is because Hunter's weak, uninspired, and sometimes downright silly lyrics. Thankfully though, Hunter generally dropped the god awful Layne Staley rip off vocals we had to put up with on the last album. However altogether I can ultimately forgive all that because...  ...everything else is done so well. From the production to the riffs, the solos, the drumming, the pacing of the songs, the phasing of the album, and even Hunter's own vocal performance. "Nothing Remains" has the band showing off their death metal influence, "Save Ourselves" has an amazing main riff that attacks you like a chainsaw with some great lead work and is arguably the best track on the entire album, "Inside The Horror" starts off a little weak but ends up showing off some great drumming work and some strong use of an actual breakdown that not many bands pull off. "Salvation" is probably the song Chimaira pushed their songwriting abilities the most on, writing a midtempo song that is not driven by a guitar riff but rather Hunter's vocals and some extremely strong synth/electronic work. When Chimaira does good with their snyth/electronics, they do it really good and this is one of my favorite songs on the album when you mix in the lead guitar work. "Comatose," in comparison to the rest of the album is fairly weak and actually sounds like something that would of fit well on "The Impossibility Of Reason" and is really a perfect example of the little problem Mark Hunter has with writing lyrics (I Am Inside/And you know that I control you/I enslave you/I destroy you/And leave you comatose...very cheesy). If there's a weaker part of the album it's definetly in the middle but the material is still above and beyond their past material. "Pray For All" returns Chimaira to another extremely strong track where they clearly pushed themselves with a really cool drum/solo outro.   Altogether, this is a the strongest material Chimaira has written. Their next album will probably be where Chimaira's sound comes to fruition so long as Mark Hunter can start writing some lyrics that don't feel uninspired or downright cheesy. A worthy 05 purchase for fans of God Forbid, Unearth, and As I Lay Dying.     