 Probably one of the most anticipated metal/hardcore releases of 2005, Every Time I Die does NOT disappoint with their third full length (fourth release oversall) "Gutter Phenomenon." The brilliant thing about Every Time I Die, which is finally starting to show through, is that their sound, style, writing, and production continues to evolve with each album and while many may prefer Every Time I Die's grittier and rawer sound of "Hot Damn!," there will be no doubt in anyone's mind that "Gutter Phenomenon" contains everything that you love about Every Time I Die with more than a dash of refinement.  The two biggest things a fan of ETID will notice on this album that differs from their previous efforts is Keith Buckley's improved vocal work (more often than not, you can actually understand what he's saying but not at the expense of his unique scream) including of the phasing in of some more clean vocals ala "Ebolarama" and "I've Been Gone A Long Time" from "Hot Damn!," and the noticably different style of guitar riffs than that of previous efforts(see "Champing At The Bit"--which features a guest performance from Daryl Palumbo of Glassjaw/Head Automatica fame) including much more of a southern rock n' roll influence. That's not to say that ETID threw out everything we know about them, far from it in fact as tracks such as "Gloom And How It Gets That Way," "L'Astronaut," and "Tusk And Temper" would have fit nicely on any of their previous releases.  Where ETID really made advances in their sound was their newly found ability to formulate and actually structure a song. ETID no longer simply throws riffs together for the sake of throwing them together, there's actually a method to their sarcastic madness which is a constant through the entire album. Tracks like "Easy Tiger," "Apocalypse Now And Then," "Kill The Music(complete with a guest appearance from Gerard Way of the now larger than life My Chemical Romance)," and most especially "The New Black(probably the closest thing to a rock n' roll song you'll ever hear ETID write)" find ETID treading entirely new water. If you liked ETID's use of the cowbell(which appears more than once this time around) in "I've Been Gone A Long Time" and the general feel of that single track on "Hot Damn!," you'll probably love this album. The awesome thing about "Gutter Phenomonen" is even though their sound has entirely evolved, you can still listen to this and know this is ETID because not only does it contain Keith Buckley's devious and satirical lyrical content, but the same amount of energy and attitude as their previous efforts and any time a band can take the basic fundamentals of their sound and create something entirely different with it as they write each album is something you have to respect.   This easily one of the top 5 metal/hardcore releases of the year and definetly a worthy purchase. Highlight tracks include "Kill The Music," "Easy Tiger, "The New Black," and "Champing At The Bit."      