 Darkest Hour, to me, was always a band that was good but was lacking something. I could never put my finger on it but then again, I'm not sure I cared all that much. Mark Of The Judas was a strong album but they seemed to progressively slip with the releases of So Sedated, So Secure and Hidden Hands Of A Sadist Nation. Oh, how the times have changed.   I'll just say it... this is my favorite record of the year. That's not to say that couldn't change because we still have lots to look forward to yet here in 05 (including new God Forbid) but what Darkest Hour has done has written a nearly flawless album. Victory hyped this one big time and you should never buy into label hype. Is this the album of the decade? probably not, but then again, we won't really know for quite sometime how this album will be held in regards to that stature. Nonetheless, Darkest Hour, like many bands, took a step back and basically revamped themselves with this album. Some will say its more metalcore or that it finally sounds like they belong on the Victory label, I will beg to differ. If you enjoyed In Flames when they actually harmonized their riffs, you will love this album. The guitar work is amazing. Kris Norris comes off like a guitar virtuoso in the making. You also see Darkest Hour experience in more areas including the use of keys (Sound The Surrender) and John Henry's expanded vocal work (Convalescene). "Tranquil" serves as the albums epic clocking in just under 7 minutes and has some great solos. "These Fevered Times" serves as another highlight track, with a middle section that moves at an amazingly melodic pace without the use of any clean vocals, a feat not accomplished by many bands in the metal scene these days which leads me to my next point: This is not a metalcore album, its a metal album. There is no clean singing here and Darkest Hour does not over indulge themselves in breakdowns ala As I Lay Dying. They are few and far between. Most of the album the band spends their time thrashing away.   The only awkward moments of the entire album seem to be placing of the two interludes (tracks 5 and 7). There's nothing wrong with them at all from a musical standpoint, they just don't seem to be placed very well within the tracklisting of the album because it feels like its kinda lagging the frantic pace of the album. Even then, however, thats pretty much about the only thing I can find to complain about (and thats nitpicking at that). Something should also be said about the cover artwork, which is great. Lots of little details. Definetly not something was slapped together. Also, my copy came with a DVD that included music videos from A Perfect Murder, Atreyu, Between The Buried And Me, an older Darkest Hour video, Dead To Fall, Scars Of Tomorrow, Sinai Beach, and Comeback Kid. A nice little bonus to an already great album. Highly recommended for fans of old In Flames (pre-Reroute To Remain) and At The Gates.     