 After releasing an abundance of metalcore records, Abacus Recordings seems hellbent on changing their tune as of late releasing albums from Swarm Of The Lotus, Embrace The End, The Juliana Theory next week, and Ion Dissonance. But, I'm a bit disappointed. I've been listening to this album for the last few weeks and have been having really hard time getting into it. Ion Dissonance's "Solace" is no doubt one of the most punishing and heavy albums I've heard in a long, long time, so much so in fact that listening to it all the way through is definetly a challenge.   Probably the biggest problem with the album is the production. The production is so dense that when listening to the album everything feels jumbled and so far away from the listener, especially the guitar work. The drums are aaaalmost inaudible. "Breathing Is Irrelevent" had this crunch to it that made it far more unique than the standard tech-metal/grind influenced bands that are popping up everywhere it seems these days.  On the other hand, there's no denying the technical abilities of Ion Dissonance. Perhaps best described as a cross of Despised Icon and Into The Moat, the band are only looking to pummel you the entire way through with their tech/grind/death metal infused sound. No sappy choruses here. They have an interesting approach to riffing, almost Meshuggah-like, but not quite. They also like to move higher up the fret board ala Glass Casket and Into The Moat. Conceptually the vocals are pretty standard and don't really vary(except for the few scattered spoken word vocals), but Gabriel McCaughry's voice is a bit unique in that sense that you could probably pick them out amongst other vocalists. The drumming is beyond impressive, almost machine like, which is unfortunate because the weak production really doesn't show off how great it is.   This really isn't a bad album, and in fact, if the production had been better, it could easily be a 4 star album. A few things worth mentioning is that listening to this album all the way through probably won't very happen and despite what some may want to say this IS NOT a metalcore record, not even in the slightest. Highlight tracks include "She's Strychnine," "Cleansed By Silence," and "Play Dead ...and I'll Play Along."     