 Contrary to the popular belief, this album is actually light years ahead of Evergreen Terrace's previous full length efforts. After watching this band release a cover album (which really wasn't that bad for what it was), a rarities album, and a DVD you had to wonder/hope this band was going to put something out that was not only a step forward in their evolution but a worthwhile effort. And collectively, "Sincerity Is An Easy Disguise In This Business" is just that.   Evergreen Terrace doesn't stray to far from what they've usually done. At the sake of sounding cliched, they made the heavy parts sound heavier, and the melodic parts sound more melodic. Not many albums you can actually make that claim and actually have it fit. It's not the greatest album you're ever going to hear, but it might be the strongest material we'll hear from Evergreen Terrace whose sound appears to have come to fruition. The only real thing to complain about here is the length of the album, only clocking in at about 28 minutes and the few short tracks that aren't really given enough time to mesh.   Tracks such as "The Smell Of Summer," "Brave Reality," and "Tonight Is The Night We Ride" maybe the strongest tracks the band has ever written and finds them dabbling in some tremendous melodies. The great thing about Evergreen Terrace is that, unlike so many "heavy" bands that use clean vocals, they don't go the emo/whiny/screamo route. They go for the rock n' roll, upbeat sound. The songs here are written in such a way that they will translate excellent live and are sure to cause many a singalongs at their shows. "New Friend Request,"(a jab at the infamous culture that is Myspace.com), maybe the most accessible song the band has written but still retains its heavyness. In fact, Evergreen Terrace is still in love with the breakdown, which isn't a bad thing at all because they pull it off so well and keep it interesting. Something more bands should take note of. There's a hidden acoustic bonus track that is really great with a southern influence and plays off of little acoustic lick that dabbles in a few of the tracks such as "Dogfight" and "I Say You He Dead" and is far better than any acoustic track some of these awful "radio rock" bands could ever write.   In the end, it's not entirely perfect but it certainly one of the best releases Eulogy has put out in a long...long...long time. You can sit this one next to Unearth's "The Sting Of Conscience" and be satisfied. Simply put, you have to respect a band like Evergreen Terrace for continuing to being as hard working as they are. Oh yeah, don't buy into the sticker on the cover comparing this to the likes of Atreyu and Killswitch Engage. That's called marketing and it's usually never accurate.        