 Ugh, alright...thank god Trustkill has the new Most Precious Blood album coming out next month or this year would have been a total flop for them (other than the new Throwdown album which exceeded my expectations). Between this, Fight Paris, and Bullet For My Valentine I just don't know what to say other than I'm severely disappointed. Is this the same label that actually put out Poison The Well's Opposite Of December?   Anyways, there's only one strong thing about this entire band and album and thats their vocalist. He's the closest thing to a professionally trained vocalist you're going to hear thats fronting a generic pop-punk band. This isn't a rock album nor are they a post-hardcore band. Unfortunetly for him, even he overdoes it. So much in fact that his pretentious and downright cheesy vocal work (listen to :54 mark of "Ephemeral Additions" or his "whoo-hoos" at the 1:00 mark of "Leaving Berkely Heights") pulls himself even further away from the uninspired music, jarring the listening appeal of this record even more than it should be.   Musically there's just not to much to say. It's just drab. It's all been done before and quite frankly it's been done WAY better. The entire record chugs along at a midpaced tempo that takes a complete backseat to the vocal work, which as I said while maybe be impressive from a technical level, is entirely overdone, overproduced and far to polished to be enjoyable. Considering the fact that the band was barely even around for a year before being signed (I guess being NJ natives pays off when it comes to working with the Trustkill's and Ferret's eh?) it's not hard to believe how immature the songwriting is. Maybe they'll find more of a groove the next time around but right now there's about a gagillion other bands on Myspace and Purevolume doing the exact same thing and doing it better.   Now I know bringing up the name of the band shouldn't have much to do reviewing a record but I mean come on, Bedlight For Blueeyes? They didn't even give themselves a chance when they picked that one. They'll unfortunetly be the laughing stock of the independent music scene so long as their in existence. This record has "bottom of the bargain bin at the local record store" written all over it.   So, essentially what you're left with is a generic mashed together sound that is akin to Emery minus the creativity and artistry. Pick up Emery's new album "The Question" instead, you'll thank me later.     