 Well first of all, whoever is comparing Vendetta to Darkest Hour's Undoing Ruin is pretty ignorant. These albums are two totally different styles of aggressive music with different agendas. Do I have Darkest Hour's new album? Yes. Do I like it? Yes, it's my favorite record of the year so far.   However, I don't sit down and write reviews for albums that I dislike or just "like." Vendetta is an impressive album, not from a musically technical stand point, but for its energy and message. Quite frankly, I'm surprised I enjoy this record as much as I do because I typically like my bands to have a bit more of a technical flare. The tough guy hardcore thing is pretty bland and your lucky if your even able to discern one band from the next. But can I pick out Throwdown in a lineup of these bands? Because of Vendetta, absolutely.  What makes this record great? The vocals are so tremendously improved over Haymaker that it's not even funny. Dave Peters has a ton of range and sounds genuinely pissed. The guitar riffs just ooze from this album (thanks to Zuess) but most importantly, Throwdown sacrificed the silly little things and looked at the bigger picture. Their writing songs that actually stand out from one another. This album is very riff driven, and while Vendetta maintains the "chug chug" concept, theirs an actual southern flair in which their played with which varies between just about every song. You'll find some leads and solos, that while are not mindblowing, certainly bring more life to the hardcore sound and a few pinch harmonics in there. Lyrically, you're not going to find anything special, but they are improved in some ways. The songs are a little less specific in terms of meaning, so you can probably deduce your own little meaning from the words. Also, you don't have to be straightedge to enjoy this album. I haven't heard the word used once.  Alot of people are complaining, "this isn't hardcore," blah, blah, whatever. Their probably right, because it's not the same repetitive garbage their accustomed too.      