 Ya know it really sucks that Arch Enemy's newest effort "Doomsday Machine" has gleaming moments of brilliance and then falls flat on its face at other times (more often that not). I think a lot of people have generally been pretty hard on this band, especially the three albums that have included Angela Gossow on vocals, but even I'll admit that I think the previous two efforts as a whole are much stronger.   The album opens up with a pretty enthralling intro and goes right into problably the heaviest track on the album, "Taking Back My Soul," and then "Nemesis," which while is written very well but has way to many similarities both musically and lyrically to "We Will Rise." Nevertheless, it'll make you move Then the album hits its first of many brick walls on "My Apocalypse" and "Carry The Cross," which are two-midpaced tracks that slow down the entire pace of the album they worked on building up in the first few tracks. Angela Gossow's vocals come across as terribly overproduced here as well. "I Am Legend/Out For Blood" serves as a very thrashy track, reminescent of something off of "Wages Of Sin." Good track. "Skeleton Dance" returns to another midpaced offering that speeds up towards the end and then finishes off with a really great solo, so what gives? "Hybrids Of Steel," while technically and beautifully impressive serves absolutely no purpose as an instrumental that essentially repeats itself for four minutes, and bogs the album down even more. Are you beginning to see a pattern here? "Mechanic God Creation"-same thing. Then the album picks up on the final two tracks "Machtkampf" and "Slaves Of Yesterday. The solos and lead guitar work here is basically what saves the album from being a total bust. The album is produced nicely but Gossow's vocals are way over produced and really hurt the album. The pacing is absolutely awful. Essentially what you have is a half good, half bad album. Probably because it was rushed to hit the shelves in time for the bands stint on Ozzfest. Oh well, there's always next time I suppose.     