 Solid State had a, well at the sake of sounding cheesy, a pretty solid year. Norma Jean's "O God The Aftermath" was fantastic, despite what what others may say and As Cities Burn took a stalling post-hardcore sound and put out a pretty decent record, Haste The Day's sophomore effort was neither here nor there but far from the worst album of the year, and on top of that they'll be dropping the new Demon Hunter album in October. Chalk another up for Solid State with Becoming The Archetype. If you didn't like the fact that Solid State had been putting mostly post-hardcore and metalcore records as of late, then Becoming The Archetype is for you. Their not hardcore, their not metalcore, their not post-hardcore, screamo, moshcore, or any other stupid and ridiculous name that gets tagged onto aggressive music these days...their just simply a metal band and a damn fine one at that.   There's a lot of really refreshing things going on on this album. Not necessarily groundbreaking by any standards, but theirs a need for the musicianship displayed on this album to be appreciated. Probably the nicest thing about Becoming The Archetype is the natural progressive nature of their writing. Theirs a lot going on here, but not so much that it sounds confusing. They blend a more traditional thrash metal sound with hints of death metal, acoustic passages ala Opeth, and very mood-setting synth work. Vocally the album is nothing to get excited about as the growls are fairly standard but we do get a few gutteral screams ala Circle Of Dead Children or Despised Icon but perhaps not quite as over the top. Don't expect any whiny clean vocals here though because you're not going to find it. The drumming is very straight forward, lots of double bass, but very effective nonetheless and some blast beats that feel a lot like Despised Icon. There's a few breakdowns thrown in for good measure, but nothing that is predictable. Becoming The Archetype utilizes the breakdown the same way that Between The Buried And Me does--for texturing the writing, not using them as the basis of the song. Other than that, the guitar work displayed here has a much more traditional sound akin to older In Flames (that is, of course, when In Flames actually harmonized their riffs) with a few techier riffs thrown in for good measure. The solos are strong, nothing that'll make you want to pick up a guitar, but far more capable than that of a lot of the bands out there. The synth work that appears on this album reminds me a lot of the way Children Of Bodom utilizes synths and keys.  All in all, this is would be a worthy purchase for someone who wants a bit of a break from the standard fare of releases this year and even though it's much more of a metal record rather than your usual As I Lay Dying rip off, traditional metal fans as well as those into the new school of aggressive music fans could equally get into this. Highlight tracks include the albums 11:39 epic "Elegy," "Into Oblivion," and "Ex Nihilo." For fans of Opeth, Between The Buried And Me, Children Of Bodom, and Glass Casket.      