 In my mind, 311 is a band that can really do no wrong. They've never written a bad album. Are some of their albums better than others? Yes, of course. Don't Tread On Me is certainly is not the best release in their excellent catalog of music, however, once again they manage to release another strong effort.  Their are two very noticable aspects about this album that differ from their previous efforts. The first being that if you enjoy 311's mellower, more reggae and funk influenced tracks then this is for you. If you're more into 311's upbeat and heavier tracks you will most likely be disappointed by whats offered here because the album is predominently filled up by tracks that bring to mind previous tracks like "Amber" and "Champagne". There's only really two tracks which really offer up older 311 (Solar Flare and It's Getting Ok Now). The second difference being that unlike Evolver, SA plays a much, much larger role in the vocal department. So much so in fact that he may actually be on here more than Nick Hexum which isn't a bad thing nor is it a good thing. Their both extremely talented and I can listen to either and not have a problem. In all honesty, after SA had a fairly minor role on Evolver, it was nice to hear him more on this album.   In general though, when you listen to this album, you'll know its 311 and it has everything you love about this "feel good" band. And while a few areas may feel particularly cheesy (such as the overty politically lyrics of "Solar Flare" or the music written for "Waiting"--which still isn't a bad song). "Frolic Room" is a track that would of fit nicely on Evolver, same with "Long For The Flowers." "Whiskey and Wine" serves as the most laid back track on the entire album but is no less great. "Speak Easy" most likely serves as the highlight of the entire album with Tim Mahoney's excellent guitar work ala "Amber" and some really great lyrics. "There's Always An Excuse" is the longest track on the album, and it certain points feels like its dragging a little bit, but ends with a signature Mahoney solo. Pnut takes a bit of a backseat on this album with his bass work, but thats to be expected with a more mellow album.   All in all, I enjoyed the hell out of this album and any 311 fan who has enjoyed their last two albums will certainly be able to enjoy this one as well. It's no Transistor (my personal favorite), but it's so much better than the just about anything else you're going to hear and see from a major record label release this year. Highlight tracks include "Speak Easy," "Whiskey And Wine," and "Getting Through To Her."      