 Chiodos (or Chiodos Bros. for the older fans) is newest release from Equal Vision who generally has a knack for finding unique artists and while you can argue that Chiodos is unique in sound, their really just not that innovative. There's a lot of problems with this album. Collectively, it feels extremely disjointed and the songwriting is, for the lack of a better description, all over the place.  Musically, Chiodos seem to be a mixture of Underoath (The Changing Of Times era) and The Used (bleh...or insert any other band who has a singer that whines through the entire album). The biggest problem here is the vocals feel so far apart from the music. It just doesn't mesh. The sporatic use of screaming is fairly weak and it doesn't even touch their counterparts who came long before them. They also seem to be stuck in the pattern of using the same "chug-wee-chug-wee" breakdown with very little variation. The only time it seemed to be effective is when it was being backed by some piano work (see "All Nereids Beware").  I found myself getting confused in between a couple of the tracks. The production isn't as vibrant as one would hope for either, especially in the guitar department.  Now that I've essentially ripped the album apart for things that are not good about it, there a few moments of genius which is why I gave this 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 and most of these moments come out of the use of piano and synthesizers (see "The Words Best Friend Become Redefined" and "One Day Women Will All Become Monsters."). Very few bands are really able to use piano/synthesizers and pull it off well, but generally this about all that drives the songs. If you pulled them out of the songs, this band would be likely be totally lost. There's a few guitar riffs that are fairly unique when their staying away from their recycled breakdown that plagues a few of the tracks (see "All Nereids Beware" and "Baby You Wouldn't Last A Minute On The Creek").  Chiodos no doubt has potential and talent...they just need to stray away from their "screamo" tendencies and venture out on their own a little bit and fully experiment with their sound rather than feeling like they have to cover all the bases by appealing to the dumb downed "screamo/post-hardcore" thing.      