 Before everyone writes this review off because I gave this trite piece of garbage 1 star, you must read the rest of this review because there are absolutely legitimate reasons why this band is absolutely awful and could possibly be the worst record to come the entire year (well...it's either this, Fight Paris, or Bedlight For Blueeyes...take your pick).   Aiden is basically that band that "bursts" onto the scene hanging on to the coattails of a plethora of other bands who are doing the exact same thing and doing it way better, which is ironic because quite frankly, the type of music that Aiden is peddling to an impressionable audience isn't even that good to begin with--both from a songwriting standpoint and a technical standpoint.   Aiden is also the type of band that has to create a laughable and totally ridiculous image to help them sell records--this may work on prepubescent teenage girls, but not on me and not on the rest of the people who are watching independent music crumble because of these "fashioncore scenesters." And when I say image, were talking girl pants, tight button up shirts, combover haircuts, and more eyeliner than your sister wears. It's absolutely awful.  Now, with the rising success of My Chemical Romance you had to figure it was only going to be a matter of time when some awful knockoff hit the national scene and Tony Brummel, being the genius record label president that he is (I'll give him that much--Victory makes an annual 15-20 million a year which basically means the only thing that sets this label apart from the majors is their not public on the stockmarket!) went and found himself his very own My Chemical Romance, complete with image, punk influenced post-hardcore sound, and all. The brilliance in all this is not only will the MCR groupies eat this album for breakfast but so will the Atreyu kids and the like because it has just enough of an edge and few generic breakdowns to get those "br00tal hardcore dancers" all excited.  But in the end, what your left with is a horrible album that will hit the .99 cent bargain bin at your local indie store because the trend will have died off and all the "scenesters" will have moved on to the next big thing (god knows what). Aiden is the type of band that is a flash in the pan. Here one day, gone the next--quick money in Victory's pocket. The question is where do you stand? Are you going to continue to follow the cattle in the herd and buy this garbage or you going to stand up and demand that independent music returns to the way it use to be? I'll let you decide, just remember, this will be the record you hide when your friends come over next year.     