 I'll try to be about as objective as I can when writing this. I've been listening to an advance copy of this for a few weeks now and being a huge A7X fan (I'd go as far as to call Waking The Fallen the best album of 03) I had huge expectations for this album. The first four or five times I listened to City Of Evil I absolutely hated it. It remains to be seen whether or not M.Shadows can really scream or not anymore (what will they do live with the old material I wonder?) but I find it hard to believe that they would make up a story about him having damaged vocal chords just to cover themselves with making a fairly drastic change in their music to satisfy Warner Bros. so I'll believe the story unless proven otherwise. Remember, Warner Bros. has released a lot of "aggressive music," atleast by mainstream standards in the past including Glassjaw and Static-X.   By far the biggest problems with the album are in the vocal department and the lyrics. M.Shadows can still carry a pretty catchy chorus like in the past but where things really fall apart is his vocal work in the verses (see Burn It Down and Blinded In Chains). It comes off as like "ok, this is normally where M.Shadows would be screaming so what are we going to do now? Yeah, ok, just do that. We'll make it work" Very sloppy.   So what saves this album from being a complete dud and yet another major label release failure? Well, as much as I hate to admit in, in a world where "heavy" music is plagued by thousands of metalcore (which I can still be a sucker for) and post-hardcore whiners this is a pretty unique sounding release by all standards. City Of Evil ultimately meets in between the middle of being an almagamation of thrash metal, power metal, and punk and if you want something that is very un-metalcore/hardcore, then this would be it. Synyster Gates and Zacky Vengeances' guitar work is stellar and completely saves this album (see Strength Of The World and Sidewinder) and The Rev's drumming is stepped up a notch (see Trashed And Scattered). You even hear Johnny Christ trail off onto his own a few times with his bass work.   There are however a few tracks that just don't seem to really connect at all, mostly Betrayed (a song written and dedicated to the late Dimebag Darrell of Pantera/Damageplan fame) and M.I.A. Seize The Day is a bit of a power ballad that I've heard be compared to Guns N' Roses(which I've never liked ever) but moves  along very much like Warmness Of The Soul, but no where near as good. The album is packed (clocking in at an hour and twelve minutes) and some of the songs are probably longer than they really should be but I'd rather be it longer than it should be than shorter tha n what we would have wanted. So what is the best track on the album? Above and beyond, Strength Of The World is by far the strongest track on the album. A7X really flexed their muscles and added lots of nice little surprises on this track that I'll let you hear for yourself. Beast And The Harlot and Trashed And Scattered also feel more familiar to their older material despite the obvious missing intensity of M.Shadows vocals.  As much as nobody wants to admit it, the artwork and packaging is just as much of an extension of an album as anything. The cover artwork is great and unlike just about anything out there in the mainstream music world and the layout of the booklet wasn't something that was just slapped together.   Altogether, there is probably a silver lining (atleast to the band) to the entire vocal departure of M.Shadows as this album will probably catapult them into mainstream popularity alongside bands like My Chemical Romance (which then it will definetly no longer be "cool" to like them). By far their most accessible release and no where near as good as any of their previous material, it still stands hundred times better than most of the garbage that is played on TV and on the the radio (The Used, Hawthorne Heights, and all these other horrible pop punk bands-I'm talking to you!) and I've decided that not only do I like this album, but I can handle all the success their bound to achieve with it. I'd rather see these guys faces plastered all over the place than the trash thats popular now, and you should too.      