 Fear Factory, oh Fear Factory, sometimes I just can't figure you out.I thought things returned to normal with Archetype, so what happened? Archetype was so much better than I could have ever expected from a band and Fear Factory has, once again, officially taken 10 steps backward with "Transgression." If I didn't know any better, I'd think they like the idea of writing a bad album every other release so they can really feel the pressure the next time around.  The album itself is such a disappointment. Remember that feeling you had when you listened to Digimortal and you said "what the hell is this?" Get ready for that feeling all over again. I will admit I found "540,000 Degrees Fahrenheight" to be quite an enthralling listen and then I listened to the rest of the album and wanted to cry. On Archetype, it didn't even seem like the band missed Dino at all. On Transgression, it's clearly apparent that they do. The riffing is so dry, plain, and redundant I can't even begin to explain it. All you really need to do is listen to the title track and "Contagion(which could be the WORST song Fear Factory has EVER WRITTEN)." In fact, I think Burton has amazing vocals but he's loosing his touch, stretching himself into areas he shouldn't be going, and between that and uninspired riffing, Fear Factory has once again plummeted themselves to the bottom of the barrell... and dare I say that the snare on this album sounds almost like Lars Ulrich's on St. Anger?   As if it wasn't bad enough in the first half of the album, it completely falls apart in the latter half. "I Will Follow" is literally a pop rock song and it's done oh so horribly. Unfortunetly, this album could be worse than Digimortal. That's not to say that it sounds like "Digimortal", although, "Transgression" does contain quite a few "nu metal" overtones(is it 1999 all over again?), the simple fact of the matter is that this album will sit right next to "Digimortal" as being the weakest material the band has ever written. When I need a Fear Factory fix, I'll take out my copy of "Demanufacture" or "Obsolete." Maybe next time.       