 Wow, Opeth has really done it this time. "Ghost Reveries" has to be in the top 5 albums I've heard all year. While Deliverance was a bit disappointing, and Damnation was largely a giant experiment, Ghost Reveries finds Opeth once again experimenting and evolving. If you're familiar with Opeth, you know what their about-epic songwriting, amazing death metal growls, acoustic passages, fantastic clean vocals, and pretty much everything else you'd want in a progressive death metal band. Now they've added synth and keyboards into their sound on a full time basis and what may be an album that long time Opeth fans will not like at first, the band may have written their finest album.   The riffing is much more complex, the solos are inspiring, and the songs even with all their abrasiveness are just downright fun and easy to get into...something I thought I would never say about Opeth. That's not to say that with repeated listens that more and more brilliance behind the writing unfolds, because it does. Listening to this album invoked a lot of the same feelings I had when I first listened to Tool's "Lateralus" and there's even a few parts that feel a little Tool-esque on the "Ghost Of Perdition." "The Grand Conjuration" dabbles into some Meshuggah-esque style riffing and complexities. "The Baying Of The Hounds" really brings forth the bands newly found experimentation with synths and keyboards. "Beneath The Mire" contains an almost middle eastern feel to it as does "Atonement" but not quite in the same that I make it sound, not like Nile for example. Remember when George Harrison of the Beatles experimented with middle eastern influences? Yes, much more like that. Reverie/Harlequin Forest serves as the albums epic, clocking in at 11:39 while theres a few 10 and a half minute tracks. Mikael Akerfeldt's clean vocals sound ridiculously amazing on this album, as displayed on "Hours Of Wealth" and the album's closer "Isolation Years."  For those worried that Roadrunner may have messed with this bands sound, trust me, it has NOT happened. Not only is this the best record Roadrunner has put all year long over all of their metalcore releases and 25th anniversery addition releases, but this could easily be Opeth's finest album. If Opeth isn't the Pink Floyd of Death Metal, I have no idea who has. A top 5 album of the year easily, and worthy of a purchase from anyone who enjoys real music.     