 If you want to keep your current cell phone number and want this phone with Cingular Wireless, please read this!!!  I recently bought this phone through Amazon.com (no offense to Amazon, because I am a regular customer & I love Amazon's service) but I was forced to return it because I ended up with 2 cell phone numbers (my AT&T and new cell phone with this Razr V3).  I thought it wouldn't be a problem to buy it online with the new number they provided me because I thought that it would be easy to later port my current AT&T number to the Razr V3 just by calling the AT&T and Cingular later.  I was wrong.  In the beginning, it was a hassle trying to reach customer care with either carriers (voice automated) but when I finally got through, cust. care themselves didn't know what they were doing/talking about nor fully understood my situation.  I had to explain again & again because they were confused with which number is which but I finally got transferred to a customer serv. that fully understood my situation & guided me through my ordeal step by step.  She even called a nearby Cingular store for me while I was on hold and explained the situation to me & had a SIM card ready for me to pick up.    It was obvious that Cingular wanted me to buy it from them directly because when I went to pick up my free SIM card, I was told that they do not know how to port the my current number without having to cancel the new number Cingular gave me.  I decided to cancel the new Cingular number in order to keep my current number and obviously, go through another phone calling experience with an upsent agent asking me why I bought the cell phone through amazon.  He told me that he will not charge me cancellation fees & other taxes if I returned the cell phone and bought it in the Cingular Store.  To confuse me even more, he told me return my cell phone to a Cingular Branch in Texas!  He gave me the Return Dept. address and said that he'd be expecting the phone in 3 days!!!...another confused customer service...  Of course I didn't return it to Cingular because I bought it through Amazon.  Duh!  The bottom line is:  if you want to keep your current number, please go to a Cingular store nearby and have your cell phone upgrated (if you're like me, a former AT&T customer).  You should ask for an Instant Rebate (Current Subscriber Discount) and in all, the maximum you'll spend is about $270.00.  Whew!   About this phone, I love it!  One thing I don't like, is that I can't record any video clips.  If they put an easy feture of taking snap shots, why not put easy features for us to record 15 to 30 seconds video-clips?  And is there a way I could record my own music from my Ipod for example instead of recording it through cingular?  ***After a year of using this phone***  Don't know if you've noticed, but after using my Motorola Razr for almost a year, I smell 'metal' whenever I use this phone. It's annoying because I tried to clean it with rubbing alcohol and since it didn't work, I also tried to mask it with my hand lotion and the 'metal' smell seems stronger. Help, anyone?  Also, this phone is over-rated...before, it was the newest thing, and now, everyone has it and (I mean EVERYONE!) teenagers & adults alike, as well as other carriers with different features & colors. Now, there's a new phone that came out from Cingular...the SLVR L7 maybe because Samsung in Korea came up with a similar phone like the Motorola Razr v3. What's up with that?             