 Look, I'm an open minded movie lover.  I love The Royal Tenenbaums and Amelie, A Clockwork Orange and The Graduate, Eyes Wide Shut and Big Night and scores of other non-mainstream films.  I also like Scooby-Doo, My Big Fat Greek Wedding, Planes, Trains and Automobiles and a lot of other conventional fare. But to me Ghost World is a mixed bag.  Great characterizations.  Some great dialogue.  Many nice moments.  The movie has heart.  But it hit too many false notes.  I can buy Thora Birch in her situation falling for Steve Buscemi, but Buscemi's character falling for the Dana character?  No.  The movie seems to play it off as just comedy.  Just that sort of inexplicable relationship that occurs to drive the third person in a love triangle insane.  I don't think so, not here.  This sort of perception is always what we have from afar.  In this movie we know too much about Buscemi and about the Dana character to believe that they'd spend more than two dates together. Then there's the kooky hockey hair guy at the convenience store.  He just stepped out of another movie.  He'd be fine in another movie, but he feels out of place here, too broadly drawn. The Josh character is underdeveloped and seems extraneous to the plot.  Maybe his story made more sense in the original screenplay and some of his scenes were deleted.  I didn't watch the deleted scenes on the DVD. The Norman character, waiting for the bus, was just a lame device to set up the heavy-handed ending.  A metaphor that was not subtle enough to work. The divide between Thora and her best friend happened too quickly, I thought. The art teacher, while funny, was too much of a contradiction to be believable.  Yes, she's a dilettante with no talent.  But she's still not drawn from the beginning as the type to cut down true art like Thora's notebook sketches while lauding crap like the found object art of the teacup and tampon.  I think her character was set up as the type to prize everything the kids do as art.  Another false note. And frankly, I think it's hard to root for a character like Thora's who doesn't really want anything.  She wants Buscemi, yes, but not really.  More the idea of him.  She rejects everything, fine, there are people like that in this world.  I can appreciate that.  But unless you're one of those people and relate to her because you're like her, then she's hard to relate to.  I don't think it's a universal human quality to reject everything.  There are a lot of characters I'm nothing like but that I still can root for or relate to because on some level they embody a universal truth or universal human quality.  Thora's character is not universal.  Okay.  Only... for this reason, most people won't like Ghost World. Still and all, you've got to hand it to the filmmakers for their originality.  But this is not a solid movie all around.  It had a lot of potential...     