 In spite of the strange arguements against Herbert K's 6th, I find this to be one of the finest interpretations of the Pastoral about.  Instead of the usual slow intro and gradual speeding up of the older fashioned models of this piece we have here a slick and unforced manner.  Not for some, but really this is the genius of the interpretation.  Richard Osborne for some reason really discounted Karajan in this movement. I think he was wrong...instead period instrument people tend to do this opening of the Pastoral at the same tempo with which Karajan pursued his arguement! As to the 5th it is really an epic reading...no strange ritardando or even any affectation. Szell is let down by a recording that sounds monochrome in comparison to this one.  The artistry of Karajan is that he tends to be lean and lithe, and he avoids excessive shaping of phrases but always has excellent rythmic playing.  Never stodgy anywhere.  As to dynamics his Sforznados are always a joy and yet he allows the music to breathe.  The 9th is really a very strong interpretation and leaves Szell and Toscannini in the dust...here we have gloriously warm tone from the strings and very polished brass.  The solo team is first rate and and so is the chorus!  This is one of the problems we encounter with a number of interpretations. As to the 4th it is the best in the entire CD catologue..no where is anyone near Herbert in understanding this piece except form Klemperer...beautifully paced with wonderful nuance.  Flute and horn work throughout this entire recording is incredible.   The 7th is among the very finest...the opening is truly exciting with a wonderful lilt to the 6/8.  Karajan is really able to do things no one ealse could ever do...this is a fine interpretation.   The 8th in F Major is wonderful in the golden tone which permeates the playing...Berlin is on top form here.  The finale has a lightness lacking in Szell in Cleveland.   the Eroica is intense and far more straightforward than Szell in Cleveland.  No disdainful rallentando's when they are not called for...Karajn keeps close to the quarter note through the entire opening movement.  The Finale is performed with the best horn work ever.   The 1st and 2cd are truly beatiful and given Mozartian elegance without bombast.   This is Beethoven!     