 When looking at drill presses there are machines that cost the same or less than this one and have comparable specs. (JET) However, this machine had a longer stroke and the Delta name so I decided to splurge for the "Delta name and quality".  I unpacked the drill (it seemed well packed) and assembled it. The directions were ok, not great, but good enough. Cleaning the gallons of packing greasse off of the machine took some time. I plugged it in and POW, it blows the circuit breaker, and I could swear I saw a flash. Now this is the same outlet I have run my table saw from, so what gives? I decided try to try it on a dedicated 20 amp line. I try it again...It started to turn ok, but I saw a couple of blue flashes (at that time I wasn't sure it was normal or not). At least it was running. On to the "genuine delta" mortissing attachment. (extra on the Delta, included on the Jet) As someone else pointed out, you have to sacrifice over an inch of travel to install the Delta Mortissing attachment by moving the quillion clamp. So much for easy mortising and the longer stroke length. However, once it is set up, installing and removing the mortiser is not too bad.  Somehow I expected it to run smoother, but I proceed to drill a few holes in some scrap wood anyway. It seems to work ok, but the motor sounds funny. Then I notice the stream of SMOKE coming out of the top of the motor. I stop the motor and OUCH, too hot to touch. I guess those blue flashes were not normal. This was after only 5 minutes of running mostly un-loaded. I check the drive belts, nope, not too tight. Just a bad motor. Even if this machine worked flawlessly out of the box I would only have given it a 4 out of 5 rating. The mortising attachment installation is sort of a cheat and deprives you of stroke length. The belt cover rattles as the machine runs. The table is hard to get very secure to the column. Even after really tightening the clamp the table will move if you bump it.  If I had it to do over I would probably go for the Jet. Unfortunately I fell for the mystique of the Delta name. The jet has a metal pulley cover, where the Delta's is plastic and it rattles. Jet has a built in light socket but I had to buy a magnetic lamp to add to the Delta. The Jet has a TEFC (Totally Enclosed Fan Cooled) motor, where the Delta does not. This is particulary relevant given my bad motor experience. The Jet comes with the mortising attachment, the Delta costs extra. Both are made in Taiwan anyway. I guess the "Delta days" are past.  So now I get to find a way to ship this VERY heavy motor to a repair depot somewhere. Not exactly the Delta quality experience I was hoping for. I would go for the Jet next time for sure. New info 2-13-2002 Delta refused to let me return just the motor. They insist that I ship the 100 lb + head back to them so they can check the serial number. Nice. I decided to drive it to a local repair depot since shipping the head (for a DOA motor) would cost as much as replacing the motor myself! The saga continues. Apparently all of the shops anywhere near my house or my job have stopped taking on Delta warrantee work. Each one I called had the same story. They tell me that Delta is very hard to deal with and very cheap. (the actual words they used were less polite) Delta doesn't pay market rates for repairs so they stopped taking Delta work. I had to drive my drill press nearly an hours away to get the warantee honored. This has been a dreadfull experience. For your own sake please consider another brand.     