 Black one is a seriously strange and disturbing release. it clocks in at around 67 minutes with only 7 tracks so find a dark corner and get comfortable because your going to be on this ride a while. It is incredibly hard to explain this as "music", It gives more of a feeling then a sound. Sunn makes some of the most devastatingly loud bass and guitar riffs I know of, and when I say loud I mean loud; it feels like it could swallow you whole.  If you've come looking for solos, blast beats,etc you might as well be looking for a hand-gun in "Toys 'R us". In other words there are no solos, and what drums are on this are very short passages ment to enhance the pitch black atmosphere of "black one" and wont sound like the usual drum beats that are used to make a soild structure for a song.   If you are thinking about grabbing a sunn O))) album but are a little leery, Id try to find a sample of some of their stuff somewhere because its definatly NOT for everyone. Firstly, your going to need to have an open mind to really appriciate this music, its just so bizarre, and dark...incredibly dark. In every sense of the word, music-wise, and lyric-wise. Here is a quick excerpt of lyric from "black one" - "Held down by faceless darkness, the universe shrinking back through time. A mouth held open to the bottomlesss pit, the flavour of the death of all that have came before, the air bloated and brittle with fear."  The artwork on the front & back cover and on the back of the CD tray is just surperb, Id pay 20 bucks just for it alone. Even the booklet is a bizzare sight; there are over 10 pages only 2 of which have any writing on them - the lyrics and the notes- the rest of the pages are dark black and have a strange design/logo in the corner. If your a fan of Sunn O))), you probably own this already and know the drill(if not buy it already!) If you are not fammiliar to Sunn O))) then this is as good a place as any to start off.   Some of my personal favorite tracks are:   .: It Took The Night to Believe :.  this is the closest Sunn come to a "normal" song on this album  .: Cursed Realms (of the Winterdemons):.  just listen to the last 20 seconds of this one... if you are listening to this through a set of speakers that you care about you had better turn them down for this-its like a Musical/Distortional A-bomb blast!  .: Candlegoat :. Another outstanding track. It also has a great doomy intro.  .: Bathory Erzebet :.  Apparently the band locked Malefic up in a casket, then loaded it inside an old cadillac hearse while he recorded the vocals for this track. Which is strange... to say the least.     