 I couldn't wait to hear a new album from these guys since I first listened to the EP "I". In my opinion, Catch 33 is Meshuggah's best material to date; Its much more technical and less thrashy then their first few albums. Which usually would be a bad thing in my book, but its different here because Meshuggah have finaly found their own completely unique sound.  And this is coming from a guy who normaly really couldn't care less about technicality. The musicianship on Catch 33 is jaw dropping. It will often have you asking yourself Wow, how did they get that sound? or better yet, how do they maintain it for an entire song...no, an entire album. The drums sound good and all, but the guitar and bass are really meshuggah's specialty,  at first listen it sounds like they keep ripping out seemingly identical riffs over and over again, but upon closer examination, the riffs seem to be constantly flying all over the place; they sound different almost every time the band spews them out. The entire album is like perfectly contained chaos, never ending, but always changing.  Simmilar to the "I" EP, This album could be listened to and you'd hardly know that it wasn't one long track.(only difference between the two was that I actually was just one track.)But that being said, its not like they repeat themselves over and over throughout the album, it just sound very reminiscent of previous tracks. Bringing out memories of just 15 minutes ago when you heard the first couple songs off the record. Catch 33 also has a more laid back aggression to it compared to I; which never lets up on pummeling drums and smothering riffs, while 33 is more about a consistant heavy vibe.  The production on Catch 33 is fantastic, In fact I can't see how it could sound any better; The guitars sound much heavier then they did on I, and no longer have the tinish ring that they did on Nothing. They end up sounding like a deeper, clearer, and heavier verson of the guitarwork on Chaosphere. Same goes for vocals and Drums.  Some standout tracks are: Autonomy Lost, Imprint of the Un-saved, Disenchantment, Entrapment, In Death...Is Life, Shed, Personae Non Gratae, Dehumanization, Sum....In case you didn't notice thats 9 out of 13 tracks. And I mean Standout tracks, not just good tracks(like the other 4), But the kind of tracks that just never get old.   So in conclusion, if your a little bored of the metal thats out there today, pick up this insane machine of an album today.      