 After being let down with behemoths recent album "Demigod", I figured there had to be more to this band than just the sound that I heard from Demigod. And I was right, Satanica is a vicious album from start to finish.   I enjoyed Nergal's unpolished vocals ten times more then the lack-luster enhanced vocals found on Demigod. They sound much more angry, and passionate in the sense that it seems like nergal is giving it his all throughout the record. There is also a stronger sent of behemoths black metal past on Satanica, Don't get me wrong Satanica is still death metal to the bone, its just the riffs sound more black then those found on Demigod. Or maybe its just the lower production value...  This is what Death metal should be, stuff that requires all your willpower just to prevent you jumping up and headbanging all over the place. In other words its very engaging music that will give you that great metal rush that makes you feel like going nuts. It has alot of power to it most of which comes from Inferno's killer drumming and Nergal's colossal riffs and solo's. I can honestly recomend "Satanica" to anyone who is into death metal. Actually,  out of all of Behemoth's (death metal) albums this may be my favorite. Although I have yet to hear "Zos Kia Cultus".   Standout tracks are: .: Decade of therion :.  This is one of behemoth's best songs ever in my book. listen to it and know its glory!  .: Ceremony Of Shiva :.  Great drum beats on this track, very original  sounding track.  .: Of Sephirotic Transformation And Carnality :.   An annoying name but amazing song. It never lets up just like Decade of therion.  .: Chant For Eschaton 2000 :.  This is a pretty strange track with main lyrics sung in a chant followed by power metal esque vocals ( 0_0 ! ) it had me grin when I first heard it. Its a catchy track although you will have no idea what Nergal is saying until you look at the lyrics sheet. It also ends the album very triumphantly with brass horns blazing through your speakers.     