 Yes that is right, in case you didn't notice my blatantly obvious title, this is a FREE release by Demilich. A band that I had never heard of before I found out that "Nespithe" was a free record. If you surf around the web and find Demilich's official site you can get this release for FREE! wow I like typing that in a review, it feels good.  Anyway, I can safely say that if your not a hardcore death metal fan the "Giant Bull Frog Possessed by Satan" vocals will have you either laughing at or deleting these MP3s. BUT WAIT! listen to the music, hey its pretty cool isn't it? So if you Like your death metal with that great vibe/groove to it you will love this release. Fans of math metal or bands like Meshuggah will also appreciate the musicianship and tightness of this band.  So I also found out about this record and its free-ness from amazon, so I rushed over onto Demilich's website and downloaded the whole album for $0.00. I then promptly popped it on my speakers. It doesn't take any time messing around with an intro, getting right to the goods. But once those Demonic Kermit Vocals kicked in I lost interest incredibly fast. But a week later I gave Demilich another shot and, after zoning out Kermit completely found out the greatness that this record actually contains.   Alright so the songs are structured the same way?...So what I say Demilich are more about laying down a Foundation, then once thats done they add the decorations. (ugh I can't believe I just compared death metal to home decorating) Which come in the form of hook-riffs. You wont remember the song titles, but you'll know where you are just by the riffs you hear. If you do manage to remember the titles, all power to you. But I cant see the average listener saying "Oh track Nine? why thats The Planet that Once Used to Absorb Flesh in Order to Achieve Divinity and Immortality (Suffocated to the Flesh that it Desired...)!" or "Oh this is Inherited Bowel Levitation - Reduced Without Any Effort!"   Can someone tell me what the hell "Inherited Bowel levitation" means? wait....I don't think that I want to know....Anywho to sum this up, If you like your death metal technical but groovy with lots of hooks, and couldn't care less about vocals or songwriting( haven't actually look for lyrics... but somehow I think I know what they are like...*cough* Bowel Levitation *cough*) Then Demilich will defiantly go along great in your collection. If you like death metal at all you should get this. why? because its free of course, sheesh how many times do I have to say it!     