 I've had Demi-god for a while now and I haven't really been able to get into it. After listening to it, it leaves me wanting something more... As others may have mentioned, behemoth screwed around with Nergals vocals, recording a low-pitch track, and then playing another, higher pitched vocal track "underneath" the normal vocals.- the only track which doesn't seem to use this method is "before the aeons came" which seems to be more reminiscent of behemoth's older, more minimal death vocal style. This new production method makes the vocals uninteresting and lack-luster. No where on demi-god will a certain scream or growl stand out, they end up being like death metal spoken word.   Behemoth seems to borrow quite a bit from the well-known american death metal act Nile. The most noticeable being In the solo section. But this dosen't bother me very much because the solos are absolutely amazing solos, some of the best I have heard in a long while in fact. Other times its harder to pin down.. Its not really a big deal, behemoth obviously has been influenced by Nile. being influenced by a band is fine; just as long as they don't turn into Nile Junior. They even have a Guest apperance on Xul by none other then Karl Sanders, Nile's guitarist and Mastermind.  I have the same problem with the lyrics as I do with all their other albums, I don't know anything about them, im not fammiliar to what it is they are trying to portray through the lyrics, Since most of them seem to written on old mythology from mayan to egyptian. now this would be O.K. if they came with a big discription of what the names...but the descriptions provided don't really shed much light onto the deeper meanings of the lyrics. So I had to bash up Wikipedia to find out what some things meant, i.e. Shemyaza, Dumuzi Lord, and the like. I will however give them credit for making unique and original lyrics. If you are into the hole occult/etc thing I supposed you will understand these lyrics perfectly...I guess i am just a stupid vn-Kvltish mortal. Anyway, the only song I like lyricly is "Before the Aeons came", and behemoth didn't even write this, it was written by an old english poet.(Algernon Charles Swinburne for anyone who cares =P)   This "new" beefier sound with dual vocal distortians can work work out extremely well. Like in Slaves Shall serve, Mysterium Coniunctionis (Hermanubis), Conquer all(I am obsessed with this song, it has a great death metal vibe/groove to it), Sculpting The Throne Ov Seth, and The Reign Of Shemsu-Hor. All of these tracks prove behemoth can be crushingly heavy when they want to be. While some other times, it can be a less intense and more average death metal, like in Xul, and the Nephilim Rising.   In the end I like this record, but I think it could have been so much more. Not to say its bad, it definitely has its moments. I don't regret buying this album one bit. Is it one of my all time favorites? No, Is it the worst thing to ever come from death metal? Hell no! Its another solid album from behemoth, who in case you haven't noticed, have been spewing out tons of quality records recently. Im gonna keep my eyes open for the next album from behemoth, hoping that they will take what they did with "Demigod" even further. To end this review i'll say that if you like Nile, or death metal at all, you should pick this up because  you will most likely love this record.   If you managed to read this entire review, and didn't feel like kicking me in the teeth after doing so, or found it remotely interesting, appealing, or helpful please take a second out of your busy and important day to press the "yes" button next to "Was this review helpful to you?"  Thank you,  -Igar the Terrible     