 Personally i was expecting to hate Are You Dead Yet? with a passion... And when I bought it I did just that. But I kept listening to it and eventually, after about 3-4hrs of listening to it, it started to grow on me. When I first heard they were going to do a Cover of Britney Spears "Oops i did it again" on their new EP I had a good laugh about it, knowing it to be just a funny idea/poke at spears. It surprised me how so many people on their fourms were like "OFMG COB AR SO L@ME TH3Y LOVE BRITNY SPRS!!" it seems like some COB fans lead pretty boring lives if they take EVERYTHING so seriously But i am glad that the band only put it on the Ep and on the Japanese Pressing, because while it is good for a chuckle every now and then, I dont want a 5min long joke on an album I paid hard earned dough for. And it would just make the album seem all that more short. But anyway Back to Are You Dead Yet?...I like it a little (not by much, however.) better then HCDR, why?, because HCDR seemed like a flimsy album, it was trying to be neo-classical and have loud, chunky guitar riffs at the same time. But with AYDY? It clearly leans toward the latter sound. Yes it is pretty simple compaired to their earlier stuff  and, yes there aren't as many solos, but that dosent mean that its bad. But That also dosen't mean it comes close to their older material...because it just dosen't. Not to say that Children of bodom sound completely different now, Are you Dead Yet? still has that reconizable Bodom vibe/sound to it. So if you are wondering wether or not to pick up "Are You Dead Yet?" My advice to you is: If you have the cash buy it, buy it. It souldnt cost you too much. I Got my copy for $15 Canadian, which is a pretty fair price. But if you don't already own Follow The Reaper, Hatebreeder, Something while, and even Hatebreeder, you should pick those up because they are just all around better albums. And they last a lot longer then Are You Dead Yet... How long can 35 minutes of music keep your attention?     