 Finntroll are an amazing group of musicians, and Nattf?d is a truely amazing album. They make some of the most creative metal my ears have ever had the Privilege to listen to. Finntroll's music will never be "popular"; But that dosen't stop them from doing what they do best, A Crazy head-banging trollish polka fest. You wouldn't think that metal and polka (or humppa as they call it over in finland) would fit together so well, but once you listen to what these guys put out you'll soon forget that polka is what your grandparents do on a friday to fill the vast void of space that is the remainder of their lives.  Finntroll has entered my Top 5 favorite bands with un-earthly swiftness. It's all so damn catchy! From start to finish your foot will be tapping to the beat while wearing a grin, Its not laugh out loud funny, its just grin-because its all so bizarre- funny. The first time I listened to a Finntroll record it took all my willpower not to shove my PC and scattered papers off my desk, hop onto it, and begin the jig to end all jigs. If you have an open mind, and haven't checked these guys out already, DO SO NOW!   Its really too bad that Wilska (the lead singer) was recently "fired" from the band. He had such a great voice for the part. It sucks that he is gone, but im sure the band did what they had to. its good to hear that this hasn't slowed the band down; They've already started searching for a replacement. Finntroll has had a rough time when it comes to their line-up. Their first lead singer Katla had to step down from his vocal duties in finntroll due to some strange vocal chord virus although he still contributes musicly and lyricly to the band. And they're previous guitarist died from an "acholic related falling accident". Not many bands can live through those kinds of issues. I'd give out some of my favorite songs, but honestly, I love them all; you won't find yourself skipping a track on this album! In conclusion, If you haven't checked out Finntroll already, give them a shot. Nattfod is a good a place as any to start listening to one of the most originaly fun bands ever.  If you managed to read this entire review, and didn't feel like kicking me in the teeth after doing so, or found it remotely interesting, appealing, or helpful please take a second out of your busy and important day to press the "yes" button next to "Was this review helpful to you?"  Thank you,  -Igar the Terrible     