 10,000 days is the type of album that grows on you after you give it some time. When I first downloaded the album I thought that 10,000 days didn't quite live up to the tool name, or the bar that was set by Aenima and Lateralus. But this is great music whether some of you would like to admit it or not. I downloaded the album the day it leaked and after constantly listening to it, -all the way up to 3 days before the release- I began to comprehend the sound that was flowing into my ears. And its only sounded better since then. 10,000 days is the most progressive release that the band has ever done, So don't come into 10,000 days expecting an onslaught of singles. You'll need to listen to the album from start to finish without skiping a track here and there.(with the exeption of some of the interleudes, if you should choose)  Some of you seem to be frustrated that the album isn't angry enough for you...Well what did you expect? In case you haven't heard this whole album is based about maynard and his deceased mother and how she affectes his life to this day. So I don't know how you would come into this album expecting angst.  But that being said, I have a feeling tool may just shake off more then a few fans with this release, becuase I get the feeling that some fans want a Aenima Pt II or Lateralus part II. Or might think that this is an album of "Filler" tracks.(For the record, Wings part 1 and intension are NOT filler)   I can't really say where 10,000 days ranks up compared to their back-catalogue in my mind yet, because I feel that I still haven't given it the proper amount of time to sit in my head. Tool still seem to be able to deliver great song after great song, and the only break in the consistancy comes in when Lipan Conjuring and Lost keyes come in. I don't think that it was a great idea to put two interludes right next two each other. But other then that I have nothing but good things to say about 10,000 days.  And please If you downloaded the album when it leaked, go out and pick up the real thing if you haven't yet. The great artwork alone is a good enough reason to buy the album.      