 Im really glad that Seplutura finaly found that perfect equation for making albums again, especially after that huge bump in the road called Roorback. Against wasn't anything special, and Nation was pretty dull, but Roorback was absolute hell. That being said I went into this release extemely cautious, as I think most fans did. The only thing that sold me was the cheap price and the rumored hype behind it.   But after giving it a fair chance I can say that I enjoyed it a fair amount more then Chaos A.D. While it does lack that certain heavyness that the band attained with Max. I think its unfair to compare Sepultura (now) to the Sepultura of the past, nothing against Derrick, he just no Max. And he never will be, because those shoes are just too hard to fill in the eyes of most dire-hard fans. But is that a good enough reason to condemn him for life? *sigh* I wish that they would change their name from Sepultura to something else. So that people can just put Max in the past and take this band for what they are, or what they have become.  So all in all I can honestly say that this is Sepultura's best release since Max left the band. Yeah this is a major step up from the horrendeous "Roorback", and the band are finaly begining to earn their claim to fame. This has everything that you would want in a thrash metal album, some great catchy riffs and vocals without taking too much thought to enjoy. Dante XXI also has a great atmosphere, which is new ground for Sepultura. The songs  all seem much more connected then before. And I love the little intros scattered throughout the album. Especialy "limbo" which leads into my favorite track off Dante XXI; "Osita". I was very very surprised to hear a string passage in the middle of the track, which in my eyes, makes a great track into a reason to buy the album. It feels like the band gave it their all in making this album, it dosen't seem like a bunch of songs that don't connect at all, or follow a theme that gives the listener a reason to keep listening.     