 "Britney's Dance Beat" for PC is very fun! It's "Dance Dance Revolution," Britney style! Unfortunately, the game is way too short. Plus, I personally think software users were jipped of concert footage, compared to Playstation 2... First off, you pick a dancer. Next, if you aren't confident in going to the first audition yet, there is a dance studio in which you can practice. Once you feel comfortable with the game, it's off to the first audition. You are auditioning to be a back-up dancer for Britney on her upcoming world tour. Each time you clear a stage, you unlock a backstage clip in the Video Vault. Starting off, you must make it through three auditions by hitting your arrow and spacebar keys to the beat of Britney's hits, which include, "Slave," "Overprotected," "Stronger," "Baby, One More Time," and "Oops, I Did It Again." If you pass the auditions, you move on to three concerts, still playing by rhythmic hitting of the keys. If you successfully complete the six stages, you get to compete with Britney. Aside from the main part of the game, there is also a Britney Quiz Section where if you answer enough questions correctly, you unlock an additional clip (there are nine in all). Also, there is a Free Play Section where you can make up your own moves to show to friends and family... I thought the game was good, but WAY too short! I completed it within a few hours, and was left feeling disappointed. I also felt that even though the PC version has two remixes and a Free Play Section that the Playstation 2 version doesn't have, I was jipped. The backstage clips might be okay for mediocre Britney fans, but for a die-hard fan like myself, they were cheap. They basically show Britney goofing around in rehearsals and playing around with her tour crew before the shows, etc., which was pretty cool. But, the two concert videos ("Slave" and "Overprotected") were fom her HBO Concert Special, which I've seen non-exaggeratively one-hundred times! To me, the least they could've done was show concert videos from a different show! That's why I think the Playstation 2 version would be better because they get a lot more! They get the backstage clips AND five ADDITIONAL concert videos FROM DIFFERENT CONCERTS OTHER THAN THE HBO CONCERT SPECIAL! To make matters more depressing, you can move the camera around and zoom in and out. I guess I'll be getting PS2!     