 Joan Lowery Nixon gave me a great first impression with "The Name of the Game Was Murder!" The story is extremely fast-paced, and was my first book that I had finished in a few hours. Nixon gives a well-descriptive storyline, which makes you feel as though you're in the actual story!    The book takes place on a remote island in a creepy mansion. Samantha goes to visit her Aunt Thea for the first time. Sam is an aspiring writer and her aunt's husband, Augustus Trevor, is a famous novelist. Not only does Sam visit to see her Aunt Thea, but she hopes to get writing advice from Augustus.  When she arrives, she soon realizes that Augustus is a rude, hot-tempered man who warns Sam to stay out of his way during the weekend while he has guests over for a party. Also, after Sam has already settled in the Red Room, Augustus moves her to a tiny room, far away from the rest of the house called the Tower Room....  Later that day, Augustus' guests arrive, and Sam finds that they are famous people! But, things start to get fishy when a movie star named Laura says that she received a threatening letter stating that if she didn't come, she'd regret it.  That night during dinner, Augustus announces that the guests will be taking part in a game. He explains that he has written a story that includes a devestating secret about their past, and whoever can use Augustus' typed clues to get to the manuscript, will have their secret removed from it. He hands out the clues, which make no sense to the guests, including his own wife Thea. Sam demands a clue for herself, and when given one, quickly deciphers it, due to the fact that is was just an "alphabet note." (Example 1 stands for A, 2 stands for B, etc). Because Sam is quick in figuring out hers, everyone thinks that she can decipher thier's, which is just another problem for Sam!  The next morning Augustus is found dead in his office; murdered!  Can Samantha figure out the clues? If she finds the manuscript will it reveal the murderer? Find out in "Name of the Game Was Murder!"     