 I absolutely love Joan Lowery Nixon! I've only read two books by her so far, but they were both good! A couple days ago I read "The Name of the Game Was Murder," which is creepily suspenseful. That's where "The Kidnapping of Christina Lattimore" comes in...  I personally loved this book; once again Nixon astounded me. Even though it was a book I'd put at the top of a mystery list, after reading "The Name of the Game...," it just wasn't very suspenseful. By suspense I mean "what's going to happen next?"  The storyline revolves around a girl named Christina. She is desperate to go on a trip to France with her class, but her father refuses, being that the trip is to study Roman Catholics and her father is a priest, not believing in the religion. She asks her weathly grandmother who owns an oil company if she could take some money out of her trust fund to pay for it by herself. But, she is turned down.   Later that night, coming back from her best friend Lorna's house, her mouth is covered and she is drugged.   She wakes up laying in a cot in a dank basement. She realizes she was kidnapped! The oddity of the situation is that her kidnapper brings her food and makes sure she is well taken care of. He tells her to sign a ransom note to her grandmother.   The next day she soon figures out who's kidnapped her, but doesn't reveal it to him, knowing she'd have to be killed. The kidnapper has her take a bath and change. Then he walks her around the house making her touch everything. She is left with a woman who makes her sit down and watch TV.   Later on, the kidnapper returns saying that they got the money. Suddenly, they hear, "Police!" and the woman gives the gun to Christina. The cops think that Christina was the one who asked for the money, trying to get money for the trip. Christina also finds out they dust for fingerprints and find Christina's all over the house (remember, the kidnapper made her touch things). She realizes she was framed, but no one believes her! Will Christina be able to prove her innocence, or will her snooping around kill her? Find out in "The Kidnapping of Christina Lattimore!"  Also recommended: "Name of the Game Was Murder" By Joan Lowery Nixon     