 Yes, the title of my review is a little tongue in cheek, but only because I love Grey's work so much, and I'm soooooo jealous of his technique.  I first saw Grey's work in a mall bookstore the year I graduated from high school, 1993, and as youngster artist, the paintings I saw were everything I aspired to be (with a dash of Keith Haring thrown in).  Darn it, if this guy didn't take all my ideas before I even had them!  At least he doesn't paint spheres like I do.  Anyway, my parents bought me "Sacred Mirrors" as a graduation present, and that book is rewarding each and every time I turn to it for pleasure or inspiration.  "Transfigurations" is an all around better book many times over.  Everything that was Greyish about the work in "SM" can be found in plentiful supply, but his work has certainly taken on more depth since then.  I was never really one for paintings like "Gaia" or "Universal Mind Lattice."  I'm not sure if it's because he's been meditating a lot, reading more Terence McKenna or drinking cauldron upon cauldron of ayahuasca, or if he simply became "one" with certain patterns and uses of primary colors, but the hallucinogenic ("psychedelic," or better yet, "entheogenic") tendencies of his art have exploded.  The male/female Homo erectuses (is that the plural, or is it "erecti?") with magic mushrooms and Cannibas all around are perhaps an obvious example, but virtually everything here is laden with a psychedelic aura.  I especially like the small drawing based on an ayahuasca vision (please see the crude but brilliant book of ayahuasquero Pablo Amaringo's art, "Ayahuasca Visions" if that work intrigues you), being a fan of the brew.  I've always admired Grey for his willingness to admit that such substances play a prominent role in his life, though I have to say that I would have had little doubt otherwise even if he kept it a secret from us.  Before I saw this book, I had the distinct pleasure of seeing "Cosmic Christ" in person at Baltimore's American Visionary Art Museum (you need to see this place if you haven't already), and I must have stared at the work for at least a half hour.  It's really a masterpiece.  I can't wait to see how Grey's work develops in the next few decades, assuming neither he nor I are murdered or drastically crippled by another al-Queda attack.  The book is, in a word, amazing.  You need to buy it now!  As one of the reviewers succinctly put it, "we've already missed out on Rumi, Blake, Swedenborg, and Gibran, but we've been sent a comforter for our time flowering from the same vine," and I couldn't agree more with that estimation, but for the fact that it didn't mention Neil Finn (especially Crowded House's swan song, "Together Alone"). (...)     