 So you've heard Remember Shakti, and now you want to hear more. Every time I listen to the new material I think the band should be called Remember Shtickti, because that's what it's about these days. Their shtick? Slow, meditative beginnings...the introuduction of rhythm...fiery solos...finally, call and response climaxes. Be that as it may, the guys that do this these days - McLaughlin and his South Asian comrades - are all top-notch virtuosos, so even that sort of predictable music is wildly entertaining (unless you really know and dig Hindustani music, which makes Remember Shakti sound like Indo-Enya or Indo-Yanni). However, when you hear "Handful of Beauty" you will be hearing a work of true genius. Every cut is amazing. There is an epic, forlorn quality to this music that's very much missing from their modern stuff. John McLaughlin's playing (my opinion, obviously) reached its absolute peak in this time period. The guitar he cradles on the cover was like an extension of his brain. He's obviously well-versed in Indian aesthetics and technique, as he never descends into "exotic-sounding" playing, i.e. dipping into chromatic and harmonic minor scales, a la Roger McGuinn, Yngwie Malmsteen, or even Jimmy Page. Some of his most virtuoistic, soulful and sincere playing is to be found on this recording. While perhaps not on par with that of the greatest Indian musicians in an Indian context, it is still  exceptional. Then again, he's not *trying* to be an Indian musician, but rather, apply his knowledge of Indian music  and filtering it through his years of jazz, rock and fusion experience. No duh, right? Anyway, this is a true gem of an album. It surpasses their debut and subsequent album as well. As wicked as songs like "Joy" and "What Need Have I for This? What Need Have I for That? I Am Standing at the Feet of My Lord...All is Bliss...All is Bliss" are, the muddy production and thin-sounding instruments of the first album seriously detract from the album's overall quality. The third album ("Natural Elements") is good, but the songs are shorter and some are a little hokey too. They never quite reach the heights they seek, though one song on "Natural..." does feature one of McLaughlin's coolest-ever funky strumming riffs, one that cleverly uses both his normal six strings and the eleven drone strings. "Handful of Beauty" reaches into the stratosphere and stays put for the duration. The quiet longing and classic McLaughlin harmonies in the last piece, a violin/guitar duet, are an amazing finale. Did I mention violinist L Shankar? He's monstrous on this album. So are Zakir Hussain and Vikku Vinyakaram, but they're not the focal points for this album, though it would be incomplete without them. BUY THIS!!!!!!        