 Let me preface this by saying that I *ABSOLUTELY LOVE* the authentic Pink Floyd.  They were the first band I ever connected to, my first concert, and my first *musical* obsession.  In middle school I saw "The Wall" over one-hundred times, and except for my tendencies towards primal screaming, ripping my fingernails out, shaving my eyebrows and chest, leading a maniacal facist skinhead goon squad and then ending up reading weird poetry in a toilet staff in the bathroom of a hockey stadium, I'm no worse for the wear!  Anyway, I remember hearing the first strains of "Keep Talking" the day it was released as I stood out in the cold winter air, waiting in line to purchase tickets for their '94 concert tour (I was successful).  My feet were numb (and not comfortably!).  I didn't think the song was that great; more like a cheap knock off, not even of classic PF, but perhaps AMLoR-era PF.  A loyal fan and consumer, I bought "The Division Bell."  Try as I might, I simply couldn't bring myself to accept this music.  Last night I decided to give it another shot, start to finish.  This experience only confirmed one thing: this is their very worst album.  Gilmour and his friends are really sub-par lyricists, and the lyrics are obviously meant to ape the themes found in Waters-era recordings.  Do you think David Gilmour was really all that concerned about talking and intimacy, or he and the boys needed an excuse to tour and make bajillions of dollars again (I paid thirty-five bucks in 1994!)?  The very lowest point is the horrible, horrible, 'ORRIBLE piece by Richard Wright.  The guy is among the most boring singers I've ever heard, and I haven't heard lyrics that awful and trite since the last time I heard Lenny Kravitz's "Dragonfly," which thankfully has not been for a long time.  There are some nice moments (and I do mean moments, like two or three-second snippets) here and there, but all in all, Gilmour's playing is nowhere near as ferocious as it was on WYWH, Animals, or even Momentary Lapse of Reason stand-out tracks like "Yet Another Movie" and "Sorrow" (one his best moments), and his voice isn't as honey-sweet and pure as it used to be.  Then there are all the obligatory Floydisms: sax, female singers, distant voices from conversations or movies and the like.  Couldn't they have done something original?  I've read that upon hearing "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" Roger Waters called it something like "a clever, quite facile forgery," and I agree.  Even that recording used some Floydians cliches just to maintain an "authentic"  atmosphere, but at least that album wasn't awful through and through.  "The Division Bell," like "Star Wars, Episode One," is a disappointing example of totally formulaic drivel.  If you're a Floyd fan and this CD gives you some sort of deep satisfaction, then you must be a total lunkhead, because in even the most objective sense this album absolutely reeks.     