 I cannot even begin to describe my admiration toward this film.  It is one of Milos Forman's greatest works and can never be duplicated.  The story of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is fascinating,  incredibly re-made by the creative team of AMADEUS.  The real story behind the movie is the playwright himself,  Peter Shaffer,  who adapted his Tony Award Winning play into an incredible film.  It shows how brilliant he is.  The story centers around Antonio Salieri(a once successful composer and now a suicidal old man,  who tells his story from within a mental hospital,  a favorite spot for Milos Forman's films.  He believes he is responsible for Mozart's death,  so he recounts the tale of his longing to become a servant of God,  to write music and sing His praises.  Upon hearing Mozarts music,  he believes Mozarts work is the voice of God,  but once he sees that Mozart is a vulgar,  childish,  spoiled young man with an amazing gift,  he begins to think dreadful thoughts of how he can rid himself of this "creature" whom he detests.  This film won the 1985 Oscar for Best Picture,  along with seven  other Oscars including Best Director,  Best Adapted Screenplay,  Best Costume,  and most importantly,  Best Actor.  As Salieri,  F.  Murray Abraham is astounding.  His performance is a revelation of jealousy and wanting that never falters.  I must admit that it is a little sad that while Abraham was winning nearly every Best Actor award that year,  his fellow Oscar nominee playing Mozart had to settle for many nominations,  but no wins.  Tom Hulce,  I feel,  gives a performance of a lifetime as Mozart,  and rightfully deserves much praise for his fiery and passionate Mozart.  He is a brilliant actor. Elizabeth Barridge,  though at times displays too much of a childish acting style,  is the vision of Mozart's wife and acts as an excellent foil between the two composers. The supporting cast is excellent,  headed by the always wonderful Jeffrey Jones as the Emperor,  Christine Ebersole(Recently won 2001 Tony Award for Best Actress in 42nd Street),  Barbara Byrne(Original Cast Member of Into the Woods),  Roy Dotrice(Played opposite Zero Mostel in A Funny Thing Happened On the Way To the Forum),  and Simon Callow.  It is a magnificent film and a must-see!     