 Martin Scorsese's masterpiece is one to be cherished,  valued,  and especially enjoyed over and over again.  Originally entitled WiseGuys from writer and co-screenwriter Nicholas Pileggi's novel,  this title was dropped because of the existence of a Brian De Palma comedy already called WiseGuys starring Joe Piscopo and Danny Devito.  That WiseGuys has NOTHING on GOODFELLAS!  Goodfellas is more than a movie.  It is an experience!  What made this movie so different from other mob movies was the fact that the mob was treated as a seperate race from society.  From the explosive beginning to the near-heartbreaking conclusion,  the mob has you in the palm of their hands.  (...) The movie is told through the eyes of Henry Hill,  who grows up under the wing of the mob after taking a part time job there at the cab stand,  the hangout for the hitmen,  bosses, paesaens,  and Italianos.  The plot is so intricate and vast,  that it would be impossible to go through it in its entirety.  To break down,  Hill(Ray Liotta) grows up a friend ally to Mob legend Jimmy Conway(Robert DeNiro) and psychotic killer Tommy(Joe Pesci) while always under the supervision of Paulie(Paul Sorvino).  Hill marries Karen(Lorraine Bracco) and through three decades of drugs,  money,  murder,  and sex,  the men and women lose and win,  are killers or killed,  thiefs or victims,  you name it,  Goodfellas has got it.  All of this is amazingly pulled together by one of the finest filmmakers of our time,  Martin Scorsese(co-writer/Director).  Above all other scenes and situations beautifully filmed,  none can compare to Scorsese's "coup de cinema" tracking shot.  Those of you who have seen the movie more than once will likely know what I'm talking about.  With "And then he kissed me" blaring, Karen and Henry enter the Copacabana from the side entrance and proceed into the night club  in an incredibly filmed camera tracking sequence which never once takes its eyes off Henry and Karen until they are comfortably sat in the front of the Copa's band.  It is a testament to the fact that Scorsese's genius and talent is beyond compare.  Speaking of music,  nearly everyone knows that it is difficult to imagine anyone besides Scorsese who can use music so ingeniously in film.  The opening Tony Bennett number "Rags to Riches" sets the tone immediately for the amazing film which has already begun,  and the soundtrack is a must-have.  Personal favorite:  the rock n' roll blasting as the camera closes in on Robert DeNiro smoking his cigarette only the way DeNiro can.  The cast is amazing,  with Robert DeNiro giving a great performance.  Ray Liotta is electrifying as Henry Hill.  Personally,  I was very dismayed when Liotta did not receive an Oscar nomination for that performance,  he basically carried a good deal of that film with excellent versatility.  Oscar winner Joe Pesci walked home with the Best Supporting Actor Academy Award for his Tommy,  and Lorraine Bracco's strong-willed Karen was honored by a nomination and a great performance.  Paul Sorvino is cool and awesome as Paulie the boss,  and even Scorsese's parents get into the act,  his father playing the hitman who actually is responsible for Timmy's undoing,  and Catherine Scorsese plays Tommy's religious mother.  The scene in which Henry,  Tommy, and Jimmy end up at her house looking for a shovel to bury the man they nearly beat do death in the trunk,  she comes down and fixes each man a meal in one of the funniest scenes in the film.  Yes,  funny,  what makes this film so great is that there is a great deal of humor and it eases the tension of the viewer with a weak stomach.  Goodfellas was nominated for six Oscars,  including Best Picture and Best Director,  and was named Best Picture by the NY and LA Film Critics Association and the National Film Board Review.  It is absolutely one of the best films ever made,  and it stands mighty as number 95 on AFI's 100 best films of all time,  being placed among Platoon,  One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,  Casablanca,  The Godfather,  Citizen Kane,  and Gone With  The Wind.  I love it!  Whatsamatta wit you?     