 AMERICAN BEAUTY was awarded the Oscar for Best picture last year, and with due cause.  It is an incredible movie about the disintegration of a marriage,  and some have gone so far to say that it is a study of the disintegration of the American family.  The directorial debut of Sam Mendes(Broadway's Cabaret Director) is one that will be remembered for years to come.  Alan Ball wrote the original screenplay,  winning an Oscar for his efforts,  as well as an Oscar for Mendes.  The story focuses on Lester and Carolyn Burnham.  While their daughter seems to hate both of them,  it seems as though they begin to hate each other,  although Lester attempts reconciliation to no avail.  Lester(Kevin Spacey) becomes infatuated with his daughter Jane's(Thora Birch)friend,  Angela(Mena Suvari).  Meanwhile,  Carolyn(Annette Bening) begins having an affair with a fellow real estate agent Buddy Kane(Peter Gallagher).  Jane falls in love with the next door neighbor Ricky(Wes Bentley) who is under strict watch by his ex-colonel father Frank(Chris Cooper).  This movie takes ordinary people and creates a chain reaction,  changing their lives forever.  Mendes has directed this film with incredible skill and panache,  and Ball's script is brilliant.  The real story here is the ensemble,    which won Best Ensemble award at the Screen Actors Guild Awards .  Kevin Spacey is simply incredible as Lester,  winning his second Oscar and first in the lead actor category(He recently won for The Usual Suspects as supporting actor).  Annette Bening gives the performance of a life-time as Carolyn, bringing new meaning to the word lead actress. Thora Birch is great as Jane,  the perfect image of a confused teen.  Mena Suvari is able to give a good deal of depth to a stereotypically unlikeable character.  Bravo! Chris Cooper is an excellent character actor,  making Frank Fitts an unforgettable character.  One of the most surprisingly brilliant and hardest characters was played with perfection by Wes Bentley.  Peter Gallagher is suave as Buddy,  and Allison Janney gives one of the strangest yet most powerful roles as Ricky's mother.  All together, this film won five Oscars, and is a must-see for everyone!     