 This is, without doubt, one of the best Hilliard recordings (my other nominations for the best Hilliard recordings are: Dunstable Motets, Virgin Veritas 5 61342 2, and Ockeghem Missa Prolationum, Virgin Veritas 5 61484  2).  Buy these precious Virgin Veritas reissues fast, because they go out  of print without warning.  Made almost 20 years ago, this Josquin recording   reflects what was, in my view, the golden age of the Hilliard.  The cast  was still featuring the amazing high tenor Paul Elliott whose voice is such  a delight, especially in the florid line in Veni Sancte Spiritu.  David  James, joined by the group's frequent guest Ashley Stafford, is in top  form.  Even the harshest detractors would not claim that James sounds  shrill or abrasive in this recording.  Back when this recording was made,  the one-voice-per-part approach was still a novelty.  The fact that the  Hilliard sang this repertory with only 8 singers (in some pieces only 4)  elicited a few surprised comments when the recording first came out.  Now,  of course, such small forces are perfectly acceptable, if not expected, in  polyphonic works.  We owe this new attitude, as well as the greater  attention to medieval repertory in general, to groundbreaking groups such  as the Hilliard.  This recording presents four fairly large motets, the  most famous of which is Ave Maria.  The rest are secular pieces.  The  Hilliards vocalize all parts even though instrumental continuo was probably  acceptable in Josquin's times (e.g., David Munrow recorded some of these  songs with recorders, viols and lutes).  Two of these secular pieces  deserve a special mention.  One is Milles Regretz, one of the most popular  melodies of the middle ages, serving as a plainchant backbone in  numerous  masses.  The other is Nymphes de Bois, the heart-rending lament on the  death of Ockeghem.  The text by poet Molinet lists among the mourners  several of Ockeghem's pupils and admirers, including Josquin himself.  The  moment in which the voices call out the names of the mourners in descending  echoing steps is indescribably beautiful.  The music incorporates as  tribute two lines of Ockeghem's Requiem.   The effect is stunning.  Josquin  could not have hoped for a better performance.     