 Campra's Idomenee (based on the same story as Mozart's Idomeneo) was first staged in 1712.  Campra significantly reworked the score for the 1731 revival, and it is this second version of the opera that is recorded here.   The opera follows the traditional tragedie-lyrique pattern having five acts  and a prologue.  But under Campra's pen (I mean, quill), the formalities of  the genre are transformed into a genuine drama.  The comparison between the  1712 and 1731 versions of the opera confirms Campra's intention to produce  an emotionally realistic drama: the second version eliminated several minor  characters and streamlined the plot thus achieving a better dramatic  effect.  Even the prologue serves not as a usual pastoral panegyric, but as  a symbolic root of the human drama that follows - in the prologue, the  goddess of love, Venus plots with the god of winds, Eole, to send a  terrible storm on the ships of Idomenee returning home to Crete from their  Trojan victories.  This storm was, of course, the cause of Idomenee's  terrible vow - in return for safe passage, he vowed to sacrifice the first  person he sees ashore.  I don't mean to claim that Campra's Idomenee is a  realistic drama in the modern sense of the word, but parts of it are quite  gripping.  For example, the meeting of Idomenee and his son Idamante (who  happens to be the first person Idomenee sees upon his return) shows  Campra's considerable skill in combining music and drama.  As another  example, Idomenee's aria "O Neptune, recoy nos voeux" (a plea for  mercy), which is echoed by the somewhat distant chorus, is very effective  in conveying the cursed man's loneliness.  The opera is written in a  mixture of melodic recitative and arioso - a musical style that is very  engaging if well used.  The arias are relatively few (except as  divertissments), but the recitatives themselves are so melodic that the  arias are barely needed.  This is one of the main features of French  baroque that I really like: recitative actually has an independent musical  value.  The singers here are marvelous, especially haute-contre Jean-Paul  Fouchecourt as Idamante (THE man for this kind of role) and bass Bernard  Deletre as Idomenee.  In addition, Sandrine Piau makes a truly electric  Electre!  Well, if you're not familiar with French baroque, this is going  to be different, but hopefully you won't be disappointed.     