 I stopped buying Koopman's Bach cantata recordings after volume 6.  I have mixed feelings about these recordings, but I know people who have a strong preference for them.  Some aspects of Koopman's treatment of Bach are very  strong, so the series as a whole probably deserves five stars.   Individually, however, quite a few of these cantatas can be found elsewhere  in a better guise.  This volume presents some of the secular output from  Bach's years in Leipzig.  The polarization of sacred and secular in Bach's  output is a matter of some debate, considering that Bach freely reused a  lot of his own secular material in later sacred works.  For example, even  those least familiar with Bach will recognize the opening chorus of BWV 214  as the opening movement of the Christmas Oratorio.  As the notes explain,  Koopman decided to segregate some of these "source" secular works  in a separate volume in order to highlight their individual worth.  The  result is satisfying (although you may find that it becomes less satisfying  on repeat listens).  Koopman's chorus sounds limpid and watery, which may  be quite appealing, but one is often left with the feeling that the  material is undercharacterized.  The festive movements (e.g. BWV 215 or  201) are generally more effective than the solemn ones (e.g., the regal  Trouerode really deserves a more distinctive choral sound).  The tempi are  generally well judged, which allows for some interesting instrumental  detail.  The female soloists have their moments.  Lisa Larsson sings an  attractive "Verstummt, ihr holden Saiten" (BWV 198).  Anne Grimm  thrives in Coffee Cantata (BWV 211).  Still, it's hard to understand why,  for an endeavor of such importance, Koopman could not engage better female  singers.  However, Koopman's male soloists are truly outstanding.  Bass  Klaus Mertens offers a strong challenge to the marvelous Peter Kooy (a  favorite with both Herreweghe and Suzuki).  Meanwhile, tenor Paul Agnew  does not challenge anybody - as an interpreter of Bach arias he is simply  better than anybody else.  His Die Ewigkeit saphirnes Haus from Trauerode  is worth a Nobel prize in singing - if there was such a thing.   gkolomietz@yahoo.com     