 What always strikes me about Herreweghe's recordings of Bach is how balanced and refined they are.  The quality of the soloists is always matched by the quality of the chorus and the instrumental playing.  The  result is often nothing short of magic.  This disc, presenting three  cantatas from Bach's early Leipzig period, is no exception.  Yes, the  soprano and the tenor have been gently criticized for their performances  here (e.g, read the editorial review above, which basically repeats what  was said earlier by Gramophone), but my unschooled ears fail to notice the  alleged awkwardness in their sound.  The only piece on this disc that may  be termed slightly awkward is the ST duet (Ehre sei Gott in der Hohe), but  I attribute that awkwardness not so much to the singing as to the presence  of the difficult to follow cello continuo.  Bach reworked this piece from  his 1723 Magnificat in E flat, and, as sung by Bott and George on Pickett's  recording of Magnificat, it sounds just as "awkward."  It's a  beautiful piece in both versions, but the cello continuo definitely seems  to have a life of its own, leaving the piece sounding a little disjointed.   But let's rise above the trees and look at the forest.  Each of the  cantatas on this disc has a different mood, expertly captured by  Herreweghe.  The opening cantata, Das neugeborne Kindelein, based on the  melody by Melchior Vulpius, is somber and chromatic, with motet-like  movements in the lower voices.  The highlight for me was the SAT trio Ist  Gott versohnt.  The next cantata, Unser Mund sei voll Lachens, is bright  and freely-invented, with an especially masterful accomodation of the word  Lachens  ("laughter") in the opening chorus.  This cantata  features one of my favorite Bach arias Ihr Gedanken und ihr Sinnen.  The  last cantata is structurally the most interesting of the three: it is set  out in the form of a dialogue between Jesus and the soul (SB).  The overall  tone of this cantata is grave, but its underlying motive - the hope of  salvation - is uplifting (a typical Lutheran treatment of the theme of  death).  gkolomietz@yahoo.com     