 Grab this while it lasts!  This is a reissue of a 1980 recording that will remain forever unsurpassed - both because its quality is so great, and also because no one in this day and age will dare to undertake such a massive  project again.  Think about it - the entire Dufay secular output!   Listening to these songs, written more than 500 years ago, reveals how  little has changed in the intervening centuries.  Many styles and genres  came and went, but the human impulse to express emotion in a song remained  the same.  This is why these old songs remain so appealing today.  Dufay,  who was possibly the greatest composer of his time, wrote most of his  secular music in the fixed medieval forms (such as rondeau, virelais and  ballade), but his songs transcend the formalities because he was such a  remarkable melodist.  Listen to such masterpieces as Vergene Bella or  Donnes L'Assault a la Fortresse to know what I mean.  The informative  sleeve notes explain the characteristics of each style.  The recording took  into consideration the latest available musicological research into Dufay  and his times.  To cover the entire ground, some compositions are presented  here in several different versions.  Vocal and instrumental pieces  alternate to provide variety (as the notes inform, the pieces with  incomplete texts were not vocalized).  The instruments (a typical medieval  array) consist of recorders, flutes, dulcians, shawns, trumpets, rebecs and  fiddles; plus lute, harp and clavichord used for continuo.  The singers are  excellent.  The recording features half of the Hilliard (in its  then-existing roster): Rogers Covey-Crump, Paul Elliott, Paul Hillier &  Michael George.  Tenor John Elwes contributes some fine singing  (particularly in the spectacular Vergene Bella, sung solo to a fiddle and  rebec).  The only person who is perhaps not up to the highest standards is  countertenor Timothy Penrose, although his singing is definitely adequate.   On balance, a very satisfying release.  Buy!  gkolomietz@yahoo.com     