 As far as I know, there are two recordings of Morales' Missa Mille Regretz currently in the catalogue: this recording by McCreesh and a 1991 recording by the Hilliard.  These two recordings, although interpreting the same  mass, serve very different purposes.  You may want to own both of them, or  only one (well, I'm assuming you want AT LEAST one, otherwise you wouldn't  be looking at this page, right?).  If you're interested in this mass as an  art piece, all you need is the Hilliard.  However, if you're interested in  the broader context, you must own [also or only] the McCreesh.  In what has  become his signature practice, McCreesh performs this mass as part of a  church liturgy.  The music is interpolated with chants and prayers (a nice  touch, although, I must confess, after a few minutes these interporations  get a bit tedios).  The mass movements are supplemented with canzonas, the  same way recordings of Venetian vespers frequently are (these canzonas, by  Rogier, Guerrero & Cabezon, are performed on cornetts, shawns,  recorders, dulcians and an organ).  The 6-part mass, sung by a 12-person  choirs, is itself accompanied by a dulcian (which, however, appears only  intermittently).  McCreesh presents only the 1545 (probably, the final)  version of the mass.  In contrast, the Hilliard sing both the entire 1545  version, and three movements from an earlier version surviving in the 1568  Wittenberg manuscript.  I'm glad that the Wittenberg version had gotten the  Hilliard's attention because, in my humble opinion, the Wittenberg Sanctus  is actually the most beautiful part in the whole mass.  Its echoing Osannas  are mesmerizing.  Unfortunately, the Sanctus on the McCreesh is the least  successful part of the recording, with Osannas taken in a choppy, unduly  fast manner.  However, the intervening solo section between the choppy  Osannas is very beautiful.  Unlike the Gabrieli Consort, the Hilliard sing  the whole mass solo, i.e., one voice per part. Their tempi are generally  faster, but uniformly so, without the surprises such as McCreesh' Sanctus.   The singers on both recordings are excellent, with one exception.  Both  recordings share Robert Jones, whose shrill falsetto marrs the otherwise  gorgeous top line in both recordings.  That is just too bad, because his  line gets the most quotations from the famous chanson Milles Regretz.  But  don't let that dissuade you.  In addition to the mass, McCreesh' recording  also includes a beautiful motet Emendemus in melius which I'd never heard  before.  gkolomietz@yahoo.com     