 Esther, Handel's first oratorio, is often dismissed as an experimental work not worthy of serious attention.  This wonderful recording, however, demonstrates that the work, even in its earliest surviving score, has  considerable merit.  The work is based on the well-known biblical legend of  Esther, the wife of Persian King Ahasuerus, who dares to disobey Persian  law (which prohibited anyone from appearing before the king unsummoned) in  order to make a plea on behalf of her exiled people.  Because listeners  were supposed to be familiar with the legend, the oratorio is not concerned  with the logical sequence of events.  Many details of the plot are missing  and the main characters (Esther and Ahasuerus) don't even enter until  scenes four and five respectively.  Yet, despite its structural problems,  Esther is quite compelling musically.  It contains beautiful examples of  choral writing (the plaintive chorus Ye sons of Israel mourn is especially  striking).  It contains powerful dramatic confrontations between Esther and  Ahasuerus on the one hand, and Esther and Haman, on the other, with a  lyrical Esther-Ahasuerus duet tucked in between.  It contains cheerful  arias of rejoicing (just wait till you hear Tune your harps!) and pensive  arias of worship or entreaty.  The instrumental score is unusually rich  too, containing such beautiful details as obbligato harp, pizzicato strings  and Water Music-like parts for horns.  The singing is of a very high order,  as one would expect from Christophers and the Sixteen.  I don't know  whether this recording definitely surpasses its predecessor - a 1984  recording of Esther by Christopher Hogwood, but it is definitely a strong  rival.  The cast is very strong on both recordings (Hogwood had  Rolfe-Johnson, Kwella, Kirkby, Minter, Thomas, Elliott and Patridge).  My  personal picks from these two recordings are as follows: Patrizia Kwella as  Esther (Hogwood), Thomas Randle as Ahasuerus (Christophers), David Thomas  as Haman (Hogwood), Michael Chance as the Priest (Christophers), Mark  Padmore as 1st Israelite/Mordecai (Christophers), and Nancy Argenta as  Israelite Woman (Christophers).     