 The compositions collected in this set are dedicated to four Christian holidays: Easter, Ascention, Advent and Christmas.  Each of the four CD's, wonderfully realized under Herreweghe's intelligent direction, focuses on  one of the feasts. CD1:  - (a) Easter cantata "Erfreut euch, Ihr  Herzen," originally composed as a secular work, but later adapted for  the Easter celebration in Leipzig in 1724.  An interesting feature of this  cantata is a dialogue between fear and hope, personifying the complexity of  feelings experienced in anticipation of the resurrection.  (b) Easter  Oratorio, also deriving from secular material and originally designated  "cantata."  This oratorio, opening with the beautiful  instrumental Sinfonia, features a celebratory vocal interchange between the  two Marys, Peter and John. SATB: Barbara Schlick, Kai Wessel, James Taylor,  Peter Kooy. CD2: - (a) Feast of the Ascention cantatas "Gott fahret  auf mit Jauchzen" and "Sie werden euch in den Bann tun."   The first is an unusually long cantata (could easily be called an  oratorio), which is based on a six-stanza poem from the scripture - Bach  varies the lengthy piece by alternating short arias and recitatives while  keeping constant the combinations of solo voices.  The second cantata is  remarkable for its opening section combining an AT canon with a homophonic  choral line, set against a chromatic continuo. (b) Ascension Oratorio,  Bach's briefest oratorio.  It is structured as a "historia," i.e.  the narrative of the event. SATB: Barbara Schlick, Catherine Patriasz,  Christoph Pregardien, Peter Kooy. CD3: - Advent Cantatas "Schwingt  freudig euch empor," and two versions of "Nun komm, der Heiden  Heiland" (BWV 61 & 62) have each been inspired by Martin Luther's  German version of the Catholic hymn Veni redemptor gentium.  The gist of  these cantatas is the opening of one's heart to god, symbolically expressed  as the opening of doors. SATB: Sibylla Rubens, Sarah Connolly, Christoph  Pregardien, Peter Kooy. CD4: - Christmas cantatas "Das neugeborne  Kindelein," "Under Mund sei voll Lachens," & "Selig  ist der Mann."  The first two are celebratory (the tenor aria  "Ihr Gedanken" is a special treat), while the third, set out in  the 17-th century form of a dialogue between Jesus and the soul (SB), is  contemplative and filled with the londing for death. SATB: Vasiljka  Jezovsek, Sarah Connolly, Mark Padmore, Peter Kooy.     