 Vivaldi's operas are not well represented on disc.  I'm aware of only three, one of which, L'Olympiade, is a really subpar live recording.  So, to say that this recording is the best Vivaldi opera recording out there is  really not to say much.  What needs to be said is this: Ottone in Villa is  not only the best Vivaldi opera recording currently in the catalogue, but  it is a stellar recording period.  First of all, the musical material is  highly enjoyable, combining catchy tunes with imaginative instrumental  accompaniment (you will recognize the famous Vivaldian flair in many violin  passages).  Secondly, and perhaps more importantly, the cast is superb.   Whether or not the opera itself is a veritable baroque masterpiece, the  singers certainly make is sound like it is!  The structure of the opera is  simple: da capo - secco - da capo, no duets or ensembles, except for the  54-second final "chorus" in which all five singers sing a total  of four lines in unison.  But the result is far from boring (although, if  you're new to baroque opera you may want to start with something like  Handel Giulio Cesare or Rodelinda).  Within the limits of the form, all  five singers exhibit a remarkable range of expression.  Monica Groop is  perfectly at ease in the "pants" role of a naive king who is kept  in the dark by his scheming mistress.  The mistress is played by Susan  Gritton who adds a mischievous sparkle to her sweet soprano voice.  Nancy  Argenta fills another "pants" role, presenting a somewhat  confused character of Caio who keeps vying for the wrong girl but  ultimately ends up with the right one.  Sophie Daneman's seraphically pure  voice is perfect for the character of Tullia who spends most of the opera  pretending to be a man. The sole voice of reason in this madhouse is  Ottone's confidant Decio played with gusto by Mark Padmore, but even Decio  ends up being fooled.  You can tell that the story was intended to be  droll, but it is droll to a modern listener not because of a captivating  plot but despite it.  This is a stunning example of how an exciting cast of  singers can turn almost anything into an exciting listening experience.   gkolomietz@yahoo.com     