 I've heard several Handel operas under McGegan (both live and on disc) and this may well be my favorite.  It has all the elements of McGegan's style - elegance, quickish tempos, perfect rapport with the singers, and more - the  performance actually highlights the element of humor in the opera's  libretto.  Serse may not be a comedy in the modern sense of the word (the  term "melodrama" would fit better), but it is nevertheless quite  different stylistically from Handel's earlier "heroic" operas.   Serse is styled as a mixture of recitative and arioso, with the dramatic  action spilling over from the recitatives into many of the ariosos and  arias - this was an unusual feature by opera seria standards: in opera  seria, arias were usually employed to express emotion rather than action.   Most arias in Serse are also shorter than in opera seria (often without da  capo).  The characters in Serse are usually a mixture of farce and tragedy,  with only one wholly buffonic figure - Elviro.  What is truly ironic about  Serse is that it was unsuccessful in Handel's times, but now, of course, it  is one of the best known and best loved Handel operas.  The singers here  are almost uniformly wonderful.  I may have preferred Serse sung by a  countertenor but Judith Malafronte offers a convincing account of the role.   Her singing is not entirely free from vibrato but it is never out of  control.  David Thomas shows an amazing vocal versatility as Elviro - his  character is hilarious!  Lisa Milne and Dean Ely are both good as Atalanta  and Ariodate, respectively.  Susan Bickley as Amastre offers a delightfully  focused, bright tone, quite unlike the wooly sound you might expect from a  mezzo-soprano.  Her "Or che siete speranze tradite" is superb.   Brian Asawa as Arsamene is an absolute winner: his mezzo-soprano voice is  astonishingly beautiful (without a trace of artifice) and his  embellishments are the most imaginative of the whole cast.  His "Amor,  tiranno Amor" is a gem by any standards!  The only bad news is  Jennifer Smith - once a marvelous singer, she appears to be past her prime.   I found her pinched singing to be difficult to enjoy.  But don't let that  stop you from buying this otherwise remarkable recording.     