 Buy this at once!  Virgin Veritas releases go out of print unpredictably fast.  If you miss this you'll be sorry.  This is a short oratorio in two parts.  The plot tells a story of four male pilgrims - two sopranos (sung here by women, originally by castrati) and two altos - who go on a pilgrimage to Jesus's tomb in Jerusalem.  Once there, they're taken to the tomb by a guide (bass).  The guide expresses the spiritual gist of the story, sort of like a evangelist.  The first part of the oratorio is full of anticipation and rejoicing as the pilgrims approach the tomb.  This part closes with a wonderful five-part ensemble Lauda (no translation necessary).  The second part of the oratorio is a mini-passion as the pilgrims relive Jesus's life and death inside the tomb.  The guide's aria D'Aspri Legato (which commemorates Jesus's suffering under the whip of a roman soldier) is especially moving.  Wonderful melodies abound.  Some of the recitatives are accompagnato and thus are much more engaging than regular secco recitatives.  The final five-part ensemble expresses the moral of the story: on earth man is a pilgrim, and he can only find peace when he turns his steps and thoughts to god.  (I'm not trying to preach to anyone here: I'm just repeating what's in the libretto).  The words "when he turns to god" are given not to the entire chorus but to an SSA trio, for emphasis.  I'm not a huge fan of Hasse but this oratorio probably has his most magnificent music.  The singers are great.  Gerard Lesne is excellent as usual (I don't think I've ever been disappointed by Lesne, he's one of the most reliable singers out there).  Michael Chance makes a memorable contribution, even though his character is the only one without an aria.  Both sopranos are delightful.  Peter Harvey as the guide nearly steals the show, even though he only has one aria (the already mentioned D'Aspri Legato).  In this aria, Harvey brings the form of da capo aria to its total triumph: the ornaments are textbook perfect.  Don't hesitate: buy!  gggimpy@yahoo.com     