 This recording well matches its subtitle - "The great polyphony of the Renaissance."  The multi-voice works collected here are indeed the pinnacle of vocal polyphony.  I don't think anybody after Tallis wrote such  complex music for an unaccompanied choir.  From the first listen, I was  struck by the similarities between Tallis' Spem and Striggio's Ecce Beatam  Lucem.  Turns out, as the booklet informs, the similarities were not  accidental.  Striggio was first to write his 40-part motet, and it had an  extraordinary success in London.  Piqued, the British fired back, by  charging one of their best composers, Thomas Tallis, with the rebuttal  (supposedly, the request came from the Duke of Norfolk).  In the spirit of  competition, Tallis deliberately included audible references to Striggio  into his composition.  These go beyond the choice of 40 voices (in fact, as  far as I know, Spem is really for 41 voices, which is the way the Tallis  Scholars perform it).  The two compositions also share the same base key,  G, an occasional melodic quote, and the technique of accumulating  polyphony, in which voices enter one by one (or choir by choir) to  culminate in mighty multi-person chords.  Reportedly, upon hearing Tallis'  Spem, the British concluded that their side won.  Actually, I think so too.   But maybe that's only because I heard Spem so many times before, and Ecce  Beatam Lucem is new to me.  The Huelgas Ensemble sing Spem with grace and  balance.  Their version seems much slower than the Spem of the Tallis  Scholars, even though in fact the difference is only 15 seconds in a  10-minute piece (I checked).  The perception of a slower tempo must be due  to the reserved approach Van Nevel takes to Spem.  I must confess that I  much prefer the Tallis Scholars' jubilant rendition, with the dazzling  treble voices reaching up like the spires of gothic cathedrals.  The  structural hierarchy of the piece is also more evident with the Tallis  Scholars, who must have performed in less-reverberant acoustics: the  entrance of voices and the brief pauses between some movements are more  effective because they are not echoed.  In addition, while the Huelgas  recording has a constant fizz of consonants, the Tallis Scholars swallow  most consonants, in a wise recognition that no one will be able to make any  sense of the words in a 40-part vocal composition anyway.  Not only is the  blend smoother, but the result is also more consistent with the aesthetics  of the day.  Of course, this is not to criticize the Huelgas Ensemble, it's  just my opinion.  Of the other pieces on this disc I especially enjoyed  Ockeghem's amazing 36-part canon Deo Gratias.  Almost without varying the  two-word canon, Ockeghem manages to sustain the listener's attention over a  period of six minutes by manipulating the number and combination of singing  voices.  The disc also includes Giovanni Gabrieli's 16-part Exaudi me  Domine.  The group probably didn't know of the existence of Gabrieli's  33-part Magnificat, which would have been a nice addition to this disc.   You can hear it on Music for San Rocco/McCreesh, Archiv 449 180-2.     