 Requiem is not only Ockeghem's most famous work, it is also the earliest surviving polyphonic setting of the funeral mass.  Scholars suggest that the work was not written all at once, and that, in fact, it may be a  compilation of fragments from various Ockeghem's compositions.  The work's  widely diverging styles - ranging from ritualistic austerity that could  almost be attributed to Dufay to complex polyphony that was characteristic  of Ockeghem's later writing - is certainly responsible for this view.   Ockeghem's Requiem has received two remarkable renditions.  One is this  recording by the Hilliard, and the other is the award-winning recording by  the Clerks.  With all due respect for the Clerks, I think that this Requiem  from the Hilliard remains unsurpassed.  I greatly admire the Clerks as a  group (and they may well beat the Hilliard in some repertory), but when it  comes to a work like Ockeghem's Requiem, I think the Hilliards are better  suited vocally to do it full justice.  One of the main characteristics of  this work is its oscillation between solo and group sections.  Some solo  sections are gimmel duets, others combine two or three different ranges,  but in each case the more unique each voice, the better the result.  While  the Clerks offer a remarkable blend of voices as a group, they cannot match  the Hilliards in the beauty of individual voices.  To hear the magical high  tenor of RCC dancing together with the warm baritone of PH is to hear  something that cannot be replicated.  The upper voice duets are sung by DJ  and M. Chance.  Chance's participation removes some of the edge from the  top line - a detail which, I'm sure, the detractors of DJ will be happy to  know.  The Hilliards complement Ockeghem's setting of Requiem with four  plainchant sections.  PH  explains that this was done to complete the  musical logic by fully unwinding the thread of chant that underlines the  work.  The disc also includes Missa Mi-Mi, which is notable for the absence  of cantus firmus.     