 As you know, there are two historically informed recordings of Hippolyte: the Minkowski and the Christie.  There is also an older recording (not a period performance) with Janet Baker and John Shirley-Quirk, but that one's  been out of print for years.  I also have a CD in which the great Placido  Domingo bellows Ah! Faut-il, but I will spare you my complaints about how  "inauthentic" it sounds.  For a genuinely authentic Hippolyte,  listen to this recording.  As far as the role of Hippolyte goes, it is  difficult to choose between the Minkowski and the Christie.  I'm a big fan  of both Jean-Paul Fouchecourt's and Mark Padmore's, although, having  listened to them in numerous other recordings, I must say that as Hippolyte  neither turns in the performance of his career.  However, both are splendid  stage actors (speaking from a firsthand experience), so if you notice an  occasional vocal flaw in the relatively disembodied atmosphere of a studio  recording, I guarantee you, you wouldn't notice it if you were watching  these singers live.  Tenors aside, I prefer the Christie.  He chooses the  first, the original, version of Hippolyte, while Minkowski opts for the  second remake.  The difference is the most evident in the stunning second  act - the descent of Tesee into the underworld.  Les Arts Florissants as an  ensemble, headed by a haute-contre Tisiphone, are much more expressive in  this scene, than the Minkowski group.  Christie really knows how to make  these underworld scenes unfogettable: witness his skill in the invocation  of evil spirits in Medee or his poignant rendition of Charpentier's La  Descente d'Orphee aux Enfers.  Laurent Naouri as Tesee is incomparable in  Puisque Pluton, aided by Christie's imaginative split-second pauses in the  flow of the aria.  Then there is Lorraine Hunt.  The divine Lorraine Hunt,  whose luscious and tart voice is so conducive to the expression of love and  anquish that permeate both Rameau's Hippolyte and Charpentier's Medee  (another of her signature roles).  Minkowski's Phedre is great in all  respects, but Lorraine Hunt is in the league of her own.  Christie's  Hippolyte won Gramophone Best Early Opera Award in 1997 and the Cannes  Classical Award in 1998.  Minkowski's Hippolyte was also recognized: it won  a Gramophone award nomination.  You owe it to yourself to buy one of these  recordings - or both!     