 This set will delight any lover of Purcell.  Ideally, you will want all 8 CD's; but if you must pick and choose, get at least Vols 1, 2 & 8 (these contain, between them, Welcome to all the pleasures, Hail Bright  Cecilia and Come ye sons of art). Volume 1, entitled Royal and Ceremonial  Odes, was probably recorded before King knew for sure that his idea of  producing the complete chamber vocal works of Purcell would be commercially  viable.  Hence, the separate title and no mention of the volumes still to  come.  But by the time the second volume was made, the future of the  project was already mapped out.  The purpose of the project was to record  all 24 surviving odes and welcome songs of Purcell.  (This project was  later followed by a similar undertaking: an 11-CD set of all surviving  Purcell's anthems and services - of those, get at least vols 3 & 9).   By the time King was entrusted with this massive and ambitious project, he  was still in his twenties.  But King knew what he was doing.  His  assumption of the project was backed by years of research.  He even  prepared his own performing editions of the works he intended to record,  and furnished sleeve notes for each of the CD's in his Purcell series  (Later, he also wrote a book about the composer).  King's notes are  insightful, although his choice of vocabulary is somewhat peculiar and  repetitive.  The musical results are wonderful, by all accounts.  I am  especially pleased that King was able to assemble such an outstanding cast  of singers.  For me, the highlights of the series include: Arise my muse  from vol 1 (an alto solo sung by Charles Daniels); Bowman's 'Tis Nature's  Voice from vol 2 (although my all time favorite version of this air is on  the Herreweghe); alto-high tenor duet Let Caesar and Urania live from vol 3  (you should hear Bowman and Covey-Crump blend in this one!); The sparrow  and the gentle dove from vol 4 (Charles Daniels); alto-high tenor duet  Sweetness of nature from vol 6 (Bowman and Padmore); an ornate tenor duet  And now when the renowned Nassau from vol 7 (Daniels and Covey-Crump); and  the glorious high tenor solo O how blest is the isle from vol 8 (Padmore).     