 I have discovered the American Bach Soloists relatively recently, as part of my effort to familiarize myself with one-voice-per-part (OVPP)performances of Bach.  This group came recommended by Matthew  Westphal (with whom we belong to the same music discussion club) as being  among the credible proponents of the OVPP approach.  This particular  recording is not OVPP, but I got so enamoured with this group that I bought  all of their Bach recordings I could find, OVPP or not.  It also didn't  hurt that Catherine Bott and Daniel Taylor were among the soloists - I am a  big fan of both.  The first cantata on this disc, BWV 140, is full of  symbolism.  Its depiction of Christ's arrival as a proverbial bridegroom  has both the spiritual and the sensual meaning.  The spiritual finds its  expression in the upward-moving instrumental detail and the musical  metaphor of the weak soul which grows stronger with each step it takes  toward its savior.  The sensual is highlighted by the use of  "galant" musical language.  The soul and the savior are  appropriately represented by two SB duets.  The next cantata, BWV 78, is  based on a Lutheran chorale.  A chorale is a short standardized hymn  containing both a melody and a text.  The practice of congregational  singing of such hymns was instituted by Luther.  Some of these hymns were  composed by Luther himself; others were based on secular melodies; all were  translated into German.  Already democratic, these hymns were further  popularized by Bach who built them into his original cantatas, skillfully  paraphrazing many of the verses and adding stunning word painting effects.   BWV 78 is an example of such word painting, with a particularly memorable  SA duet, in which the two voices move in a close canon symbolizing the  master-pupil relationship between Christ and his follower.  The disc closes  with BWV 80 whose opening movement is one of the most impressive  chorale-based movements in Bach's entire output.  In fact, treating opening  movements as the most climactic part of the composition was quite typical  in Lutheran liturgy: since cantatas were usually followed by a sermon, the  cantatas themselves could not be too conclusory.  Centering around a canon,  the first movement of BWV 80 uses a stunning combination of the highest and  the deepest instruments, symbolically representing the all-inclusive and  ever-present power of god.  The symbolism of openness and agreement is  continued throughout the cantata: the highest and the lowest voices  (soprano and bass) are used in the three movements following the opening  chorus; the middle voices (the alto and the tenor, traditionally  responsible for cantus firmus) take over in the second part of the cantata;  and all come together in the final chorus.  Of course, the genius of Bach  transcends Lutheran context: it is helpful to know the genesis and the  meaning of these cantatas, but they are immediately enjoyable even without  preparation.  The performances here are generally of a very high order.   This is a definite "grabbit."     