 Buffy is an amazing action oozing filled romp with stunning visuals (4 out of 5), one of the best fighting engines I've ever seen (4 out of 5), top notch sound design (4 out of 5) and a character (Buffy) that's so incredibly adorable you can't help but fall in love with (5 out of 5). Few games can suck you in like Buffy for wonder machine Xbox (you just knew a vampire pun was coming didn't you?). What's truly amazing to me is that I've never watched the show, don't know anything about the characters or stars but it only took 5 minutes with this game to be helplessly drawn into their creepy, gool infested universe. The visuals are drop dead gorgeous, the character models are absolutely razor sharp, so brilliant in fact that I quite often catch myself stopping mid level to spin the camera back on Buffy to marvel at her brilliant detail and quirky fully animated facial expressions that seem to say with some annoyance 'I know I'm cute but would please in the name of all that's holy, get on with the bloody game already?' And bloody it is, but not to a distracting fault, sure you get to kick the undead stuffing out of a fair share of teenage mutant vampires and crush the bones of zombie skeletons to dust with relish but it's very tasteful and the lighting and graphic effects that follow the evil doers demise only leave you screaming for much, much more and you get it. The environments and lighting are striking, the camera is solid and although it can leave your back uncovered from time to time it's never enough to distract from the over all glory of the visuals and game play. And the attention to detail from school hallways with trashcans ablaze to goose bump-inducing cemeteries is WAY above par. The action is driven along by great music; the stunning soundtrack taunts your pounding heart with every step you take and corner you turn, with ambient sound used to great effect, filling every hallway and outdoor venue with chirping crickets, distant wailing train horns, creepy creaks, groans The weapon's are quirky and cool, ranging from the obvious vampire stopping stakes, racks, cross bow and skull crushing shovels (very cool). Buffy's control also offer a buffet of options for throwing, kicking, spinning and my favorite the double kick, spin Matrix bad guy smash!  The play is just difficult enough to keep it fresh and drive you on with making you pull your hair out in frustration, with level bosses offering fair but beatable resistance. And there's just enough save points allow you an occasional and much needed potty break.  Buffy's a blast, Buffy's great silly fun and to top it off a pleasure to look at and play. Matter of fact the only thing that keeps Buffy from earning 5 stars is that she can't cure cancer.     