 Way back in the olden days I played a game called Driver for PC (what a rush), car physics were funky and cool, Miami at night was moody and mysterious and the cop chases... well for get about it, it was great!  And all that painful pop-up?  Come on it was 1998 after-all.  Well here we are, it's 2004, Driv3r has been loooong awaited by those of us who adored the first offering from Reflections and now that we have it, all I can say is... "what the h#ll?!"  I'll only review this on the graphics merits, so if you like the game play and can numb yourself to the absolutely pathetic textures look away now.  Talk about pop-up, "holy.. where did that car come from Batman", the AI vehicles (not to mention buildings trees, power poles and peds) appear out of nowhere not more than a block away at times, they don't fade in, they just appear like some crazy magic trick.  Textures tear and flicker and quite frequently disappear all together just to reappear again.  Now mind you the lighting effects are beautiful (note Miami at dusk bathed in that golden tropical glow), but there is absolutely very little draw distance and the unbelievable amount of graphics glitches that are found at ever turn are utterly disappointing and inexcusable, they may have passed muster back in the day but not at a time when Project Gothem 2 and Grand Tourismo rule the roads.  I went back and ran PG2 and recounted Wreckless last night just to make sure I wasn't being too hard on poor old Driv3r but I came away being even harder on it.  Great video games start with (can you imagine) great graphics!  Call me a graphics geek but if a title can't draw me in visually then the journey for me and that title will be a short one.  How the creative teams at Reflections and finally Microsoft let this pass to distribution with so many bugs to work out is beyond me, Xbox has so much riding on the quality of the games to sell itself that allowing such a shoddy example of workmanship find a place on store shelves is inexcusable.  On the upside however Driv3rs' opening cut scene is the most cinematic I've ever seen, and frankly stunning!  The levels (cities) are huge and exacting in their detail but the clipping and over-all poor graphics execution relegates what could have easily been one heck of a game to the "should-a, could-a, would-a" file.   Simply put... I was expecting so much more and got far less than I could have ever imagined from Driv3r and how sad.     