 As a video producer/director/creative director for Electric Light Orchestra Pt2 (Access All Areas) and The Orchestra I am humbled by this absolutely inspired and astonishing masterpiece.  The only way to honestly describe Depeche Modes One Night In Paris is to say it's a near religious experience.  What Anton Corbijn manages to capture over the course of this soaring visual and musical feast leaves me truly speechless and is a testament to the power, sincerity, depth and charisma of Depeche Mode.  And with each moment that slips by, Mr. Corbijns' vision and craft as a filmmaker clearly illustrates why Depeche Mode (along with so many other bands) have stayed loyal to his vision for so many years.   I was fortunate to the have witnessed this show first hand in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and can tell you in hind sight I wished I'd paid for front row tickets (why didn't I?  Well to be honest and it's embarrassing to say I was trying to save a buck) and I deeply regret now that I didn't go for the better seats.  Needless to say I've spent a lot of time in the wings at concerts but this show was a truly stunning exhibition in person and on DVD.  Dave Gahan's soulful vocal pleas and commanding, aerobic stage presence are like an evangelical preacher exalting the crowd in one breath and taunting the powers of hell in another.  His performance like a musical Svengali is all at once heartbreaking and exhilarating, joyful and gut wrenching.  And it's through his masterful handling of the notes that we are witness to the true genius of Martin Gores' talents as a song writer.  Never before (and I mean never) have audiences been exposed to a more intimate revealing of one mans soul through words and music.  If Martin is simply trying to find words that rhyme he's a poetic magician, if the words do in fact come from out there somewhere, then he's nothing short of touched by the very hand of God.  I suspect we may be witnesses to a bit of both.   Technically the DVD is gorgeous; pictures on a small screen have never appeared so larger than life.  As an art director Anton is a true craftsman and visionary, unlike anyone in the industry he has the uncanny ability to paint light and images on a stage and TV screen with the delicate touch of an artist painting with oils or the pounding relentlessness of a mental patient tearing a canvas to shreds with a ballpoint pen.  The sound is thick and razor sharp, the performances are tight and explosive and the extras on disc 2 (consisting of interviews and production art and videos) are quirky, revealing and a very nice touch indeed.  One Night In Paris is so radiant, honest and inspired, that you may want to pause and thank God Dave Gahan beat his demons so we mere mortals can bare witness to such humbly offered greatness.   Maybe in my next life I'll be lucky enough to have another Depeche Mode to work with and a One Night In Paris to put in the DVD player and call my very own, until then however I guess I'll just have to find satisfaction in the fact that something so great can be had for such a small price.     