 In the wise words of Don Imus... "I've never met a smart person who didn't have a sense of humor."   I say amen to that and quite honestly reckon that what we witnessed on our TV screens for what now seems like 9 very short seasons was a sort of pure, "whipped up out there somewhere in the stars" kind of entertainment genius that TV in it's current apocalyptic preoccupation with reality dribble and cookie cutter sit-coms may sadly never capture again.  But thank the almighty we can now unleash this comedic lightning in a bottle whenever we need a crack like fix of "nothing" by just dropping a DVD into a tray, dimming the lights and pretending it's Thursday night in 1991 all over again.  You know honestly I'm a bit suspicious as to the motives of people who would waste their time writing a review about something they obviously don't get and know very little about, I know "nothing" and subtlety are hard concepts to grasp sometimes but if you let yourself go and quit waiting for someone to lead you to the "one-liners" to drink you might just appreciate the fact that Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David figured that the audience was smart enough to get "it" without "it" being shoved down their collective throats.  They understood that the laughs and loyalty they would earn by not dumbing the whole process down by resorting to pathetic ratings period tricks like offering viewers "an emotional Seinfeld we'd never forget" or having Elaine and George get married in the season finale' to find out next season it was all just some twisted dream sequence would be much more rewarding in the end.  I guess it's sort of like when they say you should never talk about politics or religion at a dinner party, I think I'll ad Seinfeld to that list, bottom line is, if people don't get it, they never will so why argue the facts?  It's just a dirty shame they find themselves prisoners of such a bleak humorless little rock of a planet.  Now as far as the DVD goes, even without the fantastic extra's (which go to 11) it's Seinfeld on DVD... `nough said!  Heck I would have been satisfied if they'd released it dubbed in Bulgarian and had packaged the whole thing in smelly old mildew ravaged newspaper!  And that thing about smart people having a sense of humor... I guess the fact that I love this DVD and can't get enough Seinfeld makes me a freaking genius, a genius that can't spell mind you, but a genius that knows how to laugh!     