 Looking down from this high perch in 2005 Seinfeld's cosmic success is easy to take for granted but as I watched the behind the scenes material and episodes (The Bubble Boy, The Contest, The Junior Mint to name but a few classics) included in season 4, I was reminded of how risky and cutting edge Seinfeld was way back in the "olden days."  The fact that the one liners and gags have held up and stayed so fresh over the years is an amazing testament to the creative instincts of Larry David, Jerry Seinfeld and the entire cast and crew.  And what other real life sitcom creators could have been so incredibly naive as to actually do a season story arc about producing a fictitious show about the show we were already watching and then to come right out and admit that it was in fact; "...a show about nothing!"  In essence the emperor had no cloths and we loved it!  To borrow a phrase from Banya, Season 4 is "Gold Jerry... gold!" and truly marks the moment in the shows history when everyone hit their stride like a runner finding their second wind not to mention the fact that we get more of Jerry and George's parents, Susan, Uncle Leo, Newman, Del Boca Vista... more everything! The chemistry and craft seems so effortless and magical it's hard to imagine anything like it happening again.  Simply put Seinfeld redefined the sitcom and defined water-cooler chat without anyone getting pregnant, suffering from cancer, running for politics or getting naked (although they sure talked about it a lot) and the credit goes to a group of people who were able to throw caution to the wind rather than holding their collective fingers into the air to see which way the network trends were blowing.  On the technical side the mastering in HD is fantastic (the shows have never looked or sounded better), the extra's (including a short documentary on season 4) are gloriously insightful and funny, it's like attending some twisted family reunion filled with faces you haven't seen in years.  And the "bloopers" (running at just under 22 minutes) are an entire show about nothing unto themselves! The planets and stars were certainly aligned when the players in the Seinfeld universe collided and I image it will be at least another thousand TV years or so before such a celestial event happens again.     