 BUYER BEWARE:  Although it has always confounded me why some software developers insist on setting system requirement so low when in fact you need a much larger to machine to just get a title up and running (smoothly)... it's not lost on most people why they do it, simply put they need to get gamers into the seats.  So what if they have to stretch the truth a bit to sell units, after all, if the program will at least load at the stated system requirements who's hurt right?  To be honest the developer, publisher and consumer.  Now there's no question our friends at Microsoft develope the best flight sim programs in the world (I gave Flight Sim 2002 5 stars) but stand by for the dirty little truth about Flight Sim 2004, at the bare minimum system requirements of...  Windows 98/2000/XP/Me, Pentium 450 or greater processor, 64 MB RAM for 98/Me, 128 MB RAM for 2000/XP, 8 MB/3-D with DirectX 7.0 or later videocard, 1.8 GB hard drive space,  (as stated on the pretty tin box) it's questionable if you could run it at all.  I tested it on a PII 450, 256 MB Ram, Win 98 machine with a 32 MB ATI video card with current drivers and found that I couldn't leave the ground at more than 4-8 frames per second (fps) or cruise at more than 11 or 12 fps with settings a rock bottom!  The world outside my cockpit was jagged and twisted as my 777 chugged painfully through the not so friendly skies like a wounded wildebeest trying in vain to outrun a charging cheetah!  Now if you've got the flight sim bug and are ready to plunk down a heap of cash on the latest greatest that Microsoft has to offer in flight simming but you don't have a high end machine (say a P4, 2.2 GHZ, XP machine with at least 256 MB of ram and a huge, very fast hard drive) to launch your pretty aluminum cylinder into the stratosphere take a deep breath and spend less on more... Flight Sim 2002, which on the test machine I mentioned above runs fairly smoothly (16fps-40fps +) with options set nominally, it may not be quite as gorgeous as you'd like but at the very least it will run and will no doubt allow you to get your feet wet until Christmas when you get that mother of all gaming machines you've been hinting at all year long. P.S.  Dear Microsoft, how about listing the your recommended system requirements?  After all, not everybody's as well off as Billy Gates.  :-)     