 Wouldn't you know it that yours truly (the Producer and Director of Access All Areas) would be one of the last to know that AAA had been released on DVD.  But after a quick call to our friends at BMG Special Products I had a  promo copy in my hot little hands in no time flat and what a relief!    I  must say, I've always been a mortal enemy of any tape format, there are so  many limitations to it that the end result ultimately leaves me wanting  much more, the DVD version of Access All Areas fills that void quite  nicely.  In all honesty a project of this type should never be released on  anything other than DVD for two reasons, the picture and sound quality are  spot on, like the effect I put on some interview voices to give them an  aged effect.  The method in the madness really shines through.  And let's  be honest, once you've sat through the story it's nice to have the option  of clicking right to the brilliant musical performances this DVD offers.    On the down side, I had hoped BMG would have taken it on themselves to blow  up the cover art (as in explosion!) and do it again but ya know, it's just  cover art isn't it? Seeing Access on DVD has taken the squirm out of my  seat when I pop it in to revisit the wonderful experience of producing the  project.  It works so much better on DVD in fact that it's hard to imagine  anyone having to sit through it on VHS, that's not to say however that if  you only have a VCR you shouldn't get the video version, it's just that the  DVD really hits the mark. But one note of caution to ELO purists (you know  who you are), if you're expecting to see Jeff Lynne shedding a tear or two  over the good old days or clips from all those old Electric Light Orchestra  videos (some classic and some quite dreadful) you wont find them here.   Access looks back at the history of the band from the Move to the present.   It contains some of the most candid and in-depth interviews ever given by  ELO founding member and drummer Bev Bevan as well as ELO members past and  present including Mik Kaminski, Louis Clark, Kelly Groucutt, Eric Troyer  and Phil Bates (who left the band in 1998).   And obviously there's the  brilliant music, several full length performances of Jeff's biggest hits,  including Do Ya, Showdown, Turn To Stone, Standing in the Rain and Don't  Bring Me Down as well as ELO pt2 classics like Don't Wanna all performed  before a huge audience on their 1995 Australian tour.  You also get  out-takes of the band going over classic ELO material in rehearsal and  exclusive music videos of two great ELO pt2 tracks, Ain't Necessarily So  and All Fall Down, which I directed (the latter's principal shots being  filmed in front of a TV screen in Eric's Chicago hotel room).  Not to  mention, some great behind the scenes footage, it's really ELO like nobody  has ever seen or heard them before.  It's for that reason AAA gets 4 stars  from me, because it's not about the production as much as it is about the  music and the band, and for 58 minutes the guys prove once and for all why  they have succeeded and survived for over 25 years. So if you're an ELO or  ELO pt2 fan or you're just a fan of great music, the price tag on this DVD  seems a small price to pay for such a big slice of rock history. Enjoy the  show! Cheers, George     