 What the giants at Microsoft have managed to accomplish with Flight Simulator 2002 is simply astounding! Gone are the resource eating and maddening slide shows offered in FS 2000, which for the record, I loathed (hate is such a strong word isn't it?). What we get in turn is a highly and richly detailed virutal world (from the planes to the terrain) that is guaranteed to make even the hardened heart of the most jaded flightsimer soar!  Straight out the gate FS 2002 pulls away from the pack with an untouchable collection of options and tweaks and it's in these tweaks that we find what truly makes it shine. The system requirements (as stated on the box) are a PII 300mhz machine, with 64mb of RAM and a 8mb video card, now that may get you flying but it's fair to say that to take full advantage of every beautiful pixel FS 2002 has to offer, you'd better be packing a mighty big stick indeed, like say a P4, 1.8 ghz machine with a truck load of ram (256 plus) and a 64mb video card. That said however the endless options FS 2002 offers, makes it quite friendly to middle of the road machines. My PII 450mhz system for instance with 256 Mb of RAM and a 32mb ATI Rage 2000 Xpert Pro video board gets me into the air nicely thank you with an average rate of 14 frames per second on the low end to over 30 on the high end. And although the graphics options for my system need to sit toward the lower end of the spectrum FS 2002 is still nothing short of breathtaking! From it's use of satellite ground imagery (roads and landmarks are accurately rendered), auto generated scenery, textures, shadows, lighting and finely detailed airports, buildings and even trees (which intensify the sensation of speed near the ground) to it's amazing AI and voice commands from airtraffic control calling out directions and commands from any of 20,000 airports, everything stitches tightly together for a simulated flying experience that simply makes you forget your sitting at your desk top. The cabins of the aircraft are now virtual 3D environments, sinking you deeper into the sensation of actually commanding some of the worlds most famous and powerful aircraft. Nice additions to the FS series are a floatplane and the mother of all commercial work horses the 747-400, Microsoft also threw in an F4U-1A Corsair, which is not listed on the box, nice bonus.  If there are in fact down sides to FS 2002, I've missed them (or over looked them) while exploring the heights of this remarkable simulation. No I take that back, it would be even better if I had a more powerful machine!  Now if you've got the system speed and hard drive space (at over 700mb it took nearly 20 minutes to load) prepare yourself for the ride of your life (but be sure to upgrade your drivers first). FS 2002 is a winner, making you wonder if they could manage such amazing visual miracles with this one, what can we look forward to 5 or 10 years down the road, wow!     