 Greatness is something that transcends mere words, like what really makes a hero a hero, being in the right place at the wrong time and mearly doing what you have to do or volunteering to do the impossible, knowing the odds are against you, knowing that you may have to pay the ultimate price for something you've committed to do.  Hero's are born out of honor and commitment; a heroic act rises far above our understanding or the understanding of those who commit them... we're talking about a video game right?  Well, not exactly but as we are coincidentally about to, what does make a video game great, what gives one that illusive "Wow Factor!"?   Does EA's Medal of Honor Frontline for Xbox have it, lets discuss shall we?    EA's Metal of Honor Frontline has been wrapped in the flag for months now, hailed as one of the greatest first person shooters of all time and I must admit, I fell victim to the hype and the demo's and as a veteran marketing professional, I can assure you I am skeptical and cautious about the choices I make based on hype but I have to admit, I fell for this one hook line and sinker.  What we're led to believe about MOHF it that it takes us places few men with any concern for self preservation would dare to go, we're lured into the promise that we'll stand shoulder to shoulder with boys who became men of greatness yet what EA has managed to do is water down some of the most powerful events of WW2 into a video game and even as a video game it falls flat when transposed against all the hype.   The Achilles heal of MOHF is that it, like so many other decent Xbox games is a PS2 port, the graphics are murky and lack luster.  The visuals are a complete disappointed compared to what the Xbox offers in so many other stunning titles; Splinter Cell, Enclave, Project Gotham, Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee or even the visually stunning but non-game Shrek.  As a matter of fact the textures are just plain flat, Dreamcast could have easily offered much better so the fact that we Xbox owners rubbed our hand together impatiently waiting for this version of MOHF is a disappointment to be sure. Game play is just that, game play; the immersion goes only as far as the next herd of Nazi's you have to mow down around every corner, although to be fair, the D-Day invasion is tense and (for a game) stunning, but beyond that it's all just simple run and gun, with very little concern for strategy and stealth, which at their basic levels are important factors in the survival of any man put to the test on the Frontlines. Frame rates are solid and the musical score is brilliant, it could easily have been lifted from the some of the best features on the big screen but beyond that MOHF's use of one of mankind's most epic struggles as a backdrop is simply and sadly a gimmick dressed up in surplus military cloths like a bunch of ten year old kids playing war in the backyard. Where a game like MOHF should at the very least make my guts turn at the notion of the high price paid by so many young men praying to just make it through another second alive not to mention home in one piece, it leaves me cold and empty wondering how those same boys that paid the ultimate price on those cold beaches would feel knowing teenage boys not much younger than themselves were making a game out of their sacrifice.  And although paying the sticker price for a game like MOHF can hardly be described as paying the ultimate price, what you get for the money, sure does sting a little in the area around your wallet and I don't even get a Purple Heart for that.     