 I've always rejected the term "fan" as it's derived from that creepy word fanatic so what do you call someone who's entire perception of music was changed by one band and one album and will never be the same, crazy? Then commit me. Cheap Trick's debute album flew in the face of everything that was wrong with rock music in the late seventies (and frequently still is), pompous, arrogant and overblown. In one fell swoop the boys from Rockford changed all the rules and like Sherman to the sea set about a scorched earth policy that would make the General proud. What can be said about Robin Zanders vocals on this disc, on The Ballad of TV Violence he's a caged banshee relentlessly tearing at our ear drums and making us beg for mercy and more, while on Mandocello he takes us to some dark melodic place and shows us how to feel his pain. Rick Nielsen's master strokes of song craft and bone jarring riffs gave all of us junior high geeks a reason to beleive that maybe, if we ate our vegetables and said our prayers, we could grow up to be a guitar hero just like Rick. Ah, Bun E., coolest cat behind a drum kit with the uncanny knack of impersonating the sound of a jack hammer on concrete, nuff said! And oh the sweet growning and moaning of Tom Petersson's twelve string bass, while the rest of the world was having trouble with only four strings, Tom single-handedly informed wanna be bass players everywhere that maybe it was time to put the damn thing away and get a real job. Cheap Trick is everything that was right about the Sex Pistols, E.L.O., Sweet and the Move and at the same time made it painfully clear what they lacked, it made us realize what we were missing with everything else we listened to. It's the greatest non-live, live performance ever captured on tape. The tunes are irreverent, mind numbing, singable, screamable and perfect from start to finish. Dare yourself not to sing along with He's A Whore or Oh, Candy and it will be just another resolution you can't keep. If NASA were to have a mind to shoot one CD into space as a representation of everything that is right and good about American music this would be the one, and who could resist a higher intelligence belting out Hot Love?! The truth is out there and it is Cheap Trick. For over twenty years Cheap Trick has reminded us that it's time to get over ourselves a little and with this, there very first album, they've shown us that throwing caution to wind can be a little scary sometimes but it's always one hell of a ride!     