 Before I start, I should advise that my version of this spotlight has a grey metal body with black plastic trim.  There are several other variations I have seen; (red/black, "safety yellow", blue/white, camo).  The functional differences appear to be these:    The position of the area light feature.    The grey model is aluminum; I think the others are all plastic.  I am writing this review after my initial inspection of the spotlight.  The light is currently on its initial charge cycle; I will come back and complete the review when I have had an opportunity to examine the bulb performance and battery life.  First, let me say this this thing is _huge_.  The pictures simply do not express the monster size of this lamp.  The dimensions, as quoted from the owner's manual:     Height: 12 in (base to top)    Width: 7.4 in (across front of beam reflector assembly)    Length: 9 in (front to back of spotlight head)  This lamp is probably larger than most automotive emergency kits can accomodate.  Still, I can think of no better lamp to have in a roadside emergency, and that makes it worth working around the bulk.  I keep it in my car's trunk, in a large rubbermaid storage bin that accomodates both the lantern and several essentials for emergency repairs (fluids, a toolkit, etc.).  Some users may find the weight an annoyance.  This lamp weighs in at a hefty 7.8 pounds, and may be uncomfortable to hold for extended periods.  Given that most of the weight comes from the two lantern batteries, I will be disappointed if the lantern does not boast considerable battery life (I will return to report on battery life after the first charging cycle).  The spotlight is powered by two rechargeable 6V lead-acid lantern batteries.  The first resides in the spotlight's base, adding weight where it's needed to maintain freestanding stability.  The second battery is in the top, and while this does lend the unit a semi-topheavy balance, I don't think it would fall over except in a high wind.  The spotlight body is made of aluminum, which I found particularly impressive (as I expected plastic).  Although this adds to the spotlight's already considerable weight, I think it's a great trade off for a heavy-duty lantern like this.  The front and back of the spotlight are molded plastic "safety caps" (as they are called by the owner's manual).  These I am not impressed with, as a "safety cap" should protect the unit.  Cheap plastic offers no significant protection, and given the weight of this unit, the "safety cap" will undoubtedly break if it is ever dropped.  I think these provide more marketing hype than they do actual safety.  That being said, no lamp like this will survive unscathed if dropped from any significant height, so just don't drop it.  The big lens at the front of the lamp is surrounded by a protective rubber bezel.  I think the bezel is hefty enough to absorb most normal shocks, and provides the best protection possible without compromising beam projection.  This light would be made far superior if Vector exchanged the plastic "safety caps" for more rubber like the excellent front bezel.  The spotlight can be held by the pistol-grip style handle (I prefer the basket-style handles of some of the competing lamps, but it's a small compromise for what is overall a much better lantern).  The spotlight also comes with a shoulder strap, which may make the weight a bit easier to cope with.  Of course, it can also be left freestanding (though there is no way to angle the lantern up or down to illuminate a higher or lower work area).  The lantern has a 12 V receptacle in the front for running anything that can be plugged into your car's cigarette lighter (cell phones and the like).  The safe current limit of this receptacle is 10 amps.  A small rubber boot closes over the receptacle when not in use.  This boot could have used a redesign, as it does not fit tightly inside the receptacle (it merely flops in and out with no insertion or removal force).  This reduces the weather resistance of the spotlight; hardly an oversight one expects in a light advertised by Vector to be "water resistant".  Annoying, but fixable with a bit of weatherproof sealing tape.  The back of the light has a three-position switch:     1.  area light    2.  single (one bulb lit - 1.5 million CP)    3.  twin (both bulbs lit - 3 million CP)  The area light is more of a gimmick than a useful accessory.  It's not bright enough to light up an area of any meaningful size.  This fact means that anyone who needs both the spotlight and area light functions will end up buying a separate area light anyway, thus making its inclusion here redundant (though its inclusion does not detract from the quality of the excellent spotlight).  The spotlight is activated by sliding the rear selector switch to "single" or "twin" and squeezing the trigger.  Sadly, the trigger does not lock "on" and "off"; as soon as you release it, the spotlight goes out.  This is particularly disappointing, as the owner's manual advertises this as a "simple two-position lock trigger".  The diagrams in the manual even show a lock switch on the side of the pistol grip that is mysteriously absent from my model.  If this trigger locks, I can't figure out how (and the manual doesn't specify).  The primary benefit of having a freestanding spotlight is the ability to ignite it, point it at your work area, and walk away.  This frees both hands to work while the light provides illumination.  I plan on resolving this by strategic application of a plastic zip tie.  Not a perfect solution, but better than trying to change a tire with my right hand while balancing an 8 pound spotlight in my left.  The spotlight may be recharged by two methods:     12V / 500mA AC adaptor (included)    12V DC car cigarette lighter adaptor (included)  The instructions indicate a full charge cycle requires about 24 - 30 hours, and warns not to charge for more than 36 hours.  This suggests that no overcharge protection circuitry was included in the AC adaptor's design (bummer).  Fortunately, the base of the lantern has four LEDs that progressively indicate the current battery charge level.  When all four LEDs are lit, disconnect the charger.  The charging instructions repeatedly offer the dubious advice to recharge the batteries after every use (even on a partial discharge).  What I know of Ni-Cad rechargeables tells me they should be drained completely prior to recharging, but I don't know if the same principle applies to lead-acid batteries.  Curiously, the AC and DC adaptors each use separate connections on the back of the spotlight.  I assume this is attributable to 2 factors:     1.  The AC adaptor is a trickle charger (a full charge takes over 20 hours).  The DC (cigarette lighter) adaptor charges in 3 - 5 hours.    2.  The AC adaptor can only recharge the batteries, while the DC adaptor can recharge the batteries and simultaneously power the spotlight (if your car's cigarette lighter can pump out the required 15 amps -- enough to nuke most cigarettes).  Both of the recharge connections are exposed to the elements (no rubber caps to speak of).  This is another unfortunate oversight in a lamp that claims to be "water resistant".  Vaguely annoying, but again, correctable with a bit of weatherproof sealing tape.  The lamp bulbs are a pair of automotive fog lamps (type H3 quartz halogen - 12V / 55W), easily found at any auto parts store.  I purchased a pair of extra bulbs at Wal Mart for $8 (though you can spend up to $40/pair if you want the fancy blue ones).  Unfortunately, changing the bulbs cannot be done without a Phillips screwdriver, which may be inconvenient if a bulb dies when no tools are available to disassemble the lamp housing.  Consider it just one more reason to keep a toolkit in your car.   Pros:  Cool LED charge level indicator. Solid aluminum construction. 12 total amp-hours of battery capacity. Freestanding. Handy 12V DC accessory charging receptacle. Includes convenient carrying strap.  Cons:  Trigger does not lock, despite manufacturer's claim. Not as water-resistant as advertised. Portability is limited with a lamp this large. No way to angle the lamp head up or down in freestanding operation. Apparently useless area lamp feature. No toolless bulb replacement. AC adaptor has no overcharge protection circuit. 12V charging receptacle boot cover is a poor fit.  Despite the numerous minor complaints I have about the design of the Sport Spot, I am still very satisfied with my purchase.  All of the flaws I've observed are either minor or easily corrected (or both).  I have examined the competitors carefully, and I am confident this is the best lantern to stow in your car's emergency kit.  I will review the following aspects of the lamp's performance, and I will return to complete this review once I have gathered more info on:     1.  Brightness    2.  Battery life    3.  Cost of replacement batteries    4.  Support (yes, Vector offers a toll-free support line; and I intend to try it out)  -sean henning     