 Pros: Style Thorough Filtering  Cons: Not shatter resistant Average manufacturing quality Disorganized instructions  Bottom Line: A great looking pitcher and a good way to keep your water clean.  Highly recommended.  I picked up a pitcher and set of 4 extra filters at Wal Mart.  I won't tell you the price (it fluctuates), but suffice it to say it is comparable to that on Amazon.  The obvious attraction to this filter is the stylish design.  It looks more like a work of art than a common household object, but isn't so exotic as to look out of place in your fridge.  The deep crystal blue filter tray is very attractive, and easy to see through the transparent pitcher body.  My only complaint is the odd, slightly mismatched gull grey lid (perhaps a deep grey or charcoal would have better matched the deep blue of the filter tray?).  At any rate, overall this is definitely the best looking filter pitcher currently available.  The pitcher fits easily into the refridgerator door, though you can place it on the shelf if your door pockets are too shallow.  The front of the filter tray has two plastic notches designed to retain the tray during pouring.  They are inconspicuous, and make it very difficult to remove the tray if you don't notice them.  Not a big deal, but a note that could have been added to the manual.  Initial impressions of material and manufacturing quality are average.  There was a lot of plastic flash (little plastic threads that should have been removed before packaging) on my unit, which were easily removed in the initial washing.  The pitcher is constructed of a hard, brittle plastic that will easily shatter if the pitcher is dropped, and will probably chip or crack if it is bumped too hard against any solid object.  It would have made more sense to make the pitcher out of a softer, more shatter-resistant plastic (such as the type used by Rubbermaid containers).  The prep instructions were a bit unclear and disorganized (especially the diagrams, which seemed to be placed in arbitrary order).  Once I had the pitcher in my hands, it was obvious enough how to prep it.  Prep takes only 15 minutes, and includes washing the unit and immersing the filter to reach saturation before initial use.  An empty pitcher filters a full tray in ~12 minutes; not bad for gravity feed.  You may want to discard the first 1 or 2 trays full, as they carry loose carbon particles out of the filters.  Filtration takes longer if the pitcher is partially full, as the backpressure created by the filtered water counteracts gravity as it pulls fresh water through.  Filling the pitcher takes about 3 full trays of fresh water (I don't recommend filling more than 2, to avoid spilling).  You must wait until the filter tray is (almost) empty before using the pitcher, as fresh water will spill out of the filter tray during pouring, and mix with the filtered water (defeating the purpose of filtration).  Though there are several details of using the pitcher that require more attention than a regular (non filtered) pitcher, all of them are part of the normal routine for using filtered water (and minor inconveniences you would cope with using any filtered pitcher).  Overall, this is not only one of the best looking pitchers on the market, but it also uses the most thorough filtration.  I am happy with mine, and I believe you will be happy with yours.  Highly recommended.  NOTE: water filters are very effective at removing what they're designed for, but probably have little (if any) effect on anything else.  If you have specific water quality problems (hard water, etc.), a filter pitcher may not help, and bottled water (or a more expensive reverse osmosis system) may be a better solution.     