 I bought this router hoping that some of the quality in Cisco's excellent enterprise-market routers would have worn off on adopted child Linksys.  Unfortunately, my experience has me convinced that Linksys is a red-headed stepchild (my apologies to all you red-heads) who has learned very little from its adoptive parent.  That being said, the router does work out of the box, and it is probably about par for current market offerings on home-network routers.  My perusals of the DSL reports hardware forums have left me with the impression that all sub-$300 routers on the market suffer their quirks and behavioral anomalies, and this one is certainly no exception.   Pros:  This router is configured to work right out of the box.  You can pretty much just connect the cables and turn it on, and have functional connectivity without ever looking at a configuration screen. The HTML-based configuration interface is incredibly easy to use.  You don't have to learn one single command line to configure this router. Default configuration was stealth mode -- meaning the router did not respond to _any_ unsolicited connection requests, forming a protective "black hole" on my IP for most uninvited packets.  Cons:  Not all of the features worked out of the box.  Several of the links in the HTML command pages simply did not link to anything.  Strange that Linksys would ship the firmware without at least taking 30 minutes to hide the links that don't point to anything. Turning on the poorly documented "firewall" feature causes the router to respond irregularly to unsolicited connection requests.  Sometimes the router responds "port closed" to all requests.  Sometimes it responds "port closed" to some and "port open" to others (the set of which does not remain consistent from one trial to the next).  Never does it maintain the stealth operation of its default configuration (with "firewall" inactive).  I'm not sure how the "firewall" in this router is configured to behave, but my initial tests suggest it is more security hindrance than feature. The router's DHCP functionality works great -- when it works.  It mysteriously disengages at random intervals, requiring a reboot (and sometimes a flash to factory defaults) to remedy. Flashing a new BIOS image is risky; router failure during a flash means shipping the router back to the manufacturer - or File13, if the warranty is out.  For what it's worth, I am still using this router.  It serves its basic purpose, and while its functionality issues are annoying, there are workarounds for all of them.  I probably will not buy another Linksys, but the problems with this one aren't annoying enough to warrant a return.  -sean henning     