 Appearance/Aesthetic: The mouse is a neutral-ish blue and grey that fits well in a cozy home office.  Good fit for a comfortable workstation with a layed-back atmosphere.  Not a good fit for a LAN party, someone who likes sexy high-tech looking toys, or a workstation with an ultra-contemporary style.  When the mouse is not moving, a barely-noticeable red glow emerges from its underside.  The mouse responds to movement by substantially brightening this glow.  Yes, this mouse is equipped with ground effects.  I don't understand it either.  There is a small "bull's-eye" logo that glows in red on the tail end of the mouse.  If you like the reddish glow emerging from beneath the mouse, you may be more pleased with the Logitech 3-button optical mouse (B0000659A7).  The bottom and both sides of this Logitech mouse glow bright red.  If you prefer _no_ light emerging from beneath the mouse, consider the Logitech MX310 (B0000A1GOF).  The MX310 side panels have no transparency, and none of the underside light is visible unless the mouse is raised off the mousing surface.   Ergonomic/Functional: The mouse is not as light as the el-cheapo bargain basement mice, but not as heavy as a "performance" mouse (you know the kind; it has 15 buttons and looks like the remote control to the BattleStar Gallactica).  The click pressure on the first and second buttons is moderate. The scroll wheel movement is _very_ light, which makes pressing down on the scroll wheel (actuating the middle button) slightly awkward.  The scroll wheel material is hard plastic with a corrugated surface for traction (I found the smooth surface of Logitech's "rubbery" scroll wheel to be more comfortable).  As the shape of your hand is a huge ergonomic factor, the best check of this is a trip to your local CompUSA/Office Depot/Best Buy/Whatever to test drive the floor models.   Pros:  Works with my KVM (Iogear MiniView Plus 2 port PS/2 + audio: ASIN B0000512HI). Overall impression of quality is high.  The mouse isn't as light as the bargain-basement optical mice.  Cons:  Doesn't glide as easily as I prefer (the four corner-positioned glide pads seem a bit on the sticky side). The packaged "Getting Started" card suggests using PS/2 over the USB connection, but offers no explanatory details.  While this cryptic comment isn't a direct criticism of the mouse, it does make you wonder why Microsoft suggests the PS/2 connection superior.     