 Let me think...  It was about 4 months ago I sat in a small Pizza shop in Savannah GA, staring at my waitress' shirt.  It showed a large elephant-like skeleton with the large words: MASTODON hanging over it.  I promptly asked her what band that was, being the constant ambitionist music discover I am.  "Oh, they're a metal band from Georgia.  I used to know their drummer when they played around here."  I sort of brushed it off though.  I don't usually listen to metal anyway.  Maybe metalcore, or hardcore but not just metal.  Well, I got back home a couple weeks later and after 3 days of relaxation it finally came back to me.  *hey I should check that band out on Amazon!*  Ten clicks and minutes later I was listening to a sound clip of the song "Crusher Destroyer" from their debut LP "Remmision" that came out in 2002.  The funny part was, it didn't sound like metal to me, or at least not genuine metal.  It had a genre twist to it.  You know?  That kind of music that Metal critics will find impossible to pidgeonhole due to the excess use of different styles in the music.  I liked it also because, it wasn't personal.  The lyrics were just art.  Stories about things that the band found interesting.  It was clear that Mastodon was a band in it for the love of music, not money or fame.    So off I went to buy Remmision for 6 bucks on ebay.  A great deal BTW!  It was one of the most musically literate LP's I've ever purchased.  This band has only been around for a few years and has out only 2 full length albums, but they sounded like pros in that 2002 release.  It's no wonder that I was excited about buying Leviathan, the 2nd album recording 2 years after.  For such a small band by metal standards (4 guys) they make a monster of a sound.  Which might just be the secret behind the name Mastodon.  Remmision got a solid 3.5 and later I decided to give it 4.  Let's see about Leviathan shall we?  Given that Remission was a mix of songs about oddjob topics like mythical beasts, trainwrecks, and massacre; using an entire album to cover the story of moby dick was no surprise for many fans.  The artsy metal-mix form of Mastodon is a given for narrating stories that involve themes such as corruption, sea, and violence.  If you want a good description of Mastodon's sound then simply think of the sea.  (always changing currents and turning in different directions)  Mastodon's sound cannot be pinned to one genre.  Black metal/hardcore/thrash...  all these are pulled off great with no single genre dominating.    One thing that Mastodon has that most other bands don't is raw skill.  They simply rock.  All the men behind the intruments are masters of their own.  Especially Brann Dailor, one of the finest drummers in music today IMO.  The guitar acrobatics really shine on this record.  I believe many other guitarists for years to come will try to mimic the elements used in the guitarwork of this CD.  it's just that good.  Even Troy, the vocalist/bassist manages to howl out screams and still keep a sickly beat on his 4 string.  I'm not done bragging yet.  The band also has an image to die for.  Think this over...  Around 2004 these guys come out of nowhere from the metal underground, touring like crazy.  They love their fans and rock out every show they play.  Nothing is impossible for them.  I can easilly see Mastodon being the new face of metal in just a few years.  Despite the fact that half the members have been chugging music half their lives, these guys are still young.  The simplicity of it is mind numbing though, it shouldn't work but it does.    I am also aware that this Album got unanimous raves across the metal board.  Everybody who listens to Mastodon who likes metal, will instantly become addicted to them.  It's that simple.  There's simply nothing wrong with Leviathan.  Even if you hate this style of music, you still can't say it sucks.  Because despite your taste, you must recognize the talent present.  A lot of people will pick this up after listening to previous Mastodon and assume it's quieter.  However, Mastodon is only fooling.  Sure, the screams aren't the same and not as hard as before, but the overall feel of this CD is MUCH heavier than Remmision.  Vocally it's way more talented, due to the constant variation provided by Troy and co.   THE BOTTOM LINE---Mastodon is one of the most talented bands of our generation.  They are everything a great band wants and needs to be.  I don't care what kind of music you like, everyone should own this CD.  If you like it, then get Remmision.  it's also quite good.    Only one qualm I have for the entire CD.  it's about production.  usually, Mastodon production is VERY well done.  But, don't get me wrong though.  It's still great, exclusing one minor detail.  In a lot of songs it seems like Troy's vocals are pushed in back of the guitars.  It's almost like they were ashamed of him and wanted to partially cover his voice.  I suppose it was to better realize the mammoth guitarwork on the record.        