 I remember purchasing this album during the spring of early this year at wal-mart.  It was my first introduction to the screamo genre.  I had no prior experience with this music, but I was eager to start ammasing a collection of hardcore/screamo music that I could listen to a lot.  After a half year later, I realized I never reviewed this album after I got it.  So, I decided to take this one out of the back of the case and give it another spin.  Wow!  I remembered how good these guys were VS a lot of other current acts in this genre.  (Silverstien, alexisonfire, Hawthorne heights)  Really, this is not only my first screamo album, but probably one of my best.  EASILLY!  The whole thing was just done well.  It had good replay value and was rich in beutiful singing and screaming that were very well balanced.  The guitar work on here is really great too, and the keyboard just adds to the effect.  They don't overbear the sound effects like Chiodos does.    From the slow intro to A boy brushed red, into the non-stop beat down that is:  I don't feel very receptive Today... This is a band that can do a lot of things right, and little wrong.  The blend of melody and chaos here is very well done.  This album is hard enough to turn the mainstream MTV lovers away but still melodic enough to attract a larger audience VS other hardcore christian bands like ZAO and Norma Jean.  There's also a whole bucket of originality these guys dip their paint out of to color the genre a new shade of screamo that can be only be called hardcore, and techno meets emo meats christian music. If your not into the christian things it's okay.  There's only a couple songs on here that deal directly with christian topics.  IMO the best thing about this band is that they have something for everyone.  Obviously the combine many different genres of music, but if you look deeper, you can find much more in this band.  The live show these guys put on is easilly one of the best I've ever seen.  They get so into it and the crowds are always awesome.  They actaully sound as good live as they do on the CD.  Not many bands can back that up.  Also, these are some very admiral dudes morally.  For more on that read the AP interview from about a month back.  So why the 4 stars?  Obviosly that means this isn't a perfect album.  It has two minor deffeciencies in my eyes.  Firstly, the drumming is mediocre, but that's understandable since he sings too.  Second, there are a couple songs on here that I thought really didn'y do anything special for the record, and there's a filler track.  (which means a total of 9 real songs)  Other than that though, this is a great CD and should be bought by any screamo/emo/ or Hardcore fan.  The special edition is out now too, so get it if you can!     