 I first heard about the secret from some random list of bands on a site.  I picked them at random because it said they were good and so I went to buy their album.  Wow...what are the chances I'd like it?  Not very good I would have said.  The last album that I listened to that I could actually sit and tolerate for more than an hour was Norma Jean's Bless The Martyr and Kiss The Child.  It's rare that I'll keep a CD in my player for longer than 10-20 minutes these days.  That's why I've been constantly searching for new mysterious music that I'm always hoping will be the next keeper CD.    Over the past couple months I think I've bought about 30 or so CD's from God knows how many genres.  (I like it all)  It just so happened that "Luce" was the CD that finally got my goose.  I must have listened to the opening minute of "Oslo" 1000 times in one day.  Trust me people, in my book, that's outstanding.  "The Secret" is a band that I guarantee will become very popular very fast.  I'm not surprised that they hail from Italy, because Hardcore from Europe has always been my fancy.  (I think it's something about the British scream)  The best part about "The Secret" is that despite the fact this is their first release, it sounds like their 4rth.  Everything is as tight as ever.  The drumming is ungodly.  The double bass on the thing is one of the best I've ever heard.  On top of that, these guys sound like they've been playing "core" guitar since birth.  I'd like to see an american hardcore/metalcore band of this age pull of tempo changes like "The Secret" does.  I really would.  The fact that this band has already mastered their own sound is just the start however.  If I had to sum up the general sound of the CD I would probably say: general hardcore with a tinge of post-rock and some metalcore worked in.  That's a short answer too.  "Luce" covers a lot of uncharted territory.  Each instrument sounds like it came from a different genre.  The Guitars have a simply raw hardcore sound, if you take out the occasional post-rock switcheroos throughout the CD.  The drums show metalcore influences but with Hardcore tunings.  The bass, sadly is almost non-existant.  Which sort of sucks for me.  And what can I say about the vocals?  He screams in the style of U.K. Post-hardcore.  You can't put a label on that.  The word "Luce" is Italian for "Light"  That might be a bit of a joke for some, being that this record lacks any traces of it.  The only song that begins to soften the grain is Segue, which serves as a sort of interlude.  The intro to the album is also very cool, being that it kind of builds up and then splits into the hard hitting: "Memento Mori".  I love how they placed the tracks.  It's perfect...  Probably my favorite thing about "Luce" is the time signatures.  They are experimented with at the perfect pace.  Not to much and not too little.  It's simply perfect.     