 First off Anberlin doesn't deserve to be compared to switchfoot.  They are a far better band in many respects.  Also, this band should be famous.  I'm surprised this album isn't on the charts because almost every song is a hit.  It may not be poppy as some stuff out there but it delivers the goods.   Ok, I was impressed by Anberlin's previous album, but not really floored.  It sounded way to produced...and it lacked the power of their live shows that I enjoy so much.  When NTFP came out I popped it on in thinking nothing.  I had no idea if it would be that good.  I didn't really like their debut and felt that they would need to improve considerable to make this a good listen.    Well, the first things I noticed is that this one had been produced better.  The whole sound was thicker and more powerful.  You felt more like you were at the show with the power and chaos going on.  Also, the lyrics and music had recieved an upgrade.  The wording is much more articulate and the guitars are fuller.    I have to say this took some getting used to.  I half expecting Anberlin to go Screamo with this one but they scream very little.  The whole record is populated by the singers dreamy almost girl sounding voice.  You will either love or hate this.  I encourage you to listen to a sample and see if his voice annoys you.    There are also a lot less slow songs on this one.  Almost all the songs are charged with heavy guitarwork and techno like beats that keep everything interesting.  The vocal work is constantly being manipulated to add spice and effect.    All in all this one takes a while to get used to.  Seeing them live will definately make you realize how truly awesome this band is.  Even I, (a long time fan) was not hooked from the start.  Up until the 5th listen I had passed this off as "pretty good"  But after a while you start to notice the suttle things about this CD that make it so interesting.    I would recomend this for fans of pop/hardrock/emo/ or anything like it.  This cd manages to deliver very heavy guitarwork but the singing (as gentle as it is) still fits with it.  I love this.  1.never take friendship personal---8/10---one of my favs.  This is a really good song.  It sets the standard for the album.  2.Paperthin hymn---8.5/10---This is proly my fav on here.  It's really heavy and catchy.  3.Stationary stationary---7.5/10---it's okay.  Could be better.  4.Symphony of blase---6/10---I dont like it.  It;s too slow  5.a day late---8/10---this is a great song.  Very fast and catchy  6.the runaways---8/10---one of the heavier songs.  It has an awesome chorus  7.time and confusion---7/10---it's good.  I just dont like it much.  8.the feel good drag---8/10---another song that's just great.  9.audrey...---8/10---Very catchy verses.  10.a heavy hearted work of genious---5/10it's an acoustic song. go figure.  11.dance dance---5/10---not much here.     