 Me being the huge fan that I am of Norma Jean.  I simply had to get this, which is after all their first true LP.  I had heard it was just as good as the stuff on BTMAKTC.  And although I found it hard to believe an album could live up to the perfection that that CD had brought...I got it anyway.  Among the first things I noticed about Throwing Myself was the obvious similarities in production to former and later releases.  It has that raw sound that I remember from Josh Scogin in his works with Norma Jean but not so raw that it has a Chariot feel to it.  It's perfectly balanced production quality to say the least.  And it's safe to say the overall feel of the album is basicly a classic Norma Jean feel.  Josh's influence is obvious here and the songs reflect that.  It's got the basic hardcore metal influences too with that southern twang you'd expect from the Georgia band.    At first, a lot of the songs sounded to me like earlier versions of Norma Jean songs.  However, the more I delved into the record the more untrue that became.  The tunings on here are lower than stuff on future recordings, giving Throwing Myself an even darker sound than BTMAKTC.  It's not slower darker though, just lower and heavier mid-tempo songs that clearly deliver the goods.    One thing that you will start to notice recurring from song to song is the vocal effects used on Josh.  it's the same distorted low output effect on every song.  It's easy to say that this would get ubiquitious and boring after a while, but that's not the case on Throwing Myself.  In fact Scogin uses similiar effects on all his other recordings except the highly primitive project of his "The Chariot".  I've heard the complaints about this but I really don't see why this is an issue with people.  The vocals are expertly done and I wouldn'y want it any other way...at least on this CD.  honestly, his voice fits perfectly with the music.  Some other complaints I've heard include the absence of a good bass volume and while I can agree to some extent, it's not that much of an issue.  But still...  Also there's the ever charging complaint of their christian stance.  I'll just put it bluntly.  EVERY song on this CD is about god and jesus.  Deal with it.  If you want more variation then go listen to Norma Jean.    While every song on here is good, there are a few standouts that I think need to be talked about.  Firstly there's "Light Blue Collar".  A song about faith, which IMO is the best on the album.  It's really fast and has some awesome breakdowns with lacing vocals.  Next in line would be the slow but sure "Patiently Philadelphia".  This song isn't really what I would call chaotic but it's got good rythm and good tempo changes.  Also, "For Shadows" is an awesome song live and on the album.  Good lyrics and great guitarwork.    Other significant tracks include: Blacksmith, An Act of My own Volition, Lat Breath First, and The "anihilation".  If your a fan of Norma Jean or any hardcore or heavy metal, then don't hesitate. Get it.     