 Well, before buying this I had never even heard of bright eyes.  Just so you know my background, I generally dislike indie and Emo.  I usually listen to hardcore and Screamo.  But for some reason I became interested in this band.  (or person) Someone compared a CD of their's to A Death Cab CD.  Me being a pretty big Death Cab fan, I decided to go out and buy this EP to see if I liked this band at all.  This review is the result of that listen.  The EP opens up with the slow acoustic guitar picks of "a line allows prgress"...  A few seconds into the song I am greeted with with drums and an organ.  This song sounds like a slower Cursive song.  The guy's voice sounds decent.  I guess the vocal effects he uses are for emotional purposes.  Overall this is a pretty decent song.  It reminds me of hotel california.  Next in line comes one of my favorite tracks on here:  "a perfect sonnet".  I don't know if it's the simple guitar stum or the sense that his voice is going to explode any moment.  Seriously, the whole song I was thinking that everything was about to fall apart...but it didn't.  He keeps going and going.  It must be his voice that creates this mood.  This was also the point of the CD where I realized that it was a bit more than music I was listening to.  Bright eyes will make you feel moods that other music can't.  It's got a unique brand of emotion that is new to me.  It's too bad this song ends so quickly.  As I press on to: "on my way to work" I begin to get the feel for the CD.  He's almost whispering on this track.  There's an odd sounding guitar picking and a country sounding synthesizer.  Quite frankly, I hate this song.  It sounds like an offkey country ballad...  Who wants that?  The next two tracks are more or less the same feel.  A new arrangement provides better quality music than the craptastic on my way to work, but doesn't reach the level of A perfect sonnet.  Finally, the EP is ended with the techno atmospheric: Neely o hara...  I don't know what to say.  It's meaningless.  I don't see how you can like this.  It's just pointless.  Overall this is a half and half EP.  The first two tracks are good...  But the rest of the CD falls between failing and decent.  If Bright Eyes good churn out more tracks like a perfect sonnet, this band would get at least a 4 star.  Sadly thats not the case.  So I don't recommend this for anyone other than the really dedicated fans.  Perhaps the other CD's are better.     