 I think it was early this year that I really got into post-hardcore.  I just fell in love with it's sound.  The only problem with that was, there's not a lot of good Post-hardcore bands out.  It's a relatively new genre and there really isn't a staple band for it.  EX: slipknot is to metal, or Dashboard Confessional is to Emo.  So I began my search for the best Post-hardcore bands.  I came up with some pretty varied results.    It turns out the Post-hardcore scene is becoming quite popular in England.  I think this trend started with a great band called Funeral for a friend, which not only achieved great things overseas, but brought the act over to the states as well.  Then, I found some lesser known bands from the area, like The Blackout, Bullet for my valentine, and When reason sleeps.  I literally listened to hundreds of bands I'd never heard of that fit the bill.  I found some pretty bad ones too however.  I found that while the genre can offer a large selection of underground artists, some of them just plain suck.  Yes, there were underachiever bands like: With broken wings, and Hondo Mclean.  All in all though, I was impressed with what I had found.  That's about the time I discovered an American post-hardcore band called "Alexisonfire" At first I was skeptical, because not many good Post-hardcore bands origate from our own states.  But I gave these guys a chance and went out to buy their newer CD, "watch Out"  My first thoughts when listening to it were fairly negative.  It was atmospheric and artsy.  Not two things I would match up with good post-hardcore music.  Sure there were a couple of standout tracks.  No Transitory, Get fighted, accidents...were okay.  The rest of them just seemed to drag in and out of genres.  I just didn't undersand why it was necessary to open up a track with a stupid slow artsy intro, and then get to the half decent music.  I played this CD off and put it in the back of the case for a long while.    So finally, I gave it another try after reading about it in a magazine.  I thought, "Hey I got that CD and it was nothing like they are describing it.  I need to go listen to it again..."  WOW, what was I thinking.  This IS a great CD.  I think the mistake I made was perception.  I had been listening to other typical bands from the genre.  Not experimental post-hardcore bands like Alexisonfire.  These guys have a sound all their own.  It expands beyond the genre labels and goes were most bands fear to tread.  There's a lot of interesting stuff here.  Sure, it's not what you'd be used to hearing from similiar bands, but there's just something about it that shines brighter than the others.  It might be that they incorporate so many different instruments and styles in the music.  The balance between screaming and singing is well fit here.  There is a lot more singing than in the last CD but this guy has such a great voice that no one should be complaining.  The guitarwork is phenominal as is the drums.    One thing to remember when you buy this, is that you must listen to it with an open mind for new concepts.  There are many things about this record that redifine what you would expect from the genre and the band.  I might recommend buying their first CD before this one.  It's a little bit easier to get into.    All in all, this is a great band with an even greater live show.  All I can say is go buy this.  It's a work of art and a great addition to anyone's collection, whether they like Post-hardcore or not.     