 Any other album of whatever genre this is I would give a 3 start review.  Thes guys are really something.    So what happens when three guys growing up near Seattle who ones dad used to be a session mkusiscian for the eagles starts rock band.  This is your answer.  But this isn't rock.  I must say guys, I'm sorry.  I can't label this.  They're music can be called a lot of stuff but nothing here is set in stone.  Some would call them hardcore.  And they are in a way.  But "classic-rock" esque guitar riffs and occasional whiney boy emo vocals make this one stray affar.    I would break this down into a pie chart.  75% hardcore 10% rock (probably from the guitarists dad's eagles days 10%emo 5%experimental  Easy enough right?  These dudes create a special brand of music that appeals to only a set few.  You have to enjoy different styles of music to enjoy this band.  Some of the time they will break off into a slow guitar picking melody, then roar into a chaotic hardcore crusher of a song.  A lot of people are going to turn away from this because of the diversity.  I personally think that the genious guitarwork here makes up for any shortcomings.  this also assures that the music stays original unlike some hardcore bands I could mention who tend to sound a lot like eachother.    So what else can I say?  the drumming is fresh, unlike most other drummers in the genre.  Although it blends along with the guitar most of the time, the guy retains his own style and it's cool.  The bass in mostly there to just back up this monster of a guitarist and he does it well while also adding vocals that go from all out screams to almost emoish whines.  All in all this is a great band and a great CD.  They may not be the new face of hardcore or indie or whatever, but they will always have a loyal fanbase, no matter how small.  There's more talent here than marketing.  these guys are here to make music they love.  End of story.  Even though they aren't that great live, I still love em.      