 Well, I'm a big punk fan and Blink 182 is my fav punk band out there.  I own all they're albums except for TOYPAJ because that was definately a sellout for them and in my oppinion it was not true punk.  If you want to pick up something Blink that really shows the true side of them then you should definately get Dude Ranch.  If your like me you believe that punk rock sounds better unpolished.  Dude Ranch was the last album Blink did before they signed onto the big time deal scene and ultimately cleaned and refined everything they did.    Now, Buddha and Cheshire Cat WERE also very roughly done albums before Dude Ranch but the songs from those were somewhat lacking.  So Dude Ranch is the last dirty album Blink did before they went widestream.  This also means that Dude Ranch is the perfect example of old school punk in the form of good old Blink 182.  That is why this album is the best they ever did.  Heres a helpful review i did after lots of listening.  1.Pathetic--9/10--great song.  It has an awesome guitar riff in the verse and it's easilly one of the best on the album and cool to open with.  2.Voyeur--8.5/10--This song so funny!  It's about Tom looking at a girl naked in her window.  It's very repetitive but still catchy so it's cool.  3.Dammit--10/10--This was the main single for the album.  Many people say it's the best song on here but however awesome it may be there is better stuff on here.  Don't let that get you down though this is an awesome song with very meaningful lyrics and great verses.  4.boring--10/10--It has the best guitar solo on the disc and awesome melodies to go w/  Overall fun song to listen to.  5.dick lips--9/10--Hilarious song about Tom getting grounded for being drunk.  Has a very catchy chorus and neatly played bass by Mark.  6.waggy--9/10--One of Mark's solo songs but not the best.  The lyrics are a bit weak but it sounds great  7.enthuised--9/10--Super fast song with Tom going nuts on the guitar.  Real catchy lyrics  8.Untitled--8.5--The verses are a bit weak but the chorus and outro are boss.  Nice Meaning.  9.apple Shampoo--10/10--one of mark's best showcases on the album.  An overall great song and I couldn't find any flaws in the sequence.  It has awesome lyrics and great intro.  10.Emo--1000000/10--This is hands down the best blink song ever written.  The lyrics are perfect and very metaphorical.  Perfect Guitar all around just perfect song.  11.josie--10/10--good song funny and cool tune  12.a new hope--10/10--the lyrics are okay and the guitaring is flawless. Awesome song  13.degenerate--7/10--only just sucky...i hated it but thats me.  14.lemmings--10/10--good song great meaning and drumming  15.i'm sorry--10/10--long and sweet.  Great ender.     