 You know the drill guys...  This is a review of the actual album as a whole, not Conor Oberst as a person.  Whoever wants to judge Bright Eyes by their feelings about Oberst is an idiot and is clearly missing out on some fine music.  I don't care if you hate the guy, you still need to hear his music.  If that means illegal download, then so be it.  I personally believe that kid this brilliant deserves every penny he gets his hands on but thats just my oppionion.    For those of you who don't get it, there's not a whole lot I can say for you to change your mind.  Everyone should understand, with Bright Eyes you either get it or you don't.  If you don't your either stupid, or just not open to different kinds of music.  I suspect it's the latter with most reviewers.  Sure, this CD is electronica and not everybody likes that kind of music, but when it comes down to it this is easilly listenable no matter what your preference, and the lyrical content is plenty reason to buy this alone.  If it came down to it, I would choose this over "I'm wide awake" anyday.  Perhaps this shows that Oberst shouldn't be making two albums at once...  He's lost a lot of fans with these two CD's.  But I think at heart Oberst is just trying something different.  Both CD's are considered under par by even the most diehard Bright Eyes fans.  I however, choose to think that he's just taking a break from the routine and doing something a little different.  Well, maybe more than a "little", but you get what I mean.  It's said by many great musicians that the best music is the music that breaks the rules.  DAIADU breaks a lot of them.  The only problem is, nobody knows how to take it.  If anything, DAIADU shows that Oberst has matured just a little more.  Rather than sing songs that are more depressed and hate based against the opposite sex, he chooses to tackle some adult subjects such as The meaning of life and life after it, and the different feelings of love.  The CD is formatted almost like a book, with it's own foreword and songs that tell tales of granduer and interesting situations.  From the after effects of casual sex in "Take is Easy" to the wondering of the afterlife in "Arc of time".  There's some really deep stuff on this record.    Sounding in parts like a radiohead album, DAIADU is a musical force that turns uneven.  Although every song is teeming with electro-pop variables, the overall feel of the CD is constantly changing.  Vocally Conor revisits all his past releases and comes up with new ways to scream, croon, and yelp out his emotional vendetta.  Surprisingly most of the songs are more upbeat than atmospheric like you'd expect, with fast paced drum beats reminescent of later Death Cab.  I think there's a bit more of a marching drum sound though.  There are some tracks thoug, that keep it toned down at times.  "Theme from pinata" is one of the most beautiful songs I've heard in a while.  It sounds almost like a song that would fit well in a Jungle scene.  There's a distance effect added to everything that makes you want to go to sleep.  The guitar is has a fine melody accompanied by the tired sounding voices of Oberst and guest Stella Mogis.  The flute that comes in about half way through is so out of place you want to laugh like it's a comical thing, but surprisingly, it works...  Wow.  Ballady tracks like "light pollution" will keep you coming back for more with the pop induced melody of the chorus and the addicting story told in the lyrics.    As different as this album may seem from his previous forays, still existant is his self indulgent vocal tone and lyrical content.  But, songs like "arc of time" dare to move away into more public matters.  Oberst definately filled his plate with this CD.  He tackles long debated subjects like life after death and religious views.  You can learn a lot from reading Conor's words.  He has some very interesting things to say.  it's obvious that with this release, along with "wide awake" Oberst has proven his talent and worth to Saddle Creek.  We now know that he has a lot more planned than simple acoustic ballads of depression.  It can be said that if these two releases don't convince the skeptics that Bright Eyes is here to stay, then nothing will.     