 I first heard about this band off of an Equal Vision Sampler, with the song "laces out Dan".  I was really impressed with the intricate guitarwork and the genre-hopping featured throughout the song.  I immediately got their Self titled LP and divulged the awesomeness that was Fall o troy.  It was fresh, young, and talented.  I was an instant fan.  Later, I saw this Album at best Buy and didn't even hesitate.  I bought it immediately and jammed it into my player.  Oh sweet goodness.  The self-titled was recorded when the boys were only 16.  That's amazing considering the guitarist's skill and the song quality.  Now that they're all around 20, the songs off the old album are still good enough to compete with the ones on Doppelganger.  This is proven by the fact that 4 or 5 songs from the Self titled were rerecorded to put on here too, along with FOT new work which is even more phenominal.    As luck would appear, this is another band I'm reviewing this month that is from Washington.  (What is this like the 4rth in a row?  JESUS!)  Oh well, I suppose that's fine considering most of them meritted high marks.    The first track on the disc is actually a redone version of "I just got this symphony goin"  off of the self titled.  It's a good one that showcases the guitarist's skill very well.  There's more screaming on this opener than most of the other tracks.  Odd for a first song...  "act one scene one"  is a quiter poppier song that serves as a sort of calm before the storm.  The guitarwork doesn't let up though.  Thomas shows that even a song with less oumph to it, is still going to get his finger's attention.  This track is also a perfect example of how there aren't any filler tracks on the disc.  Yes, this and a couple others could have easilly been written sloppy and thrown in there to make space be filled, but TFOT denies the temptation to do this.  FCPREMIX is quite possibly the best song TFOT has ever written, despite the fact that it's another remake...it's probably the best remake on here.  The guitar which used to sound more steady is now just one big mathmatical solo running through the whole song.  Vocally, Thomas' voice sounds very produced on this track, but in a good way I think.    My personal favorite song on the CD is "You got a deathwish johny traunt?".  I can't put my finger on it...  Maybe it's the awesome sounding intro, or the sudden violin part in the verse that makes it sound like everything is fixing to fall apart.  These are the kinds of things that make the album so unique.   To illustrate my statements, let's visualize a 4 way intersection.  In the seperate lanes are 4 cars waiting to crash into eachother and creat TFOT.    Car #1=Hardcore music Car #2=rock music Car #3=modern pop car #4=metal  So try to work that out in your head if you will while I go over the rest of the CD.  MLSM is yet another remake that probably deserved it's second coming.  The guitarwork alone is enough reason and the screaming to singing technicality is above average for them.    "the holy tape" is a monster of a song that clocks in at about 5 minutes.  The genres run rampart on here.  I thought at first that it would be a hardcore song but then it went into sort of a classic rock/vocal pop vibe, which later becomes hardcore again, only to end with an atmospheric and quiet outro.   They rarely play this song live but one time I heard it on a seattle radio show and it was awesome.  "laces out dan" was supposed to be sort of like, the sampler single for the CD.  Sadly it never really got any mainstream audiences to listen, but it did get a lot of hardcore kids hooked.  And yeah, this song is very hardcore.  Lots of breakdowns and screaming and insane drums.  Nice...  The opening picking for "WBLTHAU" is so insane it will shock about half the people who listen so much they will rip off their headphones...  Seriously I tried it.  The mid-parts of this song are so weird.  They go into a completely metal state of music mut then just play it off like it never even happened, and rush into a huge guitar solo.  One word that could describe this is "POWER"  Sheer, raw, power...  If you haven't seen the video of "WJSTEMB" I highly recomend you find your way over to the Fall of troy's website and watch it.  It's great.  The song has a sort of redeeming sound I can't describe.  It's just classic.  If you didn't already know, the band's name is derived from the Tom Waits song, "The fall of troy".  While their music styles are totally different, they pay tribute to him by naming this song after him.  "Tom Waits" is a superb hardcore anthem that could have been a cheap filler, but manages to surpass a lot of the material on here.  One of my only complaints about this CD is the shortness of the songs.  Yes, some of them manage to deliver, but there are far too many that fall short of mammoth.  It's sad because they have a lot of potential but oh well...  I realize there's only a set few people who can tolerate this but it's only because it's a style of music we've never heard before.  If you'll remember, a band called Glassjaw came out of the New York hardcore scene a few years ago that had such an original unique sound that no one knew how to take them.  But soon, they became legends.  The same thing is happening with this band.  So watch out for them in the future.  They are coming...       