 I first heard about this band on the 2003 warped tour disc.  I really liked the song they had on there.  It was pop punky and had some unusually talented guitarwork.  It also sounded very unique.  Like something different but same.  That song was Nintendo 89.  Yes probably a stupid name for a song about a girl but who cares?  well, I finally got around to buying this CD and it has changed my oppinion about this band greatly.  First off, the genre these guys belong in is not immediately evident.  Sure, pop-punk seems to fit the bill at first but after you consider the overall sound, it's not that easy.  The singer's voice sounds almost grunge rock.  I can hear traces of a pierre from Simple plan in him, but he sort of growls though.  You also need to take the guitarwork into consideration.  Out of all the sounds on this disc, the guitar is dominant over the others.  it has a twangy sound that really shows a lot of talent.  These guys know how to get past the sterotype of: "Pop-punk has to be all power chords".  There are even solos here.  So all in all I would probably still put these guys in the pop-punk category, even though they draw from many different musical styles.    It's surprising that this band got signed considering the genre's track record.  Bands like Green day, Blink 182, and the Ataris dominate this field of music.  There's hardly any room for newcomers.  But stop a minute and think about the things associated with these bands.   Power chords, whiney voices, immature lyrics, and mass media marketing.  None of these things describe Audio Karate.  In fact, these guys are nothing like your modern pop punk stereo-type.  They are spanish...yes.  You can hear it in the guy's voice.  They use fender-esque guitars, which are not commonplace for punk music.  If anything, this band is a far cry from what we know as modern pop-punk.  As a matter of fact, I think they have raised the bar as far as pop-punk goes.  They have taken the standard four chord progression method that's been used for years, and replaced it with complex melodies and guitar solos.    I saw these guys live about a year ago.  They have played along side bands such as Tsunami Bomb, The vandals, and social distortion.  All those bands are big punk rock acts that go the whole nine yards.  Mohawks and stud jackets are the usual for them.  Yet, Audio Karate is content with a pair of blue jeans and a backstreet boys t-shirt.  I have to hand it to them.  That takes balls.  Still though, there's a clear punk mentality about this band and I like it a lot.  They clearly have a serious image that they want to convey.  I was surprised at how nice the production sounded on this Debut.  Most I have heard are lacking, but this album is a bar above average.  The instruments especially, are done quite well.  I believe we will hear from this band more and more often in time.  They have a very dedicated national fanbase that will not dissapoint.  There's great things in the future for these dudes.  I really like the way they present themselves.  Anyway, if you can find one of Audio Karate's CDs I highly recommend you take the chance and buy it.  I think anybody will enjoy their sound.  It's very unique and a breathe of fresh air for me personally.     