 Armor for sleep has come a long way since their humble begginings in Teaneck, New Jersey.  (A hotspot for ubiquitous emo bands such as AFS)  Hey, at that time we could have all wrote them off as "just another jersey band" and called it a day.  I almost did that to "Dream to make believe" but somehow it sneaked it's way into my collection.  Not that WTDWYAD has sold almost 100,000 copies, it's pretty obvious that AFS is more that "Just another Jersey band".  The emo/pop-punk formula IMO us a horribly overused one.  Bands like Fall out Boy, and The Academy is... have lived and dies by it's code.  It makes otherwise half-decent bands into monsters.  I would like to say AFS will continue to avoid the trend that their brothers have followed, but sadly I doubt their next release (if there is one) will pull it off like WTDWYD has.   Many previous fans already are saying that the songs here are too poppy and unchanging.  Although I can agree, there is a lack of variation on this CD, the catchiness is masterful in a way that will have you singing along indefinately.    What are we singing along to anyway?  I think most reviewers succeed in hitting the nail on the head.  It's a concept album about the death of a lovelorn man.  A suicide to be exact.   he kills himself via car/drowning to be exact.  thus the track title "Car underwater".    One resounding complaint is the lack for variation.  Not only in music but in the lyrics too.  The guitar parts for each song have a bad habit of resebling eachother, and even though they are nice sounding, it gets old after a while listening to the same riffs.  As far as lyrics go, it's repetitive to an extent.  Of course, when every song talks about death and afterlife, it's not surprising that this would be a problem.  Sorry AFS, but your attempt at the philosophy of a concept album is a swing and a miss.  What's ironic is the fact that even though this Album was supposed to have an overall depressing suicidal feel, most of the songs have happy melodies and pop-laced choruses.  It's exactly the same kind of upbeat pop-punk that makes all these so called depressing emo bands sound like hypocrits.  Yeah, sure we hate our ex-GF's but we like to sound like were happy about it!  Pssh, it's not working guys.  All this does for me is make me doubt that you actually mean it when you whine.  Most of the songs sound over developed.  It's as if they tried to re-cultivate some of these songs 3 times over until they didn't sound remotely like they did at Day 1.  There's too many instances where I'm thinking about how a song could have been better if they would have simplified it a bit more and left out the complex effects.  There's a pretty big group of people who are claiming this band to be the most Unique in the genre.  That's bull.  There aren't any pop-punk/emo bands these days that are unique.  The only band remotely related to this kind of music that rocks is "Senses fail", and they aren't even that great.   It's pretty evident that most of the big fans are weened on other similiar acts like Fall out boy and Matchbook romance.    Although there were some tracks here that left me impressed with their melodic skill, (Car Underwater, Stay on the ground) there's really not much to rave about.  This release is much less than life changing or anything like that.  If anything, it's a half decent Emo-pop cd with some fresh melody and a slight tinge of variation from the usual act.  I hate to say it but AFS is horrifyingly close to becoming what the frontman Ben Jorgenson hates.  A band that's been brainwashed by their own label.  Yeah, dude...you made some good choices in high school and avoided some of the bad guys. (victory records)  But, you turned down Geoff Rickly who could have made you a better band than Equal Vision has despite the fact that you'd still be underground.  Yeah, good luck with that.  I would give this a 2 star but the catchiness and quality of their live show makes them more promising than that.  I just hope they learn to pick their labels better.     