 I'm a guitarist who listens to a lot of different music.  (mostly heavy stuff)  For A while now I've been hunting for the perfect over ear headphone that fit all my very strict needs.    Here's what I wanted out of a headphone.  -a completely over the ear setup...  basicly I had tried DJ style headphones before and was displeased because they didn't always go all the way around my ear.  I wanted to be covered totally.  -Temperature was an issue too.  I live in Georgia, and during the spring and summer it gets hot sometimes.  All the Headphones I've tried before that go over my ears always get hot after a short time, and my ears begin to feel trapped.    -I love a good bass response in my music.  I recently made the switch to an MP3 player with very low bass output and I knew I needed something that would have good bass on it.  -Overall though, I just wanted all this and a good quality sounding headphone for around 40 bucks or less.    I eventually settled on Sennheisers.  Bose was too expensive and the other brands didn't have enough dirt on em' to trust.  Sennheiser has a lot of reviews on amazon so I figured it would be easy to determine which one was right for me...and so my search for the perfect Sennheiser began!  At first the cheap and good looking HD 457 looked like a steal.  It was indeed a headphone with some good specs for 30 smacks...  However, I soon discovered that this unit suffered from comfort issues.  The inside was not hollow so it presses down on your ears.  Something I hate.  I moved on. I began looking at higher proced HD's in the 40-80 dollar range.  They looked slightly better in quality and more comfortable.  At one point I became close to buying the HD-515 but after some reconsideration I decided that 4 or so extra dollars was not worth only a slight upgrade in quality.    Finally i discovered the 202's.  These baby's were some of the cheapest in the barrel, and looked like the were made just for me.  So I ordered them.  They have everything I want.  The bass is excellent.  Almost perfect for my needs.  It's not pressing down on my head and it's quite lightweight so I don't even know it's there half the time.  The long chord is great for when I play guitar with them due to the fact that I walk around the room a lot.  All in all I have no complaints.  This is exactly what I wanted for around $25.  Great deal, great company, great Headphones     