 Before I review this EP, you might want to know about my credentials.  I am not now, or ever have been: a fan of indie.  I have known about this band for quite some time now.  But, I never really stopped to take a good listen.  After a while though, their prescence got the best of me, and I decided to purchase this EP to see what these dudes were all about, and what a pleasant experience it was.  The disc opens up with the catchy technical drumbeat intro of "photobooth".  A song littered with mellow keyboards, calming guitar picking and lyrically soothing goodness.  I quickly decided that simply because of that one song, this band was a winner.  I realize that photobooth is in most people's oppinion the best on here, but it's enough to make this CD worthwhile.  As for the other tracks... Well, i'm getting to them.  After photobooth comes the even slower and less upbeat "technicolor girls".  For some reason this song didn't do it for me.  I suspect that's because I'm used to much more upbeat stuff.  (I.E. punk, hardcore)  I'd like to think that fans of indie rock would like this very much. Next in line if the drawny "Song for Kelly Huckaby".  This track in my oppinion has some very fine guitarwork and nice vocal effects.  It's sort of sad like the last two songs but still gets me smiling.  "405" is an acoustic relapse of another Death cab song I havent even heard.  I enjoyed it greatly and was glad to hear a happier and upbeat song on here.  Lastly, Company calls finishes up this EP.  The drumbeat on here is really cool and lyrics really standout from the rest.  All in all a great finisher.  I found that this EP was a bit more mellow and poppy than their other stuff I've heard, which sounds more indie-rockish.  I'm glad I bought this, I even went on to purchase "we have the facts" a couple weeks after.  Although this isn't a genre a music I particularly spend a lot of time in, I think anyone can enjoy these songs, no matter what their tastes.  there wasn't a single song here that I didn't enjoy in some way.  I would also recommend this highly to anyone wanting to get into this band, but don't know where to start.  7/10 score for catchy vibes, good lyrics, and some innovation here and there.  Very flattering EP...     