 When I got my first electric guitar.  (a stratocaster) I was remisce as to what strings I should buy.  I was told that D'addarios were the most popular so I went with them.  They seemed good enough.  Now it's a little over a year later and my knowledge of guitars has grown a lot.  I now know more about string gauges and materials and stuff like that, so I feel more enclined to review this product accurately.    The first thing I would say about these strings is that the materials are very good quality.  Their not too slick but not too rough.  If you want to have a more slick metallic feel to your strings I would say go with Ernie Ball.  They are about the same quality anyway.  D'addarios just feel right to me.  They have an overall good feel to their performance and they may seem a little rough or hard to play at first but after a while you start to appreciate them more.  Now about the gauge.  Since I was a beginner at electric, I was advised to go with .10 since it's the most common gauge.  To tell the truth I didn't even know what gauge was at the time...  What I do know is that I play in both standard and in drop D and these strings did the trick.  Later though, I began exploring lower tunings like Drop C and some going half a step down, ect...  That's when I realized something was wrong.  The strings were buzzing.  Little did I know that tuning back and forth like that was not good for my guitar, and the .10 gauge strings were not suitable for this.  eventually, I figured all this stuff out and made the appropriate changes.  I now play in Drop D almost all the time and I find that the .11 gauge D'addarios are quite suitable for that.  But whenever your going to play in standard tuning, I would say get these.  One thing that is bad about D'addario's.  They don't make a gauge big enough to perform in tunings lower than half a step down.  Due to this I have two guitars now.  One thats in Drop D and fitted with Daddario .11's and another in Drop C that's fitted with Ernie Ball Beefy's.    But once again, I cannot recommend any string for standard tuning more than this one.    One more thing I forgot to mention, the .10's tend to break sometimes.  It may be that I just thrash too hard but so far I've been through about 20 packs in a year.  About half the time I would break a string and the other half I would just change them because they were getting old.     