 I've had this CD since it came out.  I enjoyed notes and photographs very much and was encouraged to buy this due to Jamison's genious and the obvious rock/pop/emo vibe they had going.  (actually Parker said in an interview they are strictly to be labelled rock.  so...yeah let's call em rock)    Anyways...  A little something you all might want to know about Jamison.  he's a freak.  I've done my research and found out he's a sicko.  He does every drug he can get his hands on.  He thinks about abusing his GF 24/7 and he thinks about killing people all the time.  I'm serious guys this dude is a freak.  He's got to be bipolar or something.  So that aside...  This Album is awesome.  It's simple and easy to listen to pop, but somehow it manages to create a sound all it's own.  The lyrics are astounding and I've never really listened to an album that's easier to cry to than this one.  (Just listen to "heres everything..." if you dont know what i mean).  They claim that this is simple rock music but the emotive shows a strong knack to revolutionize the emo genre.  They should have done it, but now that they've broken up, it's doubtful that they will gain any fame with the scene.  As a matter of fact, i expect their two releases will soon sink to the bottom of the discarded jewels pool.  That's truly a shame.  So what about the overall sound of this album?  Well, it cuts back and forth from acoustic to mellow rock sets in a fashion reminescent of DLD.  It's that kind of sad mellow acoustic format that you would expect to hear on "The OC".  Then you have the more arranged songs like "Best Mistake" that feature full bass and drums in addition to the standard dueling guitars.  These are the kinds of songs that make Jamisonparker more diversified that most of the bands they tour with.    The choruses sound like a softer version of something you would hear on the radio or at warped tour.  Nevertheless, they are masterful and inspiring.  On the other hand you have the ridiculously complex for a pop song "Paper, rock, scissors.  It's got so many variable elements that fight the boundary of what pop music is.  The drum beat, the vocal effects, and the intensity of an orchestra all add to the song in ways previously unimaginable.  It's awkward, but it works for those of us openminded enough to accept it for what it is: Good music.  Songs like "Emergency Room romantic" make one wonder why Jamisonparker isn't the next overnight "OC" success story.  The chorus contains emo-esque lines like, "I bet it never gets this cold in california".  How's that for mainstream emo-pop lyrics?  Most lovers of complex music would wonder, why doesn't this get old?  It's a simple thing really.  Innovation...  jamison is a genious who can write good music.  That's all we need to know.  Yay for him.  The melody offered here is just the tip of the iceberg and JamisonParker wants you to know it.  No matter what kind of person you are, I guarantee that at least one of these songs will get under your skin and make you cry or something like it.  The lyrics and overall feel of every song have a way of both soothing and scaring you at the same time.  The raw emotion accompanied by soothing melodies of golden audio found here just have that effect on your ears.  It's truly a shame that this CD is only 11 tracks long.  I need more!  So many of these songs would do wonderfully on the radio, (despite the fact that i hate it).  It's truly a shame that so few people will come to appreciate this wonderfully crafted pop album.  (only 11 reviews)  Hopefully Jamison's fallout project will produce better results...  I would honestly recommend this CD for anybody.  Go pick it up at Best buy it's like 10 dollars.  I swear it's one of the best pop cd's ever created.  You will adore every minute of it.  You owe yourself this album.  It will bring you both joy and sorrow.  As for them breaking up...too bad.  I heard Jamison has another thing he's gonna be doing so good luck to him.  Perhaps his next project will be better than this one, although I would be surprised if he can surpass this work.   In any case, the guy's a genious...despite his thoughts and habits.     