 I heard about "This Providence" through means of browsing through bands on Amazon like: Copeland, and Daphne Loves Derby.  I listened to the samples and thought it sounded like a more upbeat DLD, who I like a lot.  So I went out and bought this.  At first I was a bit dissapointed with the only 10 tracks on the CD but after a listen I was quite impressed, enough even to visit their site and see exactly what this band is was all about.  It was only a little less than a month ago that TP's drummer, Paul Benson left the band.  After I heard, I immediately thought negatively...  "Great I just bought a band's LP that is breaking up as I speak."  This sucks....  (not quite)  I'm happy to say that they recently employed a new drummer: Ryan Tapert.  So I'm a happy reviewer knowing that this great band will not cease to exist, but will continue to grow and stretch out the talent they cleary possess.  TP is at first glance, a typical indie boy band.  You know, that typical Dime-a-dozen fad induced formula that's really common in this genre.  Turns out the quartet are christians, not a christian band, but Christians in a band.  Which is something I like a lot.  It's obvious that the girls will eat them up being that not only the frontman/guitarist is highly attractive to the Female population, (and Australian) but the rest of the band's members follow closely behind with an image that seems to be made for MTV.  These guys are far from that status however, and will definately rise to indie-fame alongside the likes of their seattle emo/pop brothers.    Like I said before, TP is from Seattle, along with 500 other indie bands that want to be the next "the early november"  I wouldn't blame you for refusing to listen to them because of it either.  Among all those bands though, there are a few that stick out...  I believe TP is one of them.  There's lots of melody on this CD, something that always sucks me into a band.  (and seriously they had me from the start)  These guys are so infectiously catchy that you'll be crying about it.  Just listen to the chorus to "truth and reconciliation".  It's a monster melody that will turn over any doubting fan in mere seconds.  That's just one quality that makes TP a great band.  The production too, is super-slick.  I believe this was produced by the same guy responsible for "Gatsby's american dream", which is definately not a bad thing.  It's very polished, but not overly so like a lot of bands in this pool.  I read in a review that this CD was catchy and fun, but not life changing.  Quite frankly, I have no idea what that guy is talking about!  The lyrics here are phenomenol.  The fact that these guys are christian, has nothing to do with it.  There's the usual love/breakup songs, but much of it deals with life in itself.  In fact, much of this wouldn't be out of place if featured on the OC.  It's that kind of CD that goes great as a summer soundtrack.  (too bad it's winter where I live)    The formula is simple yet complex.  Occasional double-time drum patterns keep things fresh, on top of well laced guitar parts and a sea of vocal melody; this record makes for an awesome musical experience.  The ten songs may not be much, but every one of them carries a bag of originality and musical prowess.  A lot of bands in this genre use myspace to get big, and showcase the 4 best songs on the CD and then we all buy it, only to find the rest sort of suck.  Not so on OWD!  Every song here has some type of redeeming quality about it.  From the short and melodic "Well versed in the ways of the world" to the slow and dreamy "our flag is white", theres not one song that I dislike.  Overall, TP has a sound that's quite refreshing in an overpopulated genre.  I'm giving this an easy 5, but be warned, there will be much more to come from this band!      