 I first heard about this band through the single: Last train Home.  That was before I discovered the UK hardcore scene.  It was a few months later that I discovered the following behind this band.  Lost Prophets is responsible for what is probably the biggest underground movement since UK punk.  A growing craze is moving to the states these days.  The genre of post-hardcore has arrived with lost prophets.  Although they fall on the softer side of it.  The ushering in of great bands like FFAF and When Reason sleeps.  I know, those bands are much different than Lost Prophets but they grew from what this group started with TFSOP album.    "Start Something"  is a far cry from the underground Post-hardcore sound of England.  The band has become much more media friendly with this release. While at the same time keeping the post-harcore sound at the roots of the album.  Take into consideration the techno influences here.  Almost reminescent of "when reason sleeps".  Another rising UK outfit.  The Keyboardist does a great job in that honor.  The guitar is obviously where the hardcore sound shines, and shows the great musiscianship showcased on the CD.  The vocals are obviously british.  Almost sounding like an EMOtype matt davies.  He whines and pleads with his words.  While on the other side he screams like Curt Cobain.  it's weird but practical.  All this aside, it's safe to say the entire album treats genres like touchstones.  Skipping around them at free will.  Not to say that's always agood thing though.  It'd be hard for someone to like every song on this album as much as the next.  From the hard and heavy hitting "a million miles", to the slow ballad-like "goodbye tonite"; the constant style change can be easilly hatable.    There's still alot to be said about the new sound of Lost Prophets.  "highly instrumental and atmospheric"  might be one of the terms to use.  There's a constant format here that sudgests a 15 second intro in front of every song is needed.  Although this isn't a bad idea, it gets too repitive by song 5 or 6.  Maybe they're trying too hard to be stylish, or just aren't feeling very original with this one.  Either way it's a flaw that shows.  Lyrically this CD is a bit immature.  Given, the aren't being childish (blink 182, ramones)  but it's not the most serious approach.  The topics range from young adult half-angst/half-regret problems to more mature political type things.  Overall though, the feel is much less than poetic.  So points off from that one LP...  One thing that these guys should be praised for is the clean cut image they present.  They always dress nicely at shows and have a very sharp detail about their album's artwork.  It's clear that they care about image.  This is both good and bad, but mostly good.  Since they sound nice.  Production is another place where the disc shines.  It's very produced yes, but in a good way.  The only complaint as far as that goes though, is that it occasionally sounds watery.  I don't like that.  Overall these guys deserve a lot of credit for what they've done.  Personally I would have given this 3 stars but considering the work put into it, I'd give this a 4 anyday.     