 I first heard about Acceptance after seeing them live with Finch.  I though they were pretty good.  Sort of Emo-ish and maybe too catchy for their own good.  They had an odd presence on stage.  The singer acted almost bipolar as he sang about loss and death, while all the time smiling and jumping around like he just won a million dollars.  It was so simple yet very surreal.  I thought:  "I've got to check these guys out, they rock"    At that time the critically aclaimed LP "Phantoms" hadn't even come out yet.  These guys were really nothing more than a cult pop-rock-emo band with some mild attitude.  Oh, and yes they are from Seattle.  (I've been reviewing a lot of bands from that scene lately)  They recorded a demo in 2000 which led to constant touring in the area.  It took them 3 years to do it, but eventually they created a niche in the northwest emo-rock scene and put out this EP, which includes 5 new songs and 2 live tracks.  A must for any fan.  The song content is smooth and sincere, with occasional melody that loves to get you hooked.    What really impresses me though, is the variation.  Every song has a personality all it's own.  Acceptance deserves much credit for being able to meld all their emotion and creativity to make every song a different experience.    The lyrics are most definately emo, but not in a whiney way.  The vocals are much more serious and calming than other similiar acts.  The singer has a depth to his voice that really makes him a treat to listen to.   His annunciation especially is astounding.  All the songs here are very good, but the obvious standout track is "seeing is believing"  It's about as good as a song can get.  Extremely catchy, and masterful verse lyrics with a simple but sweet chorus.  It's very hard not to fall in love with this song.  That's all that needs to be said.  The production's quite nice for the most part.  It's sort of "wah-wah" sounding in the background for some of the songs.  I guess it's supposed to make it sound live.  I don't know what they were thinking when they did it, but it couldn't have been practical thinking.  Still, it's an EP and I shouldn't be judging it off of sound quality.  Acceptance are big friends with "the militia group", which I admire greatly.  TMG has always showcased great bands and to know that Acceptance is involved with them really makes me happy.  If you can, see this band live.  I enjoyed my show a whole lot, and I didn't even know who they were.  It's going to be great seeing them again knowing what to expect.       