 I've been a DLD fan for some time now.  I saw them live in 2004 and bought the self titled CD.  It was awesome.  Almost every song acoustic and mellow.  A truly great band with awesome talent.  Later, DLD released an EP.  Sadly, it didn't really meet the greatness that their full-length did.  It tried to be more powerful by getting rid of the acoustic thing, but failed and just made a decent atmospheric emo CD.  I didn't lose faith though, and waited for this CD to come out.  "On the strength of all convinced" is the CD fans have been waiting for.   It's also the band's first foray out of the indie scene.  They've finally achieved the status that's been needed for so long, probably through means of the internet.  At first I was skeptical about this CD.  It sounded much like an extended version of "closing down the pattern department."  I felt that DLD had failed me again.  Still though, i listened on.  Finally, I found some common ground in the song: Pollen and Salt.  It sounded like something off of their first release.  It had that raw acoustic guitar talent that seemed to be missing from CDTPD.  After that, the whole album just clicked.  Every song became enjoyable.  The fact is, DLD have finally found their sound.  Previously they couldn't decide if they wanted to do acoustic music or upbeat power popish stuff.  With OTSOAC, they prove that they can do both at once.  They prove it well.  Everything great about DLD recieves an upgrade here.  It's about time too!  There's so much to like about this record, I could go on forever.  Firstly, Kenny's lyrical talent has expanded greatly.  Given, he has always been great with wording but it truly shines here.  Especially in songs like "a year on an airplane" where Kenny shows he can use metaphor quite well.    Another awesome thing about this CD is the variation.  It's not often that a band can make a CD of songs this diverse, and keep up the pace throughout.  A problem I had with the full-length was that there were a couple of songs that sort of sucked, despite the other ones being awesome.  OTSOAC eliminates this issue, by making every song a fresh and enjoyable experience.    DLD has evolved into something that defies the boundaries of EMO band.  Yes, a lot of songs here are optimistic.  Would you look at that?  An emo band that doesn't just sing about heartbreak and hurt!  I guarantee the upbeatness found here will put a smile on most anyone's face.  Great stuff  As some of you might know, DLD is from Seattle, and it shows, moreso on here that ever.  The influences are pretty obvious.  Copeland, Jimmy Eat World, any emo related or indie band.  Don't get me wrong though, DLD sounds much different than all those bands.  They have such a unique sound.  There will always be people that say they are only riding the emo-pop band wagon, but I refuse to believe that.  They have been around too long to be called an imitation.    I would highly recommend this for fans of copeland or Jimmy eat world.  DLD is also on tour right now so visit the wedsite for dates.  You won't be dissapointed.       