 Well this was my first shot at the whole, removable hard drive deal.  I had heard about these things but I never really thought I needed one until I tried it.  All I can say is wow...  Basicly what we have here is a small lightweight peice of plastic that you stick in your computer and it turns into a hard drive that holds half a gig.  Sick!  What more could you ask for?  This is perfect for me transporting songs and videos from my home computer to the ones at my school.  So far I've had no problems with this baby.  I've heard stories about the whole corruption deal, but if you just do the "safely remove hardware" procedure which only takes 5 seconds, it will be fine.    This thing doesn't get in the way of other USB devices either.  It's smaller than a pack of gum!  It comes with a neckstrap so you can't lose it either.  (although my strap pin broke)    The Cruzer even has an encrypter built into it!  I don't have to worry about people looking at my private stuff without me knowing and it's so easy to set up a child could do it.    Although I don't have a 2.0 port on my computer, I tried it on a friend's and it was like quickfire.  The disk can be filled up in a second.  Literally!  The light on the end even flashes to show there's something being loaded onto it.  So your always on top of whats happening to the drive.  The one thing that I dislike about this Dream of a removable disk is the durability issues.  The Cruzer is not a heavy weight.  It's liable to break in one way or another eventually.  I carry mine in a bag and like to think I keep pretty good care of it, but about 6 months into use the pin that holds the neckstrap to it broke off.  It didn't affect performance in any way but I do wish I had my strap back...  I hope I don't lose it in the future.  On top of it all, the device is made of basic plastic materials which don't exactly make for a fool-proof hardware design but whatever...  I have tried her on laptops too and it works fine on XP.  A friend of mine had a 98 laptop and despite the reduced speed, it still worked just the same.    Overall I would definately recommend the Cruser minidisk from sandisk. You get a lot of bang for your buck, and as long as you treat this lady nicely, she'll treat you nice too.      