 My first taste of Death Cab as I remember was about a month ago.  I was quite curious about them and was eager to find out what so many fans were raving about.  So, I went out and bought the forbidden love EP.  It was cheap and rated well, so I considered it a good purchase.  The CD easily grabbed a 4 star from me with it's nice, atmospheric indie-rock sounds.  It was very catchy and innovative, in addition to the fact that it was a nice change from the usual heavy music I listen to: (metal, screamo, hardcore)  My only complaints were small ones:  Rough around the edges, and a bit hard to get in to.    So, in an attempt to eat up some more Death Cab, I bought this little ole CD...  So now for my next objective Death Cab review.  The opening track: aptly named, "Title Track" is a great way to open.  The cathcy guitar picking got me from the start.  There's also a nice little strum and a soothing drum beat that reminds me of prom for some reason.  Next, I was greeted by "Employment Pages".  It's a sort of off key song that has to grow on you before you ca truly appreciate it.  "For What Reason" is one of my favorite songs on the CD.  it opens with a short intro and then kicks into a fast paced bass driven song with a great rythm.  The lyrics are also kind of comforting, which is commonplace for this band.  "Lowell, MA" can only be described as a floaty dreamy rock ballad.  I like the melody to this song a lot.   One of the things that becomes evident around track 3 or 4 is the lyrical storytelling featured on this release.  Like a lot of Death Cab fans will say:  "every song's a story."  That rings very true on this disc.  "405" was a familiar song for me, because I had already heard the acoustic version on the EP I bought just a few weeks ago.  The album version is just as good if not better. For some reason, Little fury bugs" failed to hit me as hard as the last 5 tracks.  Although there's nothing wrong with it.  The guitar is soothing and it's a well though out song, but it's to drawny for me to enjoy it as much as the others.  I'm not dissapointed for long though, because the upbeat "company Calls" following is easilly one of the best here.  It's got rythm, melody, and innovation.  The vocals sound almost like something from a Florida Jam Band.  There's something about this song that reminds me of old school Beatles era rock. After that song, comes it's epilouge.  it's a slower one, but don't be mislead.  The guitar is infectious and the beat will restrain your finger from the skip button.  "No Joy in mudville"  marks a low point of the CD.  It just didn't impress me at all.  There's a barely audible guitar and a drum beat that bores.  It sounds like something "bright eyes" would write.  Finally though, the CD ends with "scientist studies", another floaty dreamy song that ends the CD up.  I feel like I've been calmed by a resounding wall of melody, rythm, and atmosphere.  It's a very clean and fresh feeling brought upon you.    Production wise, I was very impressed.  Even though this was put out before the Forbidden love EP, it feels like a step forwards from that cd.  It might be that the EP was a bit more rushed than this CD.  The tones and effects are done quite well.  There's not anything overdone about this Album.    Now, there are a few dissapointments to this otherwise great CD.  First off, despite the clear knack for innovation, this recording is stopped too short, and it's not even the fact that there's only 10 tracks.  Many songs that have potential to be much greater are killed off before they can truly shine.  Despite that however, the songs still deliver.   Also, this is a very hard record to get into, as is with a lot of Death Cab's stuff.  One very bad thing about this band, is that everything they do sounds similiar in some way.  They refuse to go out of the circle of routine they have made.  What I'm saying is, you have to like the sound to like the band.  If you don't get it, you don't get it.  Fortunately for me, I enjoy the vibe they offer, but this will not ring true for all listeners unfortunately.   So other than that a a few other minor gripes, this is a very well done Indie-rock/mellow album.  I will probably purchase photo album now, because I have officially jumped on the Death cab fan bandwagon as a semi-serious admirer.   Yay death cab!     