 If you'll read my past reviews, you would know that as of a few months ago, I decided to go on an adventure.  A daring one.  I decided to buy a DCFC CD and see what all the hype was about.  To truly figure out what this band had to offer, and what so many cult fans were raving about.  I purchased "the forbidden love EP" which landed a four star and later I got "We have the facts" which further impressed me, getting another 4 star.  I was then told to go for: "The Photo Album".  So it is then, I got it and now your going to hear it, my third Death Cab experience and the objective review that comes with it.  For a 10 track CD, "The Photo Album" is no different than any other DCFC CD with the same number of songs.  One thing for certain about their sound, is that only if you like one song, will you like the rest of them, because they all follow the same format.  Many reviewers hate them for it too, passing it off as an unforgivable crime of lack of innovation.  From what I see though, DCFC is opposite.  Maybe mechanics are right when they say: "It's what's under the hood that counts!"  Because Inside Death Cab's hood lies a plethora of varying sounds.  Sure, many songs will sound similiar but when done so well, who can complain?    The first thing I noticed about "The Photo Album" is the change in upbeatness.  My past two DCFC experiences were mainly consisting of atmospheric mellow pop.  That's not to say TPA is much different, but a little still.  Almost all the songs here are more "rocker" that past releases.  Now don't get me wrong, there's no guitar solos or rock n' roll mentalities here.  It's still quite clear who were dealing with.  It's just that the songs are a bit more dancable that past DCFC stuff.  This is either a good or bad thing depending on what kind of Death Cab fan you are.  If you favor the older, softer stuff like me you will definately resent this more than most.  But, if you are more in the "transatlanticism" side od Death Cab that has become more frequent today, this CD should make you very happy.    Even though I prefer older DCFC, that's no reason for others to dislike this release.  In fact, it's a big step forward for DCFC.  There's a lot of stuff here that shows off their talent like never before.  The hop along drum beats are more prominent that ever.  The melodies are well executed, as always.  To top it all, Gibbard's voice is top notch here.  I really can't point out any problems here that aren't personal beefs.  There's too much likeable about TPA.    This CD is obviously one of the catchier DCFC releases.  Even though some of the melodies will get repetitive, the band is only leading you on, making yourself find only minutes later that you are humming the tune you just turned off.  Yes, even if you dislike this sort of music, there's no denying the fact the DCFC has molded a very infectious song list here.  In effect, a large portion of them sound like pop radio friendly tracks.  This would explain why plans has enjoyed such commercial success.  (it was only a matter of time)    Gibbard's voice really is top notch on this CD.  He sounds very experimental but in a good way.  He's still Gibbard, but he's also open to new tones and melodies that might not sound 100% normal for him.    Production wise this CD is average.  I thought the previous releases were much cleaner sounding.  TPA sounds much more rough and restrained.  That's not a good thing IMO but whatever.      