 Lately, a lot of bands that I like have released sophomore albums that haven't really been up to par.  EX- Emery's The secret.  At first I was skeptical about this one because I really liked when broken is easilly fixed but with all the bad 2nd tries happening lately, I assumed it would not be worth the money, that I should just wait an buy it used.  Well, finally I broke and decided to get her...  Wow, good idea!  This album is in no way a weak follow up to the band's debut.  In fact it much improves on their sound.  it's catchier, more technical, and just better.  The one beef I had with Silverstien's debut was that for every awesome song on there, following it would be one after it that would be slow and sucky.  That doesn't occur nearly as much on here.  There's only like 2 slow songs and they aren't that bad either.  So your getting a more band for your buck here.    I also must say that the dudes have really given themselves a tune up.  Sure the same Silvertien song structure is here: the usual slow sad and catchy intro followed by the rest of the song that manages to pick you up and throw you across the room.  Not only that, but the guitar work is a lot more technical here.  I admit at first listen, some of the riffs here sounded a bit trivial at times, but after you get used to it, things start to come together.  Plus, the drumming on here is done a lot better than last time around.  The fills aren't repetive as was the case sometimes on WBIEF.  However, I so have a few problems with this one.  Remember when I said that this one was a lot catchier that WBIEF.  Well, in the process of "popifying" the sound, they sacrifice a lot of the heaviness they used to have.  Don't get me wrong though, DTWF is still very heavy, but not quite as much as I liked before.  I guess they were told if they didn't make this one a bit more radio friendly, they wouldn't make it to their third CD deal.  But this happens to a lot of bands.  This scares me though, because this is a route reminiscent of the one Hawthorne heights took earlier this year, and I think we all know what happened to them.  (No more real fans just teenie boopers ECT)    Still, despite those minor things, this one still retains a sound that defies the mainstream emo.  TOld still screams a lot and let me tell you he does it just as good as before.  The lyrics are a bit better too.  It's not the sad whinney emo stories of WBIEF.  The subject matter here reminds of a more mature silverstien.  So what can I say about this overall?  Silverstien refine their sound and it works too!  Pros-Catchier, Better drums and guitar, and less throway tracks.   Cons-not as heavy, a little repetive but just barely.  I would tell you to go get this if you like Screamo or even emo.  If you like WBIEF and are fearing the Sophomore slump, don't worry!  This one delivers!     