 It never ceases to amaze me how I could compare the best of today's aggressive music to stuff that Converge released in the 90's and still be unimpressed with what we have today.  It seems like everything Kurt Ballou touched became a masterpiece.  "When Forever Comes Crashing Is No Exception".  WFCC was one of the few converge albums that had the fans split on whether or not they like it.  Many fans thought that the production of the album was sloppy and that the overall quality was sub-par compared to the band's previous hit, "Petitioning The Empty Sky".   However, the consensus seemed to be that Converge had pulled off another great release with WFCC.  The songs were fast and hard like always, but still experimental enough to keep it fresh.  Converge had done a good job of meeting if not exceeding the expectations that fans had after PTES.  Converge finally had the sense to re-release both albums, along with new artwork and a supposedly remastered tracklisting, along with a few bonus tracks with both.    WFCC re-release isn't quite what you'd expect in the improvement of quality department.  While I can go back and listen to the old copy seeing the slight improvements in clarity...that still doesn't fix the recurring problems such as lack of bass and occasional unbalancing of the instruments.  I should also add the fact that the bonus tracks are a bit lacking when compared to the surplus of live tracks we got on the PTES re-release.  Sure, a demo version of Bitter and Then Some is a nice bonus, but I'm not sure it's enough to warrant a second purchase of this album.    So now to the actual song reviews.  01-My Unsaid Everything-As with most of their releases, Converge comes in with a bang.  This is easilly one of the best songs on the album.  The tempo changes really show a progression from earlier stuff.  The drumwork on here is also very nice.  02-The High Cost of Playing God-This song is favorite to a lot of fans.  It starts out very hardcore esque and suddenly picks up speed to create a really aggressive and chaotic song.  This is definately one of my favorite songs by the band.  03-In Harms Way-Obviously more experimental.  I suspect Bannon had a hand in writing the music for this because Kurt usually writes the hard stuff.  The real treat for this song is torwards the end when the tempo starts speeding up and it turns into a mosh fest.  04-Conduit-Easilly in the top 5 best converge songs of them all.  If you go to a show and they don't play this then you might want to check and make sure it was converge.  05-The lowest Common Denominator-A highly experimental song by Converge.  Most fans either love or hate it.  06-Bitter and Then Some demo-This song came out in 2001 with Jane Doe and I considered it to be one of the best songs on the album.  It's nice to hear a demo.  07-Letterbomb-I really enjoy this song a lot.  It's got great drum and bass work.  I would say it's one of the better songs on this cd as far as production goes.  08-Love As Arson-What can I say?  Fast as hell and it doesn't let you go.  This song rocks.  Alot.  09-Ten Commandments-This is a slow, almost jazzy song.  I personally love it but a lot of fans will differ.  10-Towing Jehovah-It's more of a metal song but that's surely not a bad thing.  Great guitar work  11-When Forever Comes Crashing-This may just be my favorite song on the album.  I LOVE the guitar in the first seconds of this song.  It's just so capivating.  It sort of slows down in the middle and then all hell breaks loose.   12-Year of The Swine-It's slightly above average for a converge song.  Not a standout but certainly not an under achiever.  The more I looke back at this album the more I've come to love it.   IMO it's much better than PTES.  I'm a firm believer in the fact that Converge was at their peak when Jane Doe came out.  So that would make this album very high up there considering it was released just 3 years before.    If your just getting into Converge, this would be a good bet if you can stand the slight lack in quality.  For me this one ranks up there with Jane Doe and You Fail Me.  Every song here is great.  Personally I would rather they have re-recorded this album but given their strict touring schedule and the fact that the fans are expecting a new album, I don't blame em.     