 Admit it guys, if DCFC would have stayed on Barsuk, you would all be hailing this as their finest album to date!  Sure, you can bitch about the fact that the production is a bit too slick and the songs are a bit too poppy, even for them...  But when it comes down to it, most of you are just mad because the band we've loved for so long is now mainstream, and not indie.  IMO that's just selfish.  We shouldn't be mad just because other people less open to indie are now enjoying the DC that we've always loved.    There's also the fact that now Gibbard has a big expensive Atlantic records studio to work his magic in, we should expect some even more positive things coming from him in the future.  Yeah, I will admit some of these songs sound a bit too polished and cut-and-dry, but it's not really that big a deal.  The tracklist is varied enough for most, and the intsrumental arrangements are what we have come to expect from the standard DCFC lineup.  I have heard a lot of complaints from people saying the keyboards are not as prominent on here as in previous releases.  I completely dissagree.  There may not be a clear cut piano on every track, but the ones that feature it are phenomenal.  The organ on "Marching Bands of manhattan" is one of the best piano uses ever in a DC record.  "Brothers on a hotel bed" is another outstanding keyboard track.  The melody is so soothing you will not believe your ears.    All in all, this is more like Transatlanticism than the older releases.  That's either a good or bad thing depending on what kind of fan you are.  "Plans" simply perfects what DCFC started with "The photo album".  Whether or not you think they perfected it too much is your oppinion.  Personally I'm a bit split in two.  I both love and hate the new production.  It's a lot cleaner but it sounds almost restrained.  Of course, what DC album isn't?  Lyrically, this just might outdo "transatlanticism".  "Plans" is much more philosophical than anything DCFC have ever put out.  Of course the love/life thing is still present, but approached a little bit differently.  Most of the songs will give you a combo feeling of sadness and comfort at the same time.    Whats really impressive though, is how DCFC made the transition to a major label without screwing their fans over.  If you'll all recall, Nirvana/modest mouse/ect...  Had rough transistions from indie to big time status.  DCFC does is with smooth style.  There's not one filler song on here, and that's saying something.  It would have been easy for Gibbard to write "Soul meets Body" and release this with a bunch of other crap tracks, then ride on the success like a russian race horse.  But no, he is loyal to his fans and compiles a tremendously enjoyable pop album that is still indie at heart.  Overall, the questionable production is not near enough to take this below a five star.  The songs are just too good.  Buy this now.     