 Well, I'm usually not a fan of ANY metalcore because I don't like it and I think it's a failing genre.  However, recently I've been getting into a lot metalcore bands just to check out the genre, and I'm happy to say I still dislike the genre.  IMO it all sounds almost the same.  Atreyu, Unearth, The agony scene...and this band...  They all sound like virtually the same band.  Although there are some metalcore bands that do break the "typical" mold.  (I.E. Chaimera, A7X...)  AILD is not one of them.  I can listen to every song on this disc and it all sounds about the same.  Yes, it fails in innovation.  Now, that's no reason to turn away from this.  Especially if you like this genre of music.    Like I said, lately I've been listening to a good bit of metalcore.  I am one who believes in spreading around tastes of music.  In the past month I've listened to a lot of this stuff and let me tell you it gets old fast, but let's see what AILD hold in store for fans of metalcore and anyone wanting to check them out, as I delve into my review  So let's see, what's to like about this band?  first off the musicianship is great!  I was awed when I saw them live at the skill they have with their instruments, while all were headbanging and chugging straight through every song flawlessly.  The riffs on here may not be the most original in metalcore but they are executed quite well.  I have heard from many that AILD has one of the best drummers in the genre...  I'm sorry guys, but he did not do it for me.  Unearth's drummer is better than this.  I mean seriously, it's not that hard to chuck up the same double bass beat almost every song.  If your looking for some masterful drumming, go check out mastodon or converge.  Furthermore, the bass isn't as good as on Frail words collapse.  It's almost as if they gave it a downgrade.  For shame.  Now, how about production?  This is one of the few areas where the band shines very brighly.  I'll admit, Frail words collapse was pretty poorly produced.  SAS is very well done in comparison.  Everything on here is much cleaner and in an easier to take package VS the dirty FWC.  I've learned from reading reviews on this band that a small crowd is mad about this band being christian.  Please guys, grow up.  Nobody really cares what their religion is.  I've seen this same argument with bunches of other bands like Norma jean and underoath.  Can't we just listen to them because they sound good?  Not because of their political stance or beliefs... If anything, AILD is a cookie cutter metal band and I wouldn't notice the difference between these guys and unearth anyday.  One big change on this CD is that AILD throw some singing into the mix.  I suspect many will resent them for it, saying that this makes them un-hardcore.  I think just the opposite.  It takes a daring band to change up their sound for a CD that many will be expecting to be better than the last.  Personally, I think it's well done and good for them for coming out with something unexpected.  So all in all, AILD has created a decent follow up to Frail words.  Sure, it may not be that innovative or original, but that doesn't mean fans of metalcore are going to hate this.  If you liked their last release or are just looking for some heavy riff laced double bass drum beats to rock out with, try this out and see where it leaves you.  I think you'll be satisfied.     