 I've been a Coheed and Cambria fan since their second album.  I got word of it by means of the emo scene.  IE: (Hot topic, friends)  I had heard them before and thought they were good after hearing some of the songs and I decided to buy IKSOSE3. I thought it was good but not flooring.  It's just sci-fi emo and progressive rock with a bit of metal mixed in.  This is a mix that I never could get into, so I failed to really dig the CD.  I did however enjoy the unique vocals, and the obvious songwrting ability that existed there.   One negative thing I strongly felt about Coheed and Cambria a half year ago was that they had perfected their style.  (as in they were at their peak when they released IKSOSE3.)  The sad part about this new album is that they attempt to improve this already perfected style, and it doesn't work.  Sure, it's a solid Prog. Rock/metal/alternative record.  (none of these are genres I even like)  But, it lacks in many respects.  Firstly it's repetitive, a problem that was less than evident on past releases from this band.  It starts to show a lot on here because they use similiar chord progression on most of the songs.  The choruses and bridges just don't pick me up like other Coheed songs.  I'll listen to a song and think to myself: wow that didn't entertain me nearly as much as say: Three evils did.  It's just not upbeat like it should be.  This is just the beginning of a long list of problems...  Yes, I have many more gripes...  The whole thing is just too experimental.  There's acoustic tracks on here?  No offense Claudio, it's nice that your moving to different styles of music...but I didn't pay for a couple less than decent acoustic songs.  Also, the metal and latino elements here are overdone.  I understand that Coheed has always had a slight tinge of metal and salsa in their music...  But some songs on here overbear this influnce, and in a bad way.  Like, the last track, sounds like a crappy carlos santana instrumental.  (who wants that) And the single welcome Home sound like it should be filed under pop metal...  Despite these and many other complaints, I'm going to stick this album with a 2.5.  Remember guys, there are 15 tracks here.  (even though one is an intro and another is a remix of track 6)  You don't usually get that many songs these days.  Plus, despite all the errors above, most of the songs manage to provide some pretty catchy vocals.  But I warn all former Coheed fans, this is not the same music your used to buying.    Another thing that just occured to me, CO&CA are pulling a pretty slick strategy marketing this album.  Theyre attemting to create a supposedly artsy fartsy rock opera with this one.  Almost like led zeppelin used to do.  If you'll all remember, Green Day fooled us with this one about a year ago.  You know, the 18 track punk opera that sold millions of copies simply because it was well marketed.  Duh guys.     