 Like most of the software reviewers on this site, I can only base my review of this product on my sole experience with it.  So that is what you'll get.  Now given, I have a considerably high end computer so keep that in mind.  All that aside, I'll start my review.  First things first...  I'm convinced that Spyware Doctor is among the best of the best when it comes to Spyware/adware/ect removal.  I've used all the good ones for some time now.  Ad-aware, Spysweer, Spybot, and even some lesser known programs such as Hijack This.  I've learned a lot about Spyware in the process.  But I'll skip the long end of it and get to the point.  Chances are very good (9/10) that you have spyware on your computer.  Whether you know it or not.  Also, chances are that if your reading this, you want to get rid of it.  Whether it be a pesky cookie tracker or a full blown trojan...  So allow me to give you the straight facts. There is no single anti-spyware program out there that will have you 100% protected.  I know.  I know.  You heard that Norton anti-vir/internet security is the best top dollar software you can get and there is no better protection.  I say bull crap.  Big name software companies like Symantec and Mcaffee are ALL talk.  I have used norton and I can safely say it did me much more harm than good.  (it uses up way too many system resources for one thing)  I realize we can't all be computer wizzes.  (which I know I certainly am not)  But, spending 50+ dollars on something like Norton software is not a good investment.    So now your probably wondering what IS a good investment.  Since this review is about Spyware Doctor, I'll start with it.  You can get this software for half of what Norton costs and it's 10 times more effective, I assure you.  It's faster and gets way more stuff detected.  Not only does SD present it's search finds in an easy to understand manor, but it's also loaded with extra features like on-guard protection and quarantine.  I can also say that it fins a lot more than most programs of it's caliber.  But, like I said earlier there is no single program that will completely rid you of spyware.  That's why your need to buy this download/buy two or more of the following:  Webroot Spysweeper Ad-aware SE personal (free) Spybot (free) yahoo anti-spy (free)  I also recommend your scan with these once a week because well, spyware never sleeps and you shouldn't either.     