 I first heard these guys in summer 2004.  I was on vacation and a local kid told me they were playing so I threw caution to the wind and went to see this band I had never heard of.  At first I thought: oh great, another acoustic three peice faggot emo band.  I was far from reality.  They played a 4 song acoustic set that only had one drumming song...  However, despite the fact that it was so simple, and they were so...indie.  Anyone that knows me would tell you I hate generic simple emo pop.  Why was I liking this band?!  Why did I buy the Demo at the merch booth?  After listening to the demo, then buying this EP almost a year later, I know the answer.  I have heard so many bands like these guys.  Saves the day, something corperate, Death cab, Sherwood, plus a thousand other indie pop acoustic acts that seem no different...AT FIRST GLANCE.  Let me tell you people, these guys have something that none of the former do.  The vocals...are...great.  Sad but soothing.  The guitar may be simple.  (like 2 chords per song)  but it's done so well.  You get sucked in.  The lyrics are also far beyond the genre.  Everything about these guys sticks out only when you take the closer look.  Many will pass them off as another crappy indie act but I'm saying it right now!  They are better than that!  Right now, go to purevolume and get the downloadables.  You'll get addicted to this band in minutes like I did.    Now, I will admit, this EP is not their best work.  Thus the 3 stars.  While it's much more diverse than the older stuff, it's also much more atmospheric.  That's a trait I associate with bands like death cab.  And, while I do not look at that as a bad thing, it doesn't work for this band.  Fortunately their new LP is a lot better than this one due to the fact that they  go back to the old style they had.  That doesn't mean though, that this EP sucks...  Far from it actually.  It's got some really unique stuff on it that will keep you guessing what they'll do next.    All in all, I wouldn't recommend this for people just trying to get into the band.  Go download the purevolume stuff or buy the new LP.  This EP is strictly for those diehard fans, or fans of Death cab.  I'm not saying it's not as good as the other material DLD have, but it is different and moodier.  Not a package that's as easy to take as other DLD material.      