 Ok, so picture this scenario as the theme for an album.  You wake up to find your house has been robbed and a family member has been kidnapped.  The ransom note is sitting on the counter just waiting to be read.    This is the scene that starts out Endicott's "The words in ink don't lie"  It plays out almost like a movie being told from three different perspectives.  the kidnapper, the victim, and the family.  It's pretty deep stuff for a band this new into the scene to be taking on.  Maybe even too deep.  I heard about Endicott surfing around on Amazon and was caught off guard by the amazing Artwork on the cover, which oddly enough was done by non other than the band.  It took me about 3 weeks to find it but finally I got it at best buy and dug into the packaging with anticipation.    Being on Equal Vision, I figured the production would be good but the first thing I noticed in the sound was the opposite.  I think the word here is: Overproduced. Even if the crew here worked with great bands like TBS and Thursday... The guitars sound computer generated and the vocals are constantly drowning out everything.  Eventually I learned to deal with it but that wouldn't be the case if equal Vision would put more thought into lower rank bands like this.  Strike one Equal Vision...  A good way to describe the CD would be a musical story.  That's also Ironic though.  Because even though there's three different tellers of this story the singer has to translate, his style never changes.  So it's hard to diffrentiate between the narrators.  But whatever...he has a good voice.  It's a good crossroad between melodic and a kind of hardcore off-key tone.  I like it a lot.  The screaming parts are pretty well done too.  I'll go ahead and get to the truly sad part about this album.  Basicly all the songs are in the same key.  The guitar chords get really repetative being played over and over like they are.  Sure, they have good rythm and some tracks do vary the tone a bit but overall these songs all meld together.  I suppose that's where the band gets the punk rock influence from.  Which is essentially what this CD is: Post-hardcore, with a tinge of emo and metal.    Lyrically I'm not so sure.  The theme explains a lot but is constantly singing about blood and tears going to strike that deeply?  I don't think so.  I want to hear some epic emotions.  I want to feel what the kidnappers are feeling.  But sadly the effect is far less.  Some of the words are just plain out immature.  While Cure touches on some deeper feelings at certain points, he still sounds like a Daryl Palumbo or geoff rickly wannabe more than an actuall lyricist.  But whatever...  While Endicott doesn't really push any boundaries for the ever changing face of post-hardcore, I found this to be a rather enjoyable CD.  It's got a good blend of the genres I have come to love over the years.  pop-punk, emo, hardcore, metal, ECT... With all of this it's easy to see why they'd hail from New York.  Despite all the intruiging influences, it's clearly a formulaic album.  The rythm's all sound like they were pulled straight from an emo-pop CD from last year.    Perhaps Endicott is hoping to be the next Thursday.  In any case they are only just a little bit better than generic.  In fact, if it wasn't for the theme based album and the original vocals, this would be the newest TBS rippoff.  If it gets any worse than this then Equal Vision will become the next victory records.    This was a very ambitious undertaking from Endicott.  Perhaps they simply bit off much more then they could chew.  I only hope that they can find their direction before anybody decides to put out their next CD.  I about decided to give this CD a two star but then considered the fact that equal Vision might be more at fault here than Endicott.  So in that respect I will give them three.     