 Wow, I see so many reviewers of this album bashing Worship and Tribute simply saying that ETYEWTKAS was harder and better... How can you even compare this to that album?!  ETYEWTKAS was one of the most influential Hardcore/screamo albums ever made!  In my mind that CD the best of the best of the genre!  Sorry guys but no CD will ever top that one, not even worship and tribute.  There's just no way.  So let's talk about the album itself.  Well it's obviously less Angsty than their last, but Darly is still clearly pissed (just not as much).  It's also clear that the various styles of music are still here.  Yes, mixes of Hardcore, screamo, and even emo are here.  Glassjaw prove again with this one: you can't place them in a genre.  They are unlabelable.  Songs like Tip your Bartender and Mu Empire open up the album making you think your in for a purely hardcore treat.  However, this is not the case, due to other tracks like Convectuoso and Must Have Run all day, that slow down the pace.  I know, I known...  Your probably assuming that's going to be a waste of your time.  This is untrue.  I found that the slower tracks add more of a break in between fast songs, rather than drag the album down.  Glassjaw has also mixed up their sound a bit and in some ways they are a catchier band than last time.  There are more scene friendly songs here, that are less pioneering than stuff on there last recordings.  That will mean that less people will shy away from this CD, unlike before when many were shocked by the brutal originality of their music.  this isn't a bad thing though, as they stick to the old formula that fans love so much....ah the fans.  Yes, Glassjaw fans are some of the wildest I've seen.  I once witnessed about 15 glassjaw fans raise hell at a show that was primarily consisting of people who just wanted to see the used.  Would I say it's a dangerous job to be a glassjaw fan?  Yes!  So seriously guys, do yourself a favor and pick up a couple CD's from these dudes.  You won't be dissapointed!     