 Usually, I stay away from metal.  I'm a straight up hardcore fan.  I induldge in stuff like Norma Jean and The bled.  But after hearing about Mastodon, I decided they might be different than the rest of the metal bands out there.  First off, I wouldn't rate this as metal...  it's more like Metalcore but whatever.  I would also not even call this music, but more like audio art.  Most of the songs on here are purely just for ear candy. there's a lot of cool sounds on Remission.  All of the songs are very different.  From the hard and fast opener: "Crusher Destroyer" to the country sounding "nessie"  Thi album covers much ground.  For the most part though, it's an offshoot of metalcore that delivers some great and not so great moments.  Me being a fan of hardcore, I instantly fell in love with "crusher Destroyer"  It's random, chaotic, and faster than anybody's business.  Sadly, this is a feeling that is not delivered throughought the album.    Most tradtional fans of the genre will brush this off as artsy fartsy garbage.  But I think otherwise.  Mastodon are a band driven by quite a few unique elements.  The musicianship on here is very impressive, better than most bands in the pot.  The drumming is probably some of the best, inclusing the guitars which go great with it.  Also, the band tends to enjoy theme based songs and albums, another thing that adds to their artsy feel.  Also, emo fans should stay away.  This band has an odd way of appearing emo while really being quite the opposite.  The lyrics are mostly storyteller style.  I think this band just enjoys writing songs about random morbid things.  There's nothing wrong with that.  He's a great growler.    I was also happy to find that the band is from my home state, Georgia.  It's great to see good bands like this coming out of a place normally removed of any good music.    A final word before my song by song review, if you aren't quite open minded about music, you probably won't like this.  Mastodon has an odd style about them that takes a few listens to stand.  Just give it a chance.  I rate really hard so dont worry if its low  1-Crusher Destroyer---9/10---This is easilly my fav in the album.  Great riffs, and great drumming.  It's a crazy ride of a song.  2-March of the fire ants---7.5/10---A song that doesn't get really awesome until the middle.  there's a great guitar solo here.  3-where strides the behemoth---7/20---fast and heavy.  Good breakdowns.  Awesome drums.  4-workhorse---7/20---It's just good.  The lyrics are pretty cool too.  5-ole nessie---6/10--The intro is a bit long but the song as a whole is good.  6-burning man---6.5/10---What can I say.  it's fast.  it's got more sick crumming...  I like it.  7-trainwreck---5/10---this is a real moody song.  It doesnt really do it for me, but the ending is still pretty cool.  8-trampled under hoof---7/10---it's good, it's fast, you'll like it.  9-trilobite---5/10---it's another moddy song, I dont really like it.  10-mother puncher---7.5/10---the lyrics are super cool and the guitarwork on here is great.  11-Elephant man---an instumental filler that doesnt even deserve a score.  CONCLUSION---This record is more hardcore than people give it credit for.  I recomend this to any openmided hardcore/metalcore/metal fan. TOTAL 7/10     