 First off, I'm not agnostic or aitheist.  I am christian and yes, I am a Bad Religon fan due to the fact that I agree with their social and political views, just not the religious ones.  Greg Graffin, I will admit is a genious.  So...  I can get on with my review.  I've been a considerably through and through punk fan for about 2 years now and I lsten to just about anything.  Sex pistols, pennywise, misfits...you name it.  I hate it when people say the the music is anti-bush and anti-religious and all that stuff that bands like BR get hyped for.  That's not my reason.  I listen for the music.  I love punk and I'm sure most BR fans will find common ground with that statement.  I have heard many rants and raves on this album about how it is indeed experimental punk more than true bad religion.  That may be so, but I think it's a good change.  after over 20 years of listening to this band, I can say that about every album they put out was similiar to the last, and it's time they tried something a little different.  They decided to go out on a limb and attempt a new way of punk.    I'm not talking about pop-punk or any other previously hatched up form of the word thrown about.  I think BR has a bit of a genre change on this one.  They are found in more choir chants than ever before.  The vocals are a lot more complex.  There are many changes that make this one quite different.  First, I think this album is the catchiest punk made in a while.   Usually, someone would call this pop-punk due to the catchiness, but this is NOT pop-punk.  It's genuine punk indefinately that still manages to be quite catchy.  I'd say that's a great effort by the band to pull this off.  Anyway, I figure I will give you guys a track by track overview.  Without the stupid "I think this song means" crap.  1.overture---4/10---this manages to be a good intro among others  2.Sinister rouge---8/10---This one kicks strait out of the intro and hits you hard until the end.  A great kicker.  3.Social Suicide---7.5/10---A little less crazy than the former, but the guitar is great.  4.aethiest peace---7.5/10---Same as the last song.  It's good but something is missing.  5.all there is---9/10---this song has to grow on you.  The chorus will tear you apart after you get used to the new feel.  6.los angelod is burning---6/10---not so good...I just dont like it.  7let them eat war---9/10---guitars in this are totally sick.  Rapping is good too.  8.god's love---8.5/10---another great song.  It's really preachy feeling but in a cool way.  9.to another abyss---6/10---doesn't grasp me  10.the quickening---7/10---it's good.  But there's better here.  11.the empire strikes first---8/10---it's just a cool preachy song.  12.beyond elictric dreams---7.5/10---this one gets old after a while but I still like it.  13.boot stamping on/...---7/10---it's okay  14live again---8/10---this is a really good finisher.     