 When I first heard about The Chariot I was ecstatic.  Josh Scogin was coming back to the scene for more Christian hardcore action, and it was promised that his new band dubbed "The Chariot" would be a lot like old Norma Jean.  (something that I have missed since he left that band)  I missed that raw sound found on CD's like "Bless The Martyr" and "Throwing Myself" that Josh had headed.  Don't get me wrong, the newer Norma Jean songs are great, but they still aren't the same.  I'm sure fans everywhere felt very similiar to myslef at that time.  However, the LP brought much controversy.  The quality was even lower than that of BTMAKTC.  They didn't even use sound gates for the guitars, which IMO is kind of cool but for the most part, it annoyed people.  There was m0re feedback than actuall music and while the concept was really neat, even I have to admit it did take away from the experience just a bit.  To summarize, the fans were kind of pissed...  That's when The Unsung EP comes in...to make right what was wrong with "Everything is Alive".  The band promised 4 of our favorites from the LP re-recorded (with better quality obviously) and 2 all new tracks, plus a live show.   Judging from what I've heard and seen so far, this EP delivered.  The first song on the EP, "Yanni Depp" (and yeah they are all named after celebrity's with slight consonant changes) is a kicker.  While it follows Chariot tradition in shortness, coming in at a mere 2 minutes and 40 seconds, it makes up for that with the raw power you'd come to expect from them.  In case you didn't know, The Chariot only has one guitarist now.  Harbin does a good job of compensating however.  He also has a great voice which complements Josh even better on the EP I think.  There's also the presence of a new, younger drummer.  He seems more in touch with the scene though, and less with his set.  While he has a nice style, I still don't think he can match the chaos of the old guy.    The new songs are done quite well.  The level of production is about on par with what I expected, and some parts have been mixed up from the previous. EX:the banjo in the middle of Vinn Affleck.  Nice...  The only downer is the new song, "Play The Piano Like A Disease".  I don't really know why, but that song just didn't do it for me.  It's just not all that great IMO.     