 Paramore is not the first to go down the road that Fueled by Ramen offers to other pop-punk/emo acts succh as the hugely successful fallout boy and The widely acclaimed "The academy is..."  Lately this label has been introducing to us a slew of new bands in that genre.  The list goes on and on:  Panic at the disco, Days Away, Gym Class Heros, and more.  Paramore finds itself among these bands.  Sure, they might become the next Fallout Boy if they play their cards right, and they Female singer might have as many guys looking at her as there are girls swooning over "the acedemy is'... Singer.  But the real question here is:  Do these kids sound good?  The CD opens up with the strong "all we know"  The chorus makes for a very catchy opener that instantly delivers.  It's already evident at this point of the recording that this band has a great Rythm section.  There's also a nice solo in this song.    Pressure, the second track is another great song.  Probably better than "all We know"  The riffs on this song rock.   Probably one of my favorite tracks is "brighter"  It's got the slow sad verse and then a dynamic chorus that's just executed well.  Hayley's amazing vocal range is well showcased in this song.  The remainder of the CD has some pretty diverse tracks.  There are a lot of mixed emotions on this CD, ranging from homesickness to heartbreak and conspiracy.  There are only a couple of tracks here that I don't care for.  Other than that, this CD rocks pretty good, with a vibe that says clearly: a am pop rock...with some punk here and there.  I can't help thinking though, this band has a lot of growing to do.  First off, the guitarist sings well, but not enough.  They need to find more parts for him to dual with hayley.  Also, the lyrics are a bit shallow.  They do touch on deeper moods here, but nothing too deep.  I say if they can fix these things up, and a few sound tweaks, they'd be much better.  So in a nutshell, this is a pop-punk band with rock elements mixed in.  The production is great, they are quite catchy, and they have a girl singer, which is far too rare in this genre.  So what are you waiting for...  Buy it!       