 Nowadays, many teens rely on music for their comfort.  Some find joy in hip-hop.  Others simply listen to whats on the radio.  We also have the emo kids and the goths.  Oh, and lest we forget the punks and sXe!  It's safe to say that genres now rule and 90% of people simply won't be openminded about their music.  It just isn't logical that a kid who worships Slipknot would hear about Kanye West's new CD and go out and purchase it on a whim.  The chances are second to none.  But I've found that every once in a while, a CD comes along that simply demands to be listened to.  Every blue moon some band or artist will release an album so magnificent and devestating that it simply cannot be refused.  Epic works like Mastodon's Leviathan album, which seized the metal genre and uprooted it from it's ground.  Or perhaps Glassjaw's Everything you ever wanted to know about silence?  The CD that even today holds it's own cult following for reinventing hardcore.   I could go on for days about these few albums that have achieved such great status, but since this review is about only one CD, I'll stop at that.  It's rare that heavy music can ever be regarded as catchy.  There's no pop hooks or sing along choruses to get you into it.  Thus, we must face the fact that heavy music (heavy metal, hardcore, and any other core) will never take the lead in mainstream music.  I believe however, that Jane Doe is the CD that could have done this, and Converge is the only band that could have pulled it off.  I can't think of a single genuine hardcore CD that is as innovative and epic as this.  Of course it makes since that Converge would have done this.  After all, they are regarded as the best hardcore/metalcore band of the 90's.  Songs like "The Saddest Day" gave them trumendous prestidge in the scene.  Along with their frontman Jacob Bannon, an artist and college proffesor who just looks like he's pissed at the world.  The news of their live energy passed on and by 97' they were damn near close to taking the hardcore crown of the decade.  Today, many people consider them to be legends.  Their technicality cannot be denied.  Even bands like Dillenger escape plan are trying to keep up with the tempo changes that Converge made so famous.  Bannon's distorted scream is so chaotic that any attempt at making out the lyrics is completely nullified even with the words at hand.  Before I start my review, I need to urge you to go out and buy this album right now.  The Booklet alone is worth whatever you'll pay for it.  You won't be dissapointed and wish you would have downloaded, as I myself would be proud to say I own this peice of art.    So finally here we are...no one but you, me, and this CD.  Where do I begin?  Well, Jane Doe is an album entirely about an unidentified female body, if the title didn't give it away.  In fact this is the same female body that supposedly ruined Bannon's life.  These songs have been described as a huge hunk of emotional garbage.  It sounds like it too.  The emotion in bannon's voice is unmistakable...almost inhuman.  I'm not kidding here guys.  Some of the vocals here are suspiciously animal like.  Which is weird considering the only VOX effect he used was distortion.  Clearly he has some mixed up brutality complex going on in his head to produce something this crazy.  If you want to know what I mean then listen to "Phoenix In Flames".  This song is just drums and vocals but is comparable only to a jaguar fight.  Literally, that's what it sounds like.    Converge as usual, come out swinging with a massive beast of a song.  Concubine...  This song has probably the longest breakdown I've ever heard.  It's at least 10 seconds long.  The double bass used here is phenomenal.  It's got more tempo changes in it's one minute bag of tricks than other songs that last five.  As soon as you think it's over, you'll be proved wrong though...as the song immediately cuts into "Fault and Fracture".  This song can only be described as classic Converge.  It's that simple.  Next, you'll be greated by what seems like a more mellow but jumpy song.  "Distance and Meaning" almost sounds sort of dancable yet evil in nature, however it's malice soon shows as it's chorus is unveiled.   All the sudden a WALL of distorted noise will crash into your ears.  I jumped when I first heard it.   Finally, the album gives us a break after roughly 8-10 minutes of chaos, "hell to pay" comes on.  This song is pretty bass heavy and has a way of creeping around you.  It seems to me that this is Bannon's idea of a mind game with the listener.  Every new instrument that's introduced during select intervals of the song threatens to speed it up and slaughter your ears.  Fortunately though, the song ends jokingly enough...with no real harm done!  I myself was relieved to be rid of it.  But OH!  I was far from out of the fire.  All the sudden a screech of distortion appears, introducing the earth shattering, yer catchy as hell "Homewrecker"   This song is probably my personal favorite off the album, as it combines Converge's obvious influence with old school punk rock.  I love it!  Next comes "The Broken Vow" a song that can't seem to decide if it wants to go all out like the rest or become something slower.  Even still,  it's a mammoth song that shouldn't be overlooked.   "Bitter and Then Some" follows after sounding almost metally.  But that doesn't in any way keep it from ripping out your spine.  "heaven in Her Arms" is another Converge classic about love of all things.  Finally, we get to the album's showcase of sorts.  The two phoenix songs.  In a nutshell this is 4 minutes of slow distored art guitars, followed by one minute of pure hell.    So we've made it to the end of the CD.  Only two tracks to go?  yes...but converge has obviously saved some of the best for last.   "Thaw" is an instant classic in it's own right.  The tempo changes combined with the vocals are simply awe inspiring and sickining.   It's majesty could only be followed by the title track though...   She starts slow and ends frantically.  That's all I can say about Jane Doe.  Some parts will rip you and some will soothe you...but in any case it will end the album and you'll probably end like me, being compelled to buy the entire Converge Catolouge because your going to be addicted to the band forever.       