 Ok, so let's get past the satanic idiots who think this isn't hard enough.  Let's look through the emo posers who only like MCR and bought this cause it looked cool.  Heck, just ignore those people, half of them haven't even listened to the album and they seriously need to take a chill pill and get a hold of their life and stop wasting time bashing on Amazon.  Good lord guys, some of you are sooo sad.  Why can't we just give a fair and objective review of this CD that's NOT based on their faith and whether or not they eat deer parts in their spare time.  I'm also getting really tired of all these people who compare this to metal.  THIS IS NOT METAL IT"S FULL BLOWN HARDCORE WITH SOME METAL ELEMENTS!  So stop you stupid slandering and go review some actual metal.  So, the actual CD!  Finally!  Wow, this one's a mammoth of a CD.  I first purchased O' god the aftermath after hearing that this band was good.  At that time I really wasn't into hardcore too much, mostly screamo and old 70's punk.  At first I didn't really like it.  It had almost no melody and just sounded like a bunch of instruments and screaming.  However, I kept givinbg this album second chanced and I think about the 5th listen down I realized that there was a gem under all that chaos.  The lyrics, the screaming, the random twanging of guitar strings.  Wow, this is art, and beautiful art at that!  I fell in love with OGTA and instantly needed more.  So I bought this: BTMAKTC.  At first I was skeptical, they had a different singer when they recorded this, and they used no computers and only took two takes for each song...  Uh oh, this might not be that good, was my thought.  Oh how wrong I was!  This CD is superior to the new one in every way possible.  The drums are done way better. The singer Josh Scogin is WAY better than the new guy!  The bass is a lot more present, which is always good.  The guitarwork owns the stuff from O God.  And to top the whole thing off, the production quality is better.  Now, I know what you're going to say.  "How could an album not produced by computers be better than one that was?"  It's simple, this one has that genuine live sound that that O god is missing.  It just sounds cooler when recorded live.    Those are just a few reasons why this bad boy deserves HXC album of the decade.  The song names own.  The art is sickly, I mean look at that baby on the cover...  They have an awesome live show to boot!  I don't care what anybody else thinks.  With this CD Norma Jean creates a sound that defines good hardcore.  I've heard the other ones.  Converge, Dillinger Escape Plan, and everything.  None of them come close. The only band I can think of that comes close to reaching this fine level of Hardcore is Mastadon, because they have a better drummer.    All in all, if you love hardcore, or even metal, or metalcore, or any core....  BUY THIS ALBUM AND O GOD THE AFTERMATH!   They rock!  My fav tracks are 1, 4, 7, and 10.     