 what is hardcore?   Chaotic guitar breakdowns?   Hard screaming and fast never let down music?   Falling off a cliff at 100 miles an hour drum beats?   Well, yeah. All those things describe hardcore, but not always Glassjaw.   Yes I would categorize them in the hardcore scene, but listen to this CD after a while and you'll realize that these guys are a lot more than that. They are emotion, they are chaos, they are art, beauty, and lastly, hardcore.   The songs here range in difference. The seconds half of the album lacks a bit more power than the first part, but by no means are these tracks throw away material. It can be said that Worship and tribute is better musically than this, but then again, we're talking about two very different albums. Worship and Tribute is simply a follow up to what is probably the most influential thing to happen to the Hardcore genre.  In fact, I will go as far as to say that Glassjaw even made Hardcore.  Yes, if you actually know anything about the history of hardcore, you will find that the type of stuff we all know and love today hasn't really been around that long.  Bands like Converge, Deftones, poison the well, and Norma Jean...  All great hardcore bands who all deserve equal merits for fueling it's success.  But which of these bands goes back to 1996?  Before people even heard anything reminescant of hardcore, Glassjaw was out and about with their demos thrashing people heads of in the NYC venues and the underground.  The fact is, nobody knew how to take it.  Sure, they toured with the "somewhat hardcorish" Deftones but they were so different and original that people were taken off guard.  That's one of the reason why so few fans understand this.  Glassjaw's sound was the first ever "hardcore" sound.  They were pioneers who did their duty to open up a new genre that they believed in.  I see so many people saying that "glassjaw ripped off (insert hardcore band name)".  The truth is, they ripped Glassjaw so deal with it.  The reviewer Jon said this too but I needed to tell my part.  even today...in 2005.  (10 years from Glassjaw's beginnings)  No band can match what they do.  Even modern day hardcore gods like Norma Jean, poison the well, and converge struggle to reach this level of skill.  To match up instrumentals like Glassjaw does is not an easy thing to do.  Lyrically, this album is very odd and striking. Daryl was straight adge during the writing of this one, but the lyrics really don't reflect that. I've heard the whole album is about one single girl Darly knows, who he obviously hates. The subject matter is extremely dark. (and I don't recomend this as a buy for anybody under 13) Even if Daryl is talking in third person, the images he describes are opaque of Prostitution, sex, drugs, murder, and all out hate, simple and dry. This also plays a big part on the emotion of the songs. Some songs have a makeup of all out hateful feelings and anger. While others are just sad and pitiful.   Some of the vocals on here really force you to feel sorry for the singer. Cries, wails, moans, screams, seizures, and whatnot are common practice for Daryl. It can't be denied that he has one of the most unique voices in hardcore. If someone gave me a glassjaw song without telling me it was them, I would know by this guys voice.  Another unbelievable notion is his range.  He can pull off any vocal in existance.  He can scream in thousands of different ways.  He can sing in thousands of different ways.  it's simply amazing.  Some of his screams are ungodly, and I mean that.  Musically, this album has a plethora of diverse song styles. Ranging from all out hardcore to almost experimental rock, there's a lot of guitar and bass work on this one that makes one rethink the genre and how it should be approached. The first couple of tracks could be taken as slightly experimental hardcore. While some songs like Majour, which starts out sounding like a pop ballad and then splits into a strong bass driven chorus that makes your body tremble.  One thing about Glassjaw that I think is underrated would have to be their basswork. It's very unique and the bass just sounds uber among the other would-be bassists in this pool of music. I can't describe why, but they make it sound like this driving bass beat that owns all others.  I believe Glassjaw was one of the first bands ever to incorporate purposed feedback into regualr guitar playing.  They do it very well in some parts.    So what can be concluded about this one? Glassjaw is obviously a pioneer in hardcore for what they've done here. There's not many bands today that can come close to this CD.  Glassjaw will always be the first and only kings of hardcore.     