 FFTL is easilly one of the most diverse bands of their genre.  It's all here- Emo, emocore, post-hardcore, metal, and even acoustics.  In short this album will have you thinking your listening to a compilation of various emo/emocore/post-hardcore/pop-punk bands. I found that even though the album is constantly changing pace, I still found myself enjoying songs from genre's like techno pop on this CD.  Even if you just like Emo, or Emocore, don't shy away just because of the acoustib tracks or the different stuff.  Your going to like it all.    FFTL has a lot of humor in this one, obviously they're making a comic play on the whole teen angst thing.  They take a different view on it than most other bands.  In some songs it's hard to tell if they really have the emotion there or if they're just poking fun at it.  It's funny.  Well....here's ur track by track review be-atch. I review hard so...   track 1-intro-soliquey---4/10---this isn't even really a track it's just an intro that trails into track 2.  But it is kinda cool.  track 2-the one armed boxer VS the...---8.5---this is easilly one of the better songs on here.  It's fast as hell and a great precursor to the rest of the cd.  Sort of like a telling of what's to come.  track 3-Note to self---8/10---this is the song that got me into this band.  It's another really great song but not their best.  More of a catchy feel that hits you hard the first time and keeps reminding you how pissed Sonny is.  track 4-I liked you better before you were naked on the internet---6/10---this is my least fav track on here.  It's a basicly a techno pop song that is really different from the rest of the CD.  Still, it's a cool song.  track 5-featuring some of your favorite words---8.5/10---a fast hardcore song about writers block.  The singing is very catchy.  track 6-Emily---8/10---yeah it's an acoustic song about a chick named Emily, (Sonny's long distance girlfriend).  Despite the displaced awkwardness in an acoustic track here, this is a true emo anthem.  track 7-Secrets don't make friends---8.7/10---this song is better than the 8.5 but not quite to 9.  It only truly shines at the end where Sonny and the backup screamers go in and out trading off an assault of "secrets dont make friends"    track 8-populace in two---7.5/10---nothing super special here.  Just a breakup song with some really good lyrics.  track 9---kiss me i'm contagious---9/10---this song will shatter you.  It's the only true screamo/emocore song on here but they do it so well!  It has an old west theme and the whole thing is just good.  track 10-minuet---7.5/10---an acoustic inturlude...very beutiful.  It's just a pretty song.  track 11-ride the wings of pestilence---9.5/10---best song on here.  Go watch the video now if you don't know what i'm talking about.  It's a total teen angst anthem.  lyrics like: "dear diary my teen angst bull**** has a bodycount, I believe it's six going on seven now"  track 12-untitled---7.5/10---um...it's a weird song...with rapping.  But it's still good.     