 Jesus kids, wake up...  I've heard so many retards on this site talk about how fallout boy is this and that.  I just want to write this so I can clear up a few things.  So don't give me a bad feedback because I'm not bashing the music...duh.  Ok first, these guys aren't punk.  If you think they are punk, you need to go get your nose out of the J-14 and go get a life, because these guys couldn't be farther from it.  Heck, theyre even hypocritical.  Seriously guys, for those of us who have no clue what Punk REALLY is.  It's a way of life, not a music style.  Just because you play a few "catchy" power chords and act all rebellious against modern music, and wear a few scene clothes, does not in any way make you punk.  Punk is being your own person, and rebelling against what you dissagree with, in a smart way.  It's also a lot of other things and if you want to figure that out, go to Bad Religion.com and read Greg Graffin's essay on what it means to be punk.  I think you'll all be surprised at how stupid you are.  Second, they aren't Emo.  First off, Emo and scene is stupid.  All you scene kids who think ur so cool because you listen to fall out boy and green day, and hate abercrombie and fitch kids, well ur just as bad as them.  They exclude kids for not wearing prep clothes, and you guys exclude kids who don't wear your emo scene wears.  Just wake up and realize you are a hypocrit, then go do something useful with your life instead of living a lie.    And why you ask are Fallout boy hypocritic?  well for starters they claim to hate mass marketed emo bands in their lyrics, but sadly they ARE one...   OMG really?  You don't say...  So save yourself the trouble.  If you want real punk go but some pennywise or dead kennedy's or old bad religion...  If you want to be anything close to real emo go but some underoath or maybe some from first to last.  Geeze...  I think I've said enough for now.  I could go on and argue with you guys for ages but I seriously don't care.       