 I believe I was triggered to buy this EP by a sticker I got in a used record store.  It was a simple run of the mill advertisement sticker for the CD and I got it cause it looked cool.  But yeah, you know the drill with me, I bought it.  The first thing that comes to mind is the obvious DCFC influence.  However, after some research I discovered this band has been around just as long, if not longer than Death Cab.  Wow...  That's a long time to be putting out CD's this unsuccessful.  My first impression was more or less good.  They sounded a little more lo profile than DCFC but there wasn't anything that put them apart in terms of talent.  If you take a closer look at the songs though, there are a lot of differences.  As you'd guess with these type of bands, they're from the northwest and I won't go through the whole "seattle=emo rippoffs" speech but I think the majority of you get what I mean.  I haven't heard much of this bands previous material at present but for some reason I can sense that this EP is a stray away from what they've done before.  It sounds almost like Daphne Loves Derby when they found their own sound on "Strength of all convinced".  Maybe that's it, that TPP has finally found their sound.    There's a lot of stuff on here that sounds to me like it was done on a computer.  In fact, all of it except the vocals and some guitar parts sound Comp. generated.  It's a spooky but interesting factor.  Everything sounds looped and the drums are always fading into the background trying to keep the beat going but at the same time trying to fool you into thinking they aren't there.  In fact, this EP sounds like it could have been produced entirely by one guy, given that guy knows a lot about audio mixing and production.  Thats not the case however, as there are 4 members in this band.    Production methods aside, this is a really good CD.  The opener has an unorthodox approach, as it starts out very quiet and steady but builds up to a grand rocker of a finish coming in at the 4 minute mark.  Alongside that comes the chorus which is almost too catchy for the song itself.    The second song, "Identity theft" is much more urgent sounding, with a guitar hook reminisent of Lenny Kravits that you will love or hate depending on you taste.  I personally think it's a great way to add innovation while staying with the overall sound.  I like to think of this as the funkadelic track of the album.  It's great.  "In the sun" can only be described as a slow mellow pop song.  It sounds a bit much like early Death Cab or perhaps Sunny day real estate, but the vocals create a sound of their own.  It's not exactly the standout track of the CD but it's not a sleeper either.  Finally, "All My friends" rounds up the EP the way it should.  With a catchy synth melody and a steady drumbeat, accompanied by sad atmospherics.  The flipside is the chorus.  It has a rockery guitar and some poppy vocals that end quickly the first time but leave you wanting more though the next chorus.    Lyrically this is genious.  You would think this guy is Ben Gibbard's young second cousin or something.  His lyrics really reflect Gibbard's style, while keeping a tinge of their own.  I thought about sticking this one with a five star.  I really did because these guys deserve it for making an EP that rises above expectations.  The only thing is, I could have done without track three and "Sucker Punch" is a repeat off "Urgency" That knocks it to a 4.5    I would describe this as a cross between Sunny Day Real Estate and DCFC with more pop and less emo.  It's very nice...  These guys should be big.  They are obviously approaching their peak so now is probably the best time to jump on the bandwagon.     