 I heard about My Chemical Romance long before they reached MTV success.  But honestly, they didn't interest me enough to really care that much.  SO after Three Cheers came out I got it and decided to give this one another try.  After a few more listens I felt like the albums were very similiar yet different, so don't discard me if I make some comparisons here.  IBYMB is at heart a horror punk album.  Lot's of fast punk riffs and the like that goes along with the genre.  However, these guys pull a lot of songs out of the bucket where I think:  Wow if they changed that chord to this and that riff to that other one this song would be off the charts on MTV.  The only thing is, they don't do that, they keep the unchatchy guitar chords in place of the popier ones found on three cheers. So does that mean this is a less catchy version of three cheers? Not exactly.  First off, the drummer for this one was a bit different.  IMO he was a bit better than the current one, but whatever he's similiar.  The vocals are surprisingly same.  You can't tell the difference between Gerard's old voice and now, however Frank and Ray sound a lot different on this one.  I'd also say that the guitarwork here is a bit different.  Sounds a bit like a dirty AFI from long ago.  Which is not a bad thing.  ALso, it's a good idea to say that the production quality isn't exactly A+ but it's done by Eyeball, a record company that I respect more than others.  I really hate to say it, but there's a bunch of throway songs on here.  Sure, about 5 are good, but the rest are less than memorable.  It's almost like Gerard and the guitar are not on the same page at some points in here.  His voice does not always match the guitarwork.  This in turn creates a sound that makes the whole CD sound underthought.  I must admit, three cheers is better in almost every respect, except perhaps lyrics and vocals.    That's about all I can say about this one.  I would say to get it only if you liked three Cheers A LOT. Other than that stay away unless you like dreary sounding horror punk.      