 Funeral for a friend have definately changed since their Seven Ways EP. What used to be a post-hardcore **** you B**** band has now matured into a lyrically strong band that shares music traits with some of the popular emo bands. Their excuse for the change in style is that after they got on tour with "casually dressed" they realized that songs about girls and hating life are not all that matter. They began to enjoy other types of music and also formed more mature oppinions about the world that show in "hours."   I first heard this and thought, well they have taken their sound and given it a more mainstream sound.  But the more I listened the more I realized how much of a natural change it was.  Many fans are going to label this as something like Selling out or trying to pull off an alternative rock hit.  I completey dissagree.  FFAF was basicly the first and still best UK post-hardcore band.  They have competed with the likes of Alexisonfire and Lost Prophets.  They created a mind numbing EP that outdid any other I've heard.  Seven songs of total awesomeness.  Which was followed by the full length release which was just as good but more melodic.  But, with Hours...FFAF have totally gone into the do or die attitude.  So basicly, FFAF have grown up. They no longer scream in anger but that's not totally bad. The awesome guitarwork we have come to love is still here for the most part. And vocals are as good as ever. This CD may not be as heavy but it does have a good feel to it. No doubt, the hardcore fans of 7 ways EP will be dissapointed, but maybe if we concentrate more on the deeper substance, we will come to better understand the new approach the band has taken.   Songs like history will have skeptics turning away but those like Streetcar and End of nothing will definately prove to be classics.  I think the real explanation is innovation.  The band has taken all their artistic prowess and lyrical talent to make one monster of a rock album that's going to blow your head off with it's skill.  The second single, Monsters is a definative rock song with a punk fused chorus.  The riff and vocal melody is an obvious sign of progression in sound.    Like I said earlier, the lyrics are much more well thought out now.  No longer is Matt whining about lovelorn days or hatred.  He's preaching his on sermon here.  There's a lot of lyrics that sound personal, social, and political.  It's a maturity grab bag.  It still amazes me though, that through all this FFAF keeps the metal and hardcore emelements.  very much so in End of Nothing.  That's enough to please even the most procrastinating of fans.   All the rage---7/10---It's a strong opener. It has that great guitarwork.   Streetcar---8.5/10---This is probably one of my favorites. I don't care if it's a single and it's poppy. the video is awesome.   Roses for the dead---7/10---I can't say it's really good, but it's certainly not the best track on here.   Hospitality---6/10---they slow down the pace on this one. It's a little different than past FFAF.   Drive---6.5---this is another slow one. It's a bit better than the former.   Monsters---7/10---I believe this is the new single. I don't really like it though. It's too repetitive and poppy.   History---8/10---This is a major change for the band. It's almost a slow emo song. Very sad but I like it.   Recovery---7/10---the CD finally speeds up again with this song. The guitarwork is really good.   End of Nothing---8.5---this might be the only song on here that sounds like the old FFAF. It's quite good.   Alvarez---6/10---The guitars are pretty cool but thats it.   Sonny---4/10---it's a sucky slow techno song.     conclusion===I would have given this a 3 star if it weren't for a couple of standout tracks that keep this good. If your a fan of the old FFAF and don't accept their new sound, go download end of nothing and streetcar and know that you didnt miss anything else. Otherwise, you might want to pick this up if you have an open mind.     