 It was after purchasing a Cursive CD at best buy that I first heard about Bright Eyes.  They had CD's littered all through the Saddle Creek catalog.  I got curious, but not very.  So later at school an indie kid I know was wearing a Bright Eyes shirt.  Me and him don't typically have much in common musically, except cursive.  (He's a saddle creek freak)  That did it though, I had to check out this band.  I went to Best Buy again the following weekend and bought the cheapest bright eyes CD they had.  "Every day and every night EP"  I made a big mistake going into that listen.  I was expecting some sub-pop indie emo EP that would really be special.  That's not what Bright Eyes is.  I gave the EP a 2 star and ran off.  After reading some other Bright Eyes reviews on Amazon though, I started to see my mistake.  Bright eyes is not really music, to compare it to other music is stupid.  What Conor Oberst is really doing, is creating poetry and puting melody to it.  That must be why the reviews for Bright Eyes are so split.  One side hates Bright Eyes because they bought a CD looking for great indie music.  The other side praises Conor Oberst because they realize this is really poetry with music.  In fact, I now think Bright eyes should be categorized under spoken word, rather than music.  That's how dependant the music is on the lyrics.  That's not to say that the music is bad by itself, no.  bright eyes can make songs teeming with emotive both in music and words.  It's really a simple concept: Oberst can contend with some of the best writers of our time, and yes he writes music too.  What does all this mean though?  And when will I actually review this CD?  You'll find out momentarily!    I will say this, though...  To be a true Bright Eyes fan, you must put forth effort into actually paying good attention to the songs written.  I made the horrid mistake of expecting a CD I could pop in and just relax to.  When really, we need to do just the opposite and actually try to decode the message of the song.  That all aside, I can get to my review.  Well, when I went over to best buy, I decided to get this EP.  It looked pretty cool, and it was cheap like the last one.  "From a balance beam"  may indeed be the best song here.  I was duly impressed when I first heard it.  It's sub-pop goodness, with a drumroll to die for.  The lyrics are really good, even for Bright eyes standard.  It has so many different examples of past and present poetic styles.  It's really a great precursor to the rest of the CD.   "Messenger Bird's song" is really one of those songs that tested my understanding of bright eyes.  It's one of Conor's forays into the folk genre, which I hate, but for some reason I found myself liking this slow, laggy, ballad-esque song.  Conor's voice is also very impressive around the second half.  He emotional enough to make up for the sub-par music. Around this time I was reassured that the CD was a good buy, and was happy to hear "We are free men".  It features a guest vocalist who does a pretty good job keeping up with Conor.   I can't place what genre this song's trying to hit.  (it may be multiple ones)  but I really like to drums.  They sound quite fresh compared to other stuff I've heard.   "Loose Leaves" is a great way to wind up this CD, sounding sort of like a beatles song.  The melody is probably the funnest on the record.  It sounds sort of techno trancey, but soon show's it's hand when the trumpet comes in about 1:30 into the song.  Being the only fast paced song on the EP, it's a good pick.  There's too many instruments to count on here, and some of them I'm not familiar with.  Nice...  Overall, I enjoyed this knowing now what I do about Bright Eyes.  However, I believe there is better bright eyes stuff out there, so I'm going to go buy another one of their CD's and hope its even better.     