 Nowadays it seems to me that a lot of Indie is overhyped.  I mean seriously...think about that for a second.  Whether your a sudo-indie lover or a newcomer emo kid, there's constantly a new up and coming Indie artist that's being pushed on you as the best thing since "Bright Eyes" or the next huge underground act.  When really, it's not that much different than the literally thousands of other indie bands that liter the thousands of other indie labels.  Sure, every blue moon and one in a million an Indie band comes along that actually meets expectations.  DCFC, The Pale Pacific, and maybe even Cursive...  Those are a few Indie bands I think deserve their hype.    I have actually gotten to a point where I rarely check out a band just because of their hype, especially if they're indie.  It's probable that I'll be throwing my money away on the next DCFC ripoff coming straight from Seattle: The indie/emo capitol of the world.  But for some reason, The Arcade Fire was different...  I first discovered this band just surfing around amazon, the same way I discover most bands now.  At first I just played them off as yet another ubiquotious indie act.  They didn't appear to have any redeeming quality.  Sure it looked to be a good rocker and had quite a bit of rave reviews, but I didn't bother.  But alas, The Arcade Fire persisted.  I kept coming back to them, sometimes by accident even.  So finally, the suspense got to me.  I needed to know if this band was all they were cracked up to be.  And so I purchased "Funeral"  It's a journey.  That's about all I can say in one word.  They're just great.  In so many ways.  The album tells such an isterestingly beautiful story through a veil of passion, emotion, and just all around great music.  It's amazing to me that although this album has an obvious overall feel of sadness and depression, it makes me feel good inside...  Almost in a manor reminescent of Connor Oberst's songs.    The CD cranks up with the rousing medium high tempo'd "Neighborhood #1"  From the moment I heard this first song I knew I was going to like this band.  They have great rythm, a nice group of musicians, two singers to die for, and that U.K. brit-pop feel to their music.  While this is no doubt indie music...I'm positive it sticks out from the rest.  Most bands rely on one of three things to produce emotion.  Instrumentation, singing, or lyrics.  The Arcade Fire manages to use all three in succession.  You'll be feeling almost scared over the building up of violins and Cellos.  It's literally head spinning how many styles and genres they can make work together.  I might even go as far to say that this album is life changing.  I could listen to these songs for days and still be entertained.  They have that much depth.  I have about 3000 songs on my mp3 player right now with so many different genres it's mind numbing.  I think I've listened to this CD more than any of them.  Yet, I haven't even started to encompass the grand scale of these songs.  Perhaps eventually I will begin to unravel the mystery behind this band.    So really, I'll get to the point.  You need to buy this.  I don't care who you are and I won't go into musical interests but that's all you need to know.  Just buy it.  This should have been the album of 2004 hands down.  It just frikkin rocks.  I can't wait for their next release.       