 If the build-up three minute intro doesn't get you hooked, then the opening lines of: "In heaven, hell is only a word, but the reality is much much worse" will definately make you want to listen more.  For every second of the intro track I was literally scared because every change in the music and added instrument was a sign that Zao's hardcore onslaught was coming closer.  Sure, maybe Zao's trying to scare us into getting saved by making a soundtrack to hell...  maybe though, this album is a lot more than that.  When I say it's a soundtrack to hell, I really mean it.  Zao is actually trying to create the atmosphere of Dante's inferno through audio.  Savannah, the first skull basher of the CD is easilly one of the best.  Like most of the songs on here, it uses metaphoric/poetic lyrics to animate the circles of hell, as told in Dante's inferno.  Sometimes this can get a little confusing though, especially if you aren't familiar with the subject.  In my eyes though, it's not so much the lyrics as it is the music that creates the mood for this Record.  The song ends up with a roaring vocal of "she was alive" accompanied by a demonic sounding guitar pick going along with the tempo of the scream.  I was hooked fro that point on.  "Autopsy" is probably my favorite song on the CD.  It's got great rythm, guitars, and melody.  It may not be traditional hardcore as i like it, but somehow I still appreciate the song for what it is.  I think this song is talking about the dead ones in the outermost circle who feel so close to heaven but yet they are still in hell.    As the CD moves on, we find more and more variation between styles.  It can be said that bands like Zao have made the line between Metal and Hardcore even thinner than it already is.  With albums like this one, that statement will only grow in truth.  The influences from both genres are very well mixed here to create a recording like no other.  I have always considered Zao a true hardcore band, but metal influences usually prevail in their material.  "If these scars could speak" is a sort of slower song that starts out acoustic but ends up being a very heavy one.  It's almost reminiscent of early Norma jean, which is great.  Do you wanna make a deal, a deal with the devil?  That's the opening spoken word to "Ghost Psalms" which is, you guessed it, another hardcore anthem.  Although, "I am buried with their words" might be said a little too much throughout the song.  "desire the end" and "Dark Cloud sound" are both great tracks that could have been fillers but retain their fill, successfully coming off as Hardcore songs with a metal tempo.  Once again we are seeing these two genres mix...  How interesting.  "Skin like winter" is one of the most praised songs on the CD from what I've heard.  The drums sound a lot like "Mewithoutyou" IMO but few listeners will make that comparison.  In any case it's one of the best on the CD.  The CD ends with "Man in cage, jack wilson" which is a sensible build up song that lasts seven minutes.  It's almost one with the intro with morbid atmosphere and drum beats that will make you pee your pants.  Zao employed a new vocalist for this album and he's awesome.  The screams are great but the spoken words he does are just phenominal.  I can't believe his range.    There will always be debate over if this is Zao's best album.  Many argue that "when blood and fire bring rest" was heavier but I think LTEI more than makes up for heaviness in things like lyrics, technicality, and vocals.  It's just a winning combo that can rarely be beat.  Good job Zao!     