 Different people have different tastes.  Without wishing to malign those who don't care as much (or at all) for this set, I'll dare say that this set is an absolute classic.  [Why go only for the 2-disc set of just the symphonies instead of getting also Ostrva Mjrtvkh (The Isle of the Dead), the Symphonic Dances and Kolokla (The Bells) that come automatically as part of this 3-disc set?]  It was the Ashkenazy recording of Ostrva Mjrtvkh that introduced me to what has since become my favourite symphonic poem ever (roll over Richard Strauss - this one together with Schnberg's "Pellas et Mlisande" take the cake!) as well as the Symphonic Dances - and also Kolokla as well as the 1st & 3rd Symphonies.  [Prvin did as much for the 2nd Symphony in my case and his recording is a more than worthy competitor - his and this one are as good as tied for top spot in my honest opinion - get them BOTH if possible!!!!]  At all times, these interpretations proved Sjergjy Vassljevich Rakhminov as one of the greatest composers of the 1850-1950 period, even if he wasn't the most prolific (my biggest regret is that death stopped him from benefitting us organists with an Organ Concerto meant for Charles Courboin).  [He was the type that could only concentrate on one thing at a time - be it composition, piano concertising, or conducting, at all of which he was outstanding;  however, when he went into exile after the Russian Revolutions, he found himself mainly working as one of the greatest pianists of all time in order to secure his future and feed his family.]  Obviously his mentor Pjtr ljich Chaykvskiy was a powerful influence on him;  however, Rakhminov never loses his individuality at any point!  Certainly his symphonic output is uniformly high:  his 1st Symphony, while not always the most cohesive at times, still deserved a heck of a lot better fate than it received at the hands of Glazunv - it's extremely inspired and there's no question that it deserves a high place in the repertoire.  The 3rd Symphony - and the Symphonic Dances - not only proved that Rakhminov had lost none of his mastery or inspiration in exile;  they're both absolute masterpieces in their own right!  [As to the 2nd, it would be my 2nd-favourite symphony, period, right behind Chaykvskiy's 6th (Pathtique).  The 3rd movement, if a question of falling in love for some, is for me a point of grieving for a lost love (which is very much still in my life after many years - I still cry bitterly on hearing this and the 1st movement!) and letting gradually go, though with greatest pain...]  Finally, Kolokla:  another great masterpiece (the 2nd movement is especially moving and wonderful!).  Most definitely, Ashkenazy does full justice to all of these works.  Of course, one can disagree with this or that aspect or instant in this or that work (e.g., I could have wished a slower accelerando in the 2nd movement of the Symphonic Dances from the waltz tempo - that way one misses the otherwise obvious allusion to Chaykvskiy's "Flowers' Waltz" from Shchjeljknchik {Nutcracker});  however, the overall merits of these recordings truly deserve the fullest 5 stars possible - I'd myself go for 6!  Go get it in all events!!!!     