 All right, since this review doesn't allow me to give the 4.5 stars this recording deserves when everything's fairly weighed, it may as well get the full five (5). What are my reservations? 1) The lack of a libretto translation in any language (only the German original is included), 2) a very few of the details could have been better-captured had more microphones and editing been used and 3) some people want things to move more. While I personally disagree on the last point - for me, this is very, very close to being as ideal an interpretation as one can get - this last observation can't be ignored. As to point 2), this seems largely based on as few takes and equipment set-up as possible (though the result is sumptuous for what it is nevertheless!): there are a few points where some flaws in the strings appear, and a place here and there where a detail or two (e.g., the oboes & clarinets around bar 15 of Part II) could have been better brought out instead of being drowned-out by someone else (e.g., the horns in the same place). Still, all of these are small flaws in a performance that is otherwise as good as any. Yes, one may pick on Manfred Jung as not being quite a Ben Heppner or Lauritz Melchior (which the rle of Waldemar, being true Heldentenor territory  la Tristan or Siegfried, ideally needs), but his work otherwise leaves nothing to be desired. Otherwise, now that the negatives are pretty well out of the way, congratulations to everybody concerned. All of the soloists are excellent and committed (for me, Eva-Maria Bundschuh is a special standout as the soprano playing the part of the ill-fated heroine Tove - what a voice!); the choirs are most convincing with both the male-chorus parts of Waldemar's men and later with the grand finale; and the orchestra (neither of the two component orchestras being all that famous to boot!) does superbly with the exception of those few minor weaknesses mentioned above. All of these are conducted most superbly by a conductor who goes even further than the late Giuseppe Sinopoli in attaining the full ripeness, ardency, and tenderness this score evokes - everything that's lacking with Seiji Ozawa's mundane reading is here! Herbert Kegel's empathy with this score, giving it the true spaciousness (without however lacking a true sense of drive nonetheless) required (especially in the love-music of Part I; also, note the 2 or 3 Luftpausen in the same part, how he handles them - an object lesson on how to have such music breathe!!!) in itself deserves the full 5 stars! [Not to mention the fabulous acoustic afforded by Dresden's Lukaskirche (Church of St.Luke) - appropriately spacious for such a superwork!] All in all: yes, Ozawa's recording, issued at bargain price and with the coupling of both of Schnberg's Chamber Symphonies, can appear attractive; however, that entails false economy given the pedestrian nature of his performance. Also, Kegel's version enjoys a favourable price compared to the more expensive readings issued on behalf of Sinopoli, Chailly, or even Boulez. Yes, get the libretto translation via the Internet or elsewhere and go for the Kegel recording hereby reviewed.     