 In a way, this performance is quite a disappointment relative to what this reviewer was led to believe - the inner movements are quite standard (especially the 2nd movement, which - compared to Martinon's Decca recording with the VPO of 40 and more years ago on which I was brought up - came across as very straight to the point of feeling quite robotic and monotonous!!), even mechanical at times!!!  [If everything in this recording was like that, I'd have given it only 2 stars - why it gets more is thanks to the outer movements.]  I would have welcomed a more expansive approach with the sub-theme of the 1st movement (both in the exposition and the recapitulation) - again too straight, standard and even downright FAST to match the way the main theme is presented (Martinon may overall be faster, but relative to his parameters, that reading has MORE flexibility and bits of rubato where desireable {though a bit more yet could have been used) - his reading of the 2nd movement as well as of the 1st movement's sub-theme, aided by the VPO strings, beats Bernstein any day!!!!);  however the 1st theme, the introduction and parts of the recapitulation (other parts don't work as well, especially due to vulgar sforzandi as well as his being apparently out to get the development section over with as quickly as possible - Rostropvich does better in that middle part) do get the full 5 stars relative to this reviewer's conception of the work.  The same applies to the last movement, which truly has to kill absolutely ALL hope and zest for life - Bernstein's handling of the 2nd theme (done truly with 'lenezza e devozione' - a 5-star moment) is what helps here;  he's otherwise too monochrome with the outcrying principal theme of what, in spite of a terrifically different mood and substance, is technically still a rond-form movement (although the initial tempo is just right in my opinion, it needs to get ever-more desperate and impassioned with each re-iteration!!!!).  I also wish for more urgency in the build-up to the final climax as well as that climax itself (though the slow-down immediately prior to the instant where the kettledrums and heavy brass come in is most appreciated and welcome!):  once it's over with (too late in other words), the tempo then set is good except that it then again needs more flexibility!!  Also, some of his sforzandi at the end (as well as with the very beginning of the main theme) are quite vulgar!!  Overall, I'd have ideally given this recording (from which one can still learn a fair bit) a 3.5 stars.  [The detailed grades for each movement are:  1 = 3.5 (5 to the main theme but 2 to the sub-theme); 2 = 2; 3 = 4 (a little more rubato in a few certain places might have allowed it to get 5); 4 = 4.]  That it's not truncated to 3 is simply because of what there is to be admired as delineated above...  At times, it seems to me as if the period-performance false "ethos" of earlier repertoire (which has made everything seem so mechanical as to earn my HATRED AND DISGUST!!!!) has made less of modern orchestras such as the NYPO than it ought to be - can't they be more responsive to rubato, even in a live performance (also I miss the sweetness of the Wiener Philharmoniker strings of the Martinon recording)?!?!!  [Boy oh boy, were I given the opportunity to conduct - and specifically this work, which is my favourite symphony of all time!!!  I've no doubt that the period-performance movement would eviscerate me into atoms - but I despise such creeps anyway with all the venom in my body!!!....]     