 Let's start with the quibbles, on account of their relative insignificance:  1) I miss the real bells used on the Gjrgiev and the Abbado recordings (the samples I got to hear alerted me to this - the chimes used here sound poor by comparison);  2) the Russian original-language libretto is incomplete (were more space allowed here, I'd have published the missing parts in the original Russian).  [I recommend downloading the libretto from other websites - and then piecing in the few things that are otherwise absent from the regular-performance libretto from the booklet supplied - Rostropvich's reading gives this opera (a composite of the 1868 and 1872 versions) as completely as possible (the reprise of the Simpleton's scene in the last tableau, originally salvaged from the St. Basil's tableau cut in the 1872 version and which however was reinstated in this recording, could have been omitted consequently).]  3) I wish the orchestra (very good indeed!!!) could be heard more even when the singers are in full voice (this defect relative to Culshaw's Wagner recordings - my standard in taste - also afflicts Rostropvich's otherwise superb recording of Shostakvich's "Lady Macbeth of Mcjnsk").  Otherwise, a very powerful reading with everybody in peak form fully deserving a full 5 stars - even the venerable arch-star of Russian soprani from 1952-82 (from her dbut with the Bolshy to her retirement from live operatic performances - of course she was forced out of the Bolshy in 1974 into exile...) Vishvskaja, who was close to being 61 years of age at the time of this recording, comes off as well as everybody else (you could hardly tell her age)!  Another success is that of Mira Zakai as one of the nurses (in Act II) - she's much better here than in Solti's recording of Mahler's 2nd Symphony with the CSO (where she sounds so uninvolved as well as plain when compared to Helen Watts or Maureen Forester).  Gedda sings the Simpleton's part as movingly as could be anticipated from somebody who has given so much of his career to the Russian repertoire, while Plishka gives a wonderfully warm Pimjn.  As to Ruggero Raimondi - wow, what a wonderfully evocative portrayal of the demented Carj (C pronounced as 'ts' like in "bolts";  'j' just softens the 'r' somewhat...)!!!  One doesn't need a bassus profundus (which he's not - though his low notes lack nothing!) to do justice to this rle after all...  Finally, regarding the version of the score being used:  while it's indeed based on the 1872 "definitive" version, much stuff cut therefrom which was in the 1868 original version makes it into the recording (not a note is cut from the score).  While obviously the earlier version of Act II as well as a few other snippets in Act I (when Grigriy wakes up) are superseded, other things (e.g., the dismissal of the crowd in the Prologue's 1st scene, the scene in front of St. Vasly's Cathedral) are fully reinstated - all of this can be vouched for from the full score 2-book set published by Oxford University Press giving Musrgskiy's original version.  Most definitely recommended in all events and regards!!!  [Hopefully Erato will reissue this recording as it's amply deserving!]     