 This time I'll start with the best aspects first:  the orchestra is very good indeed (particular kudos go to the strings, especially when the section-leaders including the concertmaster have their solos), and Deutsche Grammophon Gesellschaft's recording is impeccable, allowing better detail than EMI's recording of this work - although some balances are skewed in a few strange ways:  the winds (particularly the woodwinds) don't always get to be properly heard (could that be due to the venue of the recording - the new Bastille Opera Theatre of Paris? - or is Chung so extreme with some things as to have some instruments sound excessively distant?).  [Another good thing to mention in favour of this recording is that it includes a passage sung by the tenor playing the part of Sjergjy (quite unaccompanied) immediately after the sex-scene that both Rostropvich and Gjrgijev, alas, happen to cut (did Shostakvich possibly change his mind over it, agreeing for once with the Communist censors?).]  When I ordered this recording, it was with the desire to see what somebody other than Rostropvich (whose recording with his wife Vishvskaja in the title rle of Katjerna Ljvvna Izmylova remains the standard out and away!) could do with this piece.  Well, it's certainly different, but just as often than not it's NOT for the better!  Some people speak of it as more sensuous as opposed to Rostropvich's "more dramatic" reading.  While that may have been Chung's intention (though enough times the dry approach he has his orchestra take vitiates that aspect in this writer's opinion), it's utterly undone by Maria Ewing!  Were it not for her and Aage Haugland's performances (though all the singers are guilty in this regard!), this kind of treatment could well have had better results (though even that's questionable given Chung's taste for frequent understatement of various bits throughout the score)!!  I repeat:  Maria Ewing treats this piece too much from the viewpoint of what might be a sort of cabaret-technique, with swoops, glissandi and other things used to such excess as to become totally abusive to the score as well as tasteless!  Whether it was Chung's or her idea - or both - it ends up utterly violating the basic approach of practically ALL opera-singing (or all classical singing, period!):  that no matter how difficult a rle may be (or how verismic it be), that its mastery requires beautiful sounds for the most part from the voice singing it.  [And it's NOT like she's incapable of clean singing - there are some fine places with her doing as much too!]  While sometimes an ugly sound may be appropriate, most surely it should be by far the EXCEPTION rather than the rule - and Ewing stands that rule up so totally on its head as to become quite repellent to this writer!!!  [Vishvskaja's classy approach compared to Ewing's whinings, scoops, screeches et al is like day versus night!!!!  It's at times almost as if Ewing doesn't LIKE the part and is doing everything to turn the listener off of it and make her character as repugnant as possible!]  Regardless also of where or when the orchestra should be dominant:  the singer should NEVER be so minimising his/her part as to be almost deliberately inaudible to such an extent!  Aage Haugland as Bors Timofjjevich Izmylov, Katjerna's lecherous, brutal father-in-law (who sings the rle of the Police-Sergeant for Rostropvich), does the same thing, though not to such an extreme.  As to the other singers, their contributions are more tolerable;  however, all too many of them suffer from lots of pitch violations whereby they're speaking or even Sprechstimme-ing their parts much more than they should!!!  As to Chung's conducting, it's variable:  excellent parts are the Passacaglia (here the sensuousness comes off beautifully!) and other places where the strings have more of beauty allowed to them, even taking over from the brass, even perhaps to excess at times (I miss the wallop Rostropvich packs in that regard!);  however, when he aims for a dryness of and/or understatement of accompaniment, it kills any idea of voluptuousness whatsoever (in that regard Rostropvich, by being more consistent, wins far more even in this aim in spite of it not likely being a primary goal of his).  Ultimately, this recording (its decibel level is surprisingly low overall, requiring one to turn up the volume more than usually is the case), while most certainly worthy of attention and of being a 2nd recording of this epochal opera in a listener's library, CANNOT be more than that;  hence its 3-star rating (or 3.5 at the most).  Rostropvich's reading (even if some orchestral detail gets slushed over by EMI's approach where the voices have to always dominate the accompaniment - with which I disagree most strongly {where's John Culshaw when we need him?!?!!}!) still remains tops - and if a buyer can only get 1 recording of this work, I recommend Rostropvich in the strongest possible terms!  POSTSCRIPT:  I'm increasing the rating to FOUR stars after having gotten to know the recording some more:  Chung has to be commended for being somewhat more scrupulous in sticking with the original score's manuscript compared even to Rostropvich.  The items in question are minor but there nonetheless, so for that reason I can look more kindly on this performance.  It's my hope that it will be re-issued in any case:  having something to compare to is always welcome!     