 For a long time, although knowing the stature of "Pkovaja Dma" in the oeuvre of Chaykvskiy and in opera generally, it's with pain that I've forced myself at long last to get to know this work.  My first experience 15 years ago, not knowing the story, led to me walking out after the 2nd act through no fault of the Canadian Opera Company's performace - all due to my utter abhorrence at the character Hermann's being sucked into this obsession with gambling (which destroys him after the secret cards given to him by the demoness appearing as the Countess' ghost turn out to be incomplete, leading him to kill himself) and in the process destroying both Ljisavjta and her grandmother the Countess with him in his selfish addiction!!!  While my horror about the theme of this story (both the Pshkin original short story and this opera) hasn't abated, this recording (as well as knowing the whole of the story, understanding thus Hermann's poverty and also his dislike of the Countess) has helped me overcome matters sufficiently to start to enjoy the music. Although the score for my taste has somewhat excessive "classical" mood-writing (some of it, e.g. the 1st mvt. of Act II, hardly sounds like the composer at times!!!), the greatness of the work overall predominates.  If "Jevghiy Ogin" is the product of a youthful composer, "Pkovaja Dma" shows how far the mature notesmith has come along - just listen to the prelude to Act I to hear the difference in orchestration as well as thematic mastery (the melodic sweep of the love theme that leads into mvt. 2 when the curtain rises is so outstandingly Chaykvskian!!!).  It also mirrors the darker subject's mood as opposed to "Jevghiy Ogin" - also corresponding to the more public damage done by Hermann as opposed to the more internalised suffering occasioned by Ogin. Top honours go to Rostropvich, an ever-masterful conductor in the Russian repertoire - although dealing with a French orchestra (like Bchkv in his recording of "Jevghiy Ogin"), he truly gets them to give a very Russian sound (quite unlike Bchkv).  Also, the diction of the foreign singers (notably Hanna Schwartz as Poljna and Regina Resnik {pronounced Reshnik originally???} as the unlucky Grafa/Countess - both are truly splendid!!! - as well as Gougalff as Hermann) indicates that they felt extra-motivated for this effort (Rostropvich has been a strong motivator!), sounding virtually as Russian as anybody.  No less fulsome praise should go to Vishvskaja, who truly gives us an incandescent Ljza - that the Soviets preferred to hurt and ultimately as good as expel her and Rostropvich shows both the evil and the stupidity of all political correctness!  DGG's recording also doesn't let the voices for once dominate the orchestra, and with their de-hissing technology the sound is as immaculate as one could wish for. Without wishing to slight in the least Gjrgiev's work with the Kirv-Marinskiy recording (whose samples sound no less good!), this recording is most certainly a most worthy contender, surely no less great!  Get it!!!     