 When I started to take a serious interest in "Pellas et Mlisande," it was with this recording that I started (even though it wasn't quite rated the best in the "Penguin Record (now CD) Guide."  It got 2 out of 3 stars, with Ansermet's tempi + Spoorenberg's characterization of Mlisande both being under attack.  Well, speaking for myself (and with a faded memory of the recording, which I contrasted with those of Karajan and Armin Jordan {the latter of which is unavailable these days} long ago), let the following stand: - While Ansermet's tempi and orchestral balances may not be quite as dramatic or riveting as Karajan's EMI/Angel recording in many respects, it often brings out best the poetry of this unique opera (very possibly IMHO not only the most subtle and atmospheric opera ever written, but also an example of how much the voice can do better in characterization with Debussy's approach than the conventional way almost everybody else uses!), assisted by Decca/London's outstanding recording.  Also, while Frederica von Stade can sound a bit over-coquettish and actively part of events, there's no question of Erna Spoorenberg being genuine in her rle - there's a very definitive understanding of the enigmatic and other-worldly character of Mlisande;  furthermore, George London makes a truly frightening yet all-too-understandable Golaud (perhaps he would have been more at home in the Karajan recording)!  What stops me from giving this recording a full 5 stars is the strangled quality of Camille Maurane's voice in the upper register (also Rosine Brdy as Yniold sounds just too realistically like a boy for my tastes...).  [When one hears how painfully strained anything written over E above middle C sounds with him, one realizes how much better a genuine tenor would sound in the rle of Pellas - all too often given to a baritone thanks to the frequent low writing of this part!  Maurane is a good example of why the part doesn't belong to the lower voice.] Overall, an excellent counterweight to Karajan (especially those who insist on Debussy being pianissimo as much as possible - though I love the Karajan recording dearly, in part precisely because he knows when the music can do with a louder level and more Wagnerian scope!).  I strongly recommend buying it together with EMI's product.  [My next project will be to research a 3rd recording that in all events MUST have a genuine tenor for Pellas - so far like Eric Tappy in Jordan's recording, and will eventually wish to check that of Boulez, not to mention seeing who else may be out there.  Even then, to be honest, this piece can be open to more of a range of interpretations than perhaps one might imagine.]     