 This collection of novellas was my introduction to Miles Vorkosigan, and while I suspect that the first book (The Warrior's Apprentice) Might have been a better opening, it did convince me to read every one that our  libraries contained, and finally to begin collecting the series. This  collections contains three complete novellas and a, well, best described as  sort-of-a-story to connect the three very different events in Miles'  career. This wrap-around story is the main reason I gave the collection a  mere four stars; it contains a suggestion of a rather scanty plot against  Lord Aral Vorkosigan via Miles' more unusual adventures (Or rather, his  monetary expenses), which serves no purpose except to perhaps introduce the  idea of the imperial Auditors used in the later book Memory (And much  better introduced within that book itself). As another reviewer said, the  novellas could probably stand alone safely. As for the three stories  themselves, they vary immensely in theme. "The Mountains of  Mourning" is a tale of Miles Vorkosigan's early years, and in theory  it is a murder mystery, but the emotional impact on both Miles and myself  as reader was quite incredible. This is probably the best of the three  stories. Following this, "Labyrinth" is a bit of a surprise; an  almost rollicking adventure of Miles as the little "Admiral  Naismith". It was grerat fun, but there was very little real emotional  impact. It contained another excellent character, but felt to me like it  was lacking depth - it was a plot-driven story, and shamelessly so. Having  reread it sicne, it is better than my first impression, but the difference  between the two stories was a bit of a shock. The last story, "the  Borders of Infinity", combined the two nicely - a rapid-paced  adventure with a strong heart and some emotional twisting. Here Lois  achieves something amazing in itself - she shows the story from the  point-of-view of the one character who *really* knows everything that's  going on, yet doesn't give away her own plot in so doing. All in all,  this hooked me on the little hyperactive madman; I've sought out every book  of hers I can since.     