 This is one of Lisa Goldstein's weaker works. Since it still garnered four stars from me, this is hardly a sign that it is a weak book. The story takes place is a slightly futuristic America. The USA as this world knows  it was ruined by a sudden economic collapse, and taken over by a dictator  mostly known (Surprise) as the General. People with dissenting opinions are  sent into 'rehab' facilities. The story centers around two women living  in this world. The first is Mary, young and idealistic, travelling to  Berkely, California, where the Tribes, an underground culture centered  around masks, has arisen. There she meets Layla, one of the mask-makers,  and most respected among the Tribal folk. Mary is drawn to this world, but  soon begins to fear that Layla has gone past the point of religious belief  into troubling madness. Layla, in the meantime, tries to persuade Mary to  follow her path. The story succeeds best in its characters. Even bit  parts are given their own motives, and attitudes. It also triumphs on  occasion with the setting, the strange world in which these chracters live.  It works the least well where Ms. Goldstein is obviously taking the  Berkeley and San Francisco she knows, and tearing them down. But when she  conjures up the small apartments, each of which reflects its owner, the  mood of streets, then the world seems real enough to  touch. Unfortunately, this story does have weak spots, and most of them  relate to plot. The story's end suits the underlying themes of the story  perfectly, and suggests, without outright telling, how the future of the  country will go, but leaves a great many threads dangling. The most obvious  example is the character of Nick. A traitor to the Tribes, he is shown in  strong detail in the first third, implying he will become important again,  then vanishes, with only a few further references to hint at his fate. The  book was so well-written overall that I can forgive these plot weaknesses,  and would still recommend the book, but they do mar an otherwise  exceedingly pleasant reading experience.     