 I'm a little confused by the above review, which says the book is very fine but offers a one-star rating. Otherwise, this book and this trilogy are books I am exceedingly happy to recommend. The world they are set in  appears to be at the far end of its days. It is clear from visions that  there were civilizations in the past that were at least of a feudal level  of technology, but the people of the last days are in six hunter-gatherer  tribes, each named for an animal with whom they share traits (And in one  case, the seal-folk, are rumoured to share blood via the selkies. This  particular use of one of my favourite pieces of folklore isn't much like my  own take on the beings, but it is a very well done variation). The main  character mourns for the animals he recalls from his infancy, who have  since vanished, one by one. The first story, Madbond, involved Dannoc's  quest to remember his past, how he came to go mad and run to the sea. In  this second story, Dannoc intends to seek his father in the land of the  dead, which in this world is a strange and distant underwater place. He is  followed, as before, by his loyal friend, Kor the Sea-KIng, leader of the  Seal folk, who has his own reasons for venturing into the deeps. The duo  are also seeking the answers to why the winged devourers keep snatching  more and more of the creatures form the world. There is also, of course,  the mystery of Tass, the woman that both of them love, but who will not  open up to anyone, and of the strange swords the duo found, linked to the  far past and two ancient heroes. Nancy Springer's world is decidedly her  own. It is built on her more formal, somewhat mroe Tolkienesque early High  fantasies, but takes on a newer and harsher direction, more personal and  less pretty. I sometimes found the bluntness of some of the characters'  words to be a little bothersome, but there was rarely a word out of  character and I prefer the occasional bit of new harshness that is part of  what makes this work something new and different, instead of another  cookie-cutter high fantasy. As this is the middle book of the trilogy,  the ending is a distinct downward beat - but there is one more book to go.     