 I am twenty-three years old, and I have loved this book since I was in my very early teens. Susan Cooper is a classic children's author, and her Dark is Rising sequence regularly gets praised as her best, or at least  most popular work. This book, although very different from her previous  and following works, blows even the best of that whole series away. It is  the journey of West and Cally, two teens both suffering from grief, through  a strange country, where life and death are living beings. All they know is  that they must travel to the sea; neither is entirely certain why. This  journey allows both teens to come to terms with their own pain, and their  different losses. The landscape is strange and dreamlike; it is known  from her comments in essays that Susan Cooper literally uses dreams to  inspire scenes in her stories, and this story more than any other seems to  me filled with that drifting feeling. The two main characters are well  dsrawn, and some of the supporting cast are very memorable. It also makes  excellent use of the selkies, a piece of old folklore of which I am  particularly fond. Best of all, Susan Cooper does NOT do here the thing  which made Silver on the Tree such a huge disappointment to me; she does  not cheat at the end. (Warning for those who haven't read the book;  spoiler ahead) Where in Silver on the Tree, the characters risk life and  limb in the ultimate battle, only to be made to forget all that they have  accomplished through the whole Dark is Rising series (thus making the  series itself pointless), in Seaward, the characters are made to forget -  for a while only , with a promise that they will remember again when they  need to. This ending satisfies, where the similar clossing to Silver on the  Tree only disappoints. (spoiler done) There are some stories which stay  in one's mind for one's lifetime. I knew the moment I was done this story  that this would be one of those books. It was my favourite when I was  younger, and now that I have met more grief of my own, it has become a much  deeper part of me. I only wish it were a little better known behind her  more popular works.     