 I was surprised to find how many people were just enlightened by this book.  Maybe there are more unhappy people staying home with their kids than I thought.  I have been on both sides with working away from home until we got to a point where we felt comfortable with my staying home which I do now (have done 2 years of each total).  I appreciate it more because I haven't always done it.  I found Darla had some good points, but mostly was just kind of full of it.  She paints herself to be just Ms. Together, but yet her preschooler is sitting in front of the TV for 3 hours every morning while she does her "routine"?  She said she did her cleaning and gave her daughter a chance to wake up.  Right.  Anyway, I felt she was kind of condescending and not really qualified to write a book.  She basically admits she was writing this book because she has a friend that she is competitive with who was also writing a book.  I think that whole situation is the main problem.  Moms are SO competitive today and are so worried about what others are doing.  Nobody minds their own business anymore!  Look at reality TV.  What has happened to our culture that we are so interested in other peoples lives?  We divert our attention away from own lives which we should be living and appreciate every day.  That is the *secret* to being a happy housewife and you can save yourself the $15 on the book.  She really didn't have enough material and states a lot of things over and over.  I felt like I wasted my money on this book.  She got the new countertops AND the living room furniture (that she wasted my time agonizing over in the book like there aren't people with REAL problems) from the proceeds so that's really all that matters to her I'm sure.  If you want to read something truly uplifting for ALL moms that does not demean others then I would suggest anything by Julie Ann Barnhill, Becky Freeman or Lori Borgman.  You can't go wrong with their books.  They are REAL writers and very funny women.     