 My oldest sister says the fourth season of Spongebob sucks altogether. I wouldn't say that it fully sucks-it's just not as funny as the previous seasons. So here we have a decent collection of shorts from the beginning of the fourth season made shortly after the departure of creator Stephen Hillenburg:  Have You Seen This Snail?: For once, a double-length episode of Spongebob that's truly 30 minutes long and not marred half of the episode by the annoyance of Patchy the Pirate. However, this episode doesn't carry the comedic punch we'd expect, simply because it has more heart. Gary runs away after Spongebob rejects him from feeding him for the arrival of his new paddle-ball toy, and later finds a new home for an overtreating old lady. It's a good episode, by and large. 8/10  The Lost Mattress: Spongebob and Patrick find a new mattress to help Mr. Krabs' back, only to realize they threw away Krabs' old mattress carrying all of his money in it. Lots of funny dialogue, but the gags needed to come in at a better timing. 7/10  Krabs vs. Plankton: In another attempt to steal the Krabby Patty formula, Plankton slips on a puddle from Spongebob's mop and fails. So Plankton sues Krabs putting his life possessions and formula at stake. This episode has its moments, but a concept like this makes the episode too predictable; We all know who wins in the end. 5/10  Good Neighbors: Spongebob and Patrick ruin Squidward's day again by pronouncing him President of the Good Neighbors' club. A novelty episode with great gags, especially in the second half... 9/10  Skill Crane: The highlight of this DVD. Those who love cartoons focused on simple subjects like's Donald Duck's TROMBONE TROUBLE will appreciate this episode, because it focuses on Squidward trying to win a prize from a crane game. Loaded with hilarious gags. 10/10  In addition, you'll also get The Great Snail Race, even though it's also on the Spongebob Goes Prehistoric DVD. And that's it. This is a slightly shorter collection of shorts than the single-disc DVDs. It would've been nice to get a few more 4th season gems like Funny Pants or Patrick Smartpants. Still, a decent collection overall.  BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAAAA!!!     