 When I was a teenager, I looked at the few infomercials stating the Monty Python series on VHS and DVD, I thought the series was just filler. But later, as I grew older, some of my relatives introduced me to one of its films--The Holy Grail. Through that hour-and-a-half I was laughing so hard at everything the movie represented. And as time wore, I was watching the TV series itself, and that show was actually a little better than what I expected.  Now appreciating the entire franchise itself, I managed to pick up the Holy Grail movie itself on a 2-disc Special Edition DVD for $14 at a locat Target store and I was freaking happy.   What exactly is the movie about? Well, this is the retelling of the story of King Arthur, his uniting with the Knights of the Round Table at Camelot, and of course, the search for the Holy Grail--all told in a British humor fashion. Pointless, you may say, but still funny as hell nonetheless. And what a funny crew of Knights of Camelot, too; we have: Arthur, King of the Britons, Sir Bedevere the Wise (I think), Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Gallahad the Pure, and Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-as-Sir-Lancelot. When a new strategy was planned along the way though, the Knights split up and went seperate ways to find the Grail, and that's when the comedy ensues. You'll see Sir Robin meet a giant three-headed knight whose three heads bicker at each other; Sir Gallahad run into a castle filled with sex-driven maidens; Sir Lancelot try to rescue a princess locked in a castle only to find out it's really a wussy prince trying to escape from being forced by his father to marry someone in favor of the bride's landscape; and King Arthur and Sir Bedevere meet the Knights who say "Ni!" that order the two to find a shrubbery with their necks at stake. In addition you'll find the entire crew meet up a castle full of disrespectful French and a certain rabbit...  Now on to the DVD itself. The video quality here has been remastered, but not restored; the picture is still grainy and muddy, but the colors are bright and solid nonetheless. The audio  quality could've been better, though. Although we do get a Dolby Mono soundtrack, it's pretty muffled, just like in the VHS copy. The Dolby 5.1 track, though, is much clearer than the mono, but doesn't thump the entire house-a good track anyway.  As with the extras, there's plenty to keep you happy. The first disc contains two fun commentary tracks by the Pythonites themselves and a Pop-up video track for storyboard comparisons. Also included are subtitles "for people who don't like the film". There's also an extra 24 seconds added in the film...  Disc Two carries the bulk of the extras. For starters, we have two fun featurettes: "The Quest For the Holy Grail Locations" where Terry Jones and Michael Palin show which landscapes were the entire movie shot; and "How to use your Coconuts", an interesting feature on how to carve your coconut to a point where you can start banging them to make a trotting horse sound. Also there's an interesting newscast featurette called "On Location with the Pythons", where the BBC News crew talks to the Python crew about the making of the film. In addition you'll also get art and photo galleries, it's theatrical trailer, Three Sing-alongs from the film, and a few more pointless features for the Python fan.  In conclusion, I still like the film as much as the DVD treatment here. And I appreciate the show itself,too. So buy this film and enjoy this film...  YOU DAFFY ENGLISH...KUH-NIGGETS.     