 ...because the way I see it, I think they're losing money when they are releasing more and more "waves" of DVD Tin sets. I'll tell you what I mean--The first three waves the Tin sets had: on the front of the Tin there was a number stating "what number" out of "how many sets" mounted (like 005307 out of 125000), a "description" imprinted on the back of the Tin set, and best of all, restored cartoons. Then wave four came out and had its Tin sets' "descriptions" on a piece of paper poorly glued on the back, and just in time for the holidays, Wave Five just had a quote "Certificate of Authenticy" stating that number out of how many sets inside the DVD set, and didn't have any restored cartoons. This is a real setback for the Disney market.  Despite all that, my siblings still enjoy this set and so do I, although the set isn't perfect. Here are my given thoughts on these two discs:  Disc 1: The first line of cartoons is a mixed bag, because a few of these cartoons like DONALD'S GARDEN and DONALD'S TIRE TROUBLE are such generic concepts that range on a midly amusing note. Although it does contain a few gems like DONALD'S SNOW FIGHT and FLYING JALOPY, things really don't pick up to speed until the second line-the Wartime line-in the FROM THE VAULT section of this disc. I know those cartoons are already duplicated from the ON THE FRONT LINES Tin set, but since I don't own that, I'm not too worried. I can always enjoy wartime cartoons for its sheer insanity on the home front and its poking fun at our enemies in World War II; cartoons like DER FUEHRER'S FACE, THE VANISHING PRIVATE, and COMMANDO DUCK are such a hoot. 7.5/10  Disc 2: This is where this collection really shines! The evolution of Donald Duck  as top cartoon star was increasing rapidly during the 40s; this disc contains the ever-increasing insanity of cartoons such as TROMBONE TROUBLE and DUCK PIMPLES while containing the Oscar-nominated DONALD'S CRIME-a "suspenseful" cartoon involving Donald running through the city nervous after he stole all the money from his three nephews to go out with Daisy-, and a few of my personal favorites including DONALD'S OFF DAY, THE CLOCK WATCHER, and FRANK DUCK BRINGS 'EM BACK ALIVE (classic). Also Leonard Maltin's interview with Donald's current voice, Tony Anselmo is very interesting, as there are plenty of extras to keep you happy. 9/10  I just hope Disney could bounce back up the budget and fix the "restoration" problem because that is the creme de la crop of the Disney Treasures Tin sets, as well as the other problems mentioned above^. Please, Maltin? Do it for the Disney collectors...     