 I say this, because the fourth season is not the best season of Family Guy.   When I heard they were bringing the show back in 2005, I got up and sang the Happy Happy Joy Joy song, for that Family Guy was one of the funniest cartoons I have seen. But after seeing the season premiere, I was left somewhat dissapointed. In fact, by looking at a most episodes, it actually feels as if to say nobody has a clue what they are doing.  The first three seasons were top-notch hilarious stories with edgy humor and solid concepts. The plotlines in the fourth season, however, were pretty damn stale. Fox may have been pressurizing Seth Macfarlane and his crew around, but that led the episodes to great stories and edgy situations that are not so hard to laugh at. Now with Fox letting them do whatever they please, everything becomes lazy. Episodes like "Fast Times at Buddy Cianci Jr. High" and "Petarded" would start off very nicely and come home with underdeveloped endings. Or even if they are not being lazy, they don't concentrate on the plots, rather, they concentrate on the humor itself--involving favorite catchphrases, inside-jokes, and trademark edginess, thinking those were the only elements that made the show successful, but really the chemistry of the show also included good concept, character development, and the evolution of the show.  I included the evolution part, because when it comes to humor, they are digging up a few cliches here and there. (Remember Peter and the Chicken fight in DABOOM? It's back in "Blind Ambition".) Or at times when it's not cliched, it's edgy. The fourth season provided a hell of a lot of edgy humor that isn't so easy to laugh; In fact it's TOO edgy to be funny, and when it's too edgy, it's disturbing. I, for one, did not like the premiere episode "North By North Quahog", because the concept of Catholic Mel Gibson making a Rush Hour-esque sequel to "The Passion of the Christ" made the entire episode a mind-numbingly tedious exercise to watch. Or even when it's not cliched, or edgy, it's just plain lazy, stupid, and crude without even being funny, and that's included in a number of episodes such as "Model Misbehavior" (The Marijuana guy running around in the drug store is not funny at all.)  The character development, too, is not the best thing out there. Peter's just a one-dimensional idiot so I won't worry about him, but characters like Stewie are not what they used to be; Stewie used to be an insane little boy that always causes mischief whereever he goes, but you barely see him actually cause any mischief in this season. Cleveland and his wife break up thier relationship and plan to divorce in "The Cleveland-Loretta Quaqmire", when you don't see them do much in the previous seasons of the show. Those are just a few examples of what I mean; you'll find out the rest on your own.  On the upside, though, it's not that bad; it's still a little bit better entertainment than some animation that makes it through TV these days. The three stars are for the few gems in this set, which include "Breaking out is Hard to Do" and "Brian the Bachelor". With those episodes, I do believe they can still turn around in the fifth season, even with creator Seth Macfarlane leaving AMERICAN DAD to concentrate on this show.  Oh man, I hope...I hope...     