 I, being a fan of the Blake Edwards' Panther flicks themselves, have been wondering if the crew will pull together to make more Panther sequels. When the movie came out in theaters, I thought I would give it a shot to see how badly executed this film really is.   Luckily, I was saved to see that they have done a decent job of bringing things up to par. And I say this, because the Edwards' flicks had this process that made the films classics: mediocre plotlines saved by the performance and mischief of a brainless, bumbling Inspector Clouseau played by the one and only Peter Sellers. Steve Martin, playing as Clouseau, is no Peter Sellers, but is still great at the character's bumbling antics.  After saying that, let me first tell how the story sets up: It all begins as a coach of a French soccer team has been murdered and his diamond ring-big diamond known as the Pink Panther which symbolizes his "honor" and "courage"-has been stolen. Now the head policeman, Inspector Dreyfus, hires an idiot policeman named you-know-who to find the murderer/thief in an attempt to bag the suspect and win a Medal of Honor himself.  And that's just the first 10 minutes. Around that time, the movie follows the same tradition of the old Edwards' flicks: an opening cartoon credit sequence starring the cartoon Pink Panther himself on a chase from a bumbling policeman, which I must admit holds up very nicely. After that peppy opener, the movie runs right into place as you finally see Clouseau run into some brilliantly funny, and sometimes racy antics trying to find the culprit. And believe me, there are some great gags to be had here, like Clouseau asking if the room is soundproof so he can go in and relieve some flatulence, as well as set a bathroom on fire while trying to get his "miracle pill for middle-aged men" out of the P-trap of a bathroom sink.  However, this film isn't without its flaws. One of my biggest dissapointments is how the character for Inspector Dreyfus has been set up. In the Edwards' flicks the character was driven into the brink of insanity by the stupidity of Clouseau, even enough insanity to find ways to kill the inspector--And in this remake, he doesn't become insane at all. Another flaw is that towards the ending Clouseau actually solves the case, and in the originals, he never did solve any cases. (Or even if he did, he's pretty darn close.) Can't spoil how he does it for you...  Still, if MGM/Sony is planning to direct a line of Panther sequels, I'm hoping they will fix those problems; seeing how Dreyfus has been "driven out" in the end, I'm hoping he WILL become insane. Otherwise, this isn't a bad remake of a cult classic; it's better than most movies that made it in the theaters last year (especially the Dukes of Hazzard remake (shudder)). And I sure hope they will bring up the resurrection of Japanese assistant Kato...     