 Well, guys, here's the scoop on the Lost Episodes DVD set:  All 9 half-hours of the show on a 2-disc set  Video: 1:33:1  Audio: Dolby 2.0/CC  Extras:  -Intros by John K. and Wierd Al -Interviews with the Top Artists -Cow and Chicken Creator David Feiss Interview -Clips of Unfinished Cartoons -17 APC Animatics -3 Naked Beach Frenzy Pencil Tests -APC Model Sheet and Background Art -Rough Cut-Ren Seeks Help  Ren and Stimpy, as Mr. Burns from the Simpsons would describe, "has quite a long and colorful history". It was ressurrected as an adult cartoon on SpikeTV in June of 2003 when four out of nine half-hour episodes had aired as part of a late-night block alongside GARY THE RAT and (shudder) STRIPPERELLA. John K. mentioned in the promo commercials that the premise of the new Ren and Stimpy is that you can do almost anything without having to worry about censorship values. Well, apparently that's where he went wrong.  There are a few changes you will notice here in this new adult cartoon:   First, the artwork and animation has improved over the original show. After all, after a decade's worth of TV and Flash-animated cartoons, John K. and his crew had enough experience under their belts. Second, Billy West doesn't return to play the role of Stimpy. Eric Bauza takes his place, and does play a pretty damn good voice of Stimpy.  Now on to the episodes: The first one, ONWARD AND UPWARD, was inspired by fan letters who wanted to see an entire episode of gross-out gags. Yet, this episode recieved so many angry online comments stating that their favorite childhood characters just turned to [...]. It seemed pretty obvious Spike aired the weakest episode first.  However, the show got it's mojo with the second episode, REN SEEKS HELP, which explore's Ren's youth as Ren tries to figure out why is he so mean and insane. The third one, FIREDOGS 2, while not as funny as the second, brought the famous cartoonist Ralph Bakshi into the animated world.  These were all Nickelodeon-underdeveloped ideas, though; in other words, they were just old stories never brought up when Spumco was working for R&S on Nickelodeon. The new ideas, or rather the five remaining episodes (four of which are two-parter episodes), proved too risque to actually AIR on television. NAKED BEACH FRENZY, especially showed some material that even South Park couldn't top with 30 minutes of half-naked women on the beach; ALTRUISTS has the most funny and risque gags than any other R&S episode; and STIMPY'S PREGNANT displayed the first-ever onscreen natural childbirth and...well, you get the rest.  Nonetheless, with these entertaining (both aired and unaired) episodes, this 2-disc set is no doubt gonna sell like hot cakes--probably even more than the original show's DVD sets, and we'd all be in prayer of a Direct-to-DVD ressurrection for Ren and Stimpy.  And it's all thanks to the DVD market. As Stimpy would say, "We owe it all to our new best friend."     