 Me, being a longtime fan of the Simpsons, since I was a child, was yearning to bring the family to my 20" screen television, and now I have. Out of all 7 seasons that are out on DVD so far, I'd say this season, and the fourth season are the two funniest ones ever!  I say this because this season packs some really funny episodes, some of which are some of my personal favorites, including:  Rosebud: I'd say it's a cute episode, because of the way you see Maggie holding a teddy bear that used to belong to Mr. Burns as a kid. Homer's "cheeky" impression of Mr. Burns is a real hoot as well as the Ramones' appearance ("Go to hell you old [...]!")  Treehouse of Horror IV: One of the funniest, if not THE funniest TOH episodes. Homer sells his soul to the devil for a donut, Bart finds a menacing gremilin on the side of the bus, and the Simpsons family meet Burns/Dracula with one of the most random endings in a Simpsons episode.  The Last Temptation of Homer: Sheer hilarity and risqueness ensue in this episode, where Homer becomes infatuated with a sexy employee that's a lot like Homer; loves to eat donuts, be lazy and everything.  Deep Space Homer: Homer becomes an astronaut, plain and simple. Includes two of my favorite Simpsons gags which are: where Homer eats floating potato chips in the rocket to the tune of the Blue Danube and crashes into an ant farm; and the other being the news showing a "giant" ant up close in the camera and news anchorman Kent Brockman stating that a race of giant space ants took over the rocket.  Homer Loves Flanders: The title explains it all: Homer liking Flanders and Flanders becoming more and more annoyed by Homer's interference. I LOVE this episode; It's loaded with downright funny gags from Homer forgetting his troubles in "Two Tickets to Paradise" to Marge getting drunk from the spiked water supply from the city of Shelbyville; from the insane Simpsons/Flanders boating trip scene to the spoofs on Vertigo [...]  These are just a few of the funniest episodes, so there are plenty to choose from in this set! Enjoy, Simpsons Fans!     