 Who could forget the sci-fi antics of Matt Groening's Futurama? It's funny to see (at its time) the guy work so hard on both shows-this and the Simpsons-and still make such a great acheivement, compared to Seth Macfarlane's handling with Family Guy and >>shudder<< American Dad.  So what about its final 18 episodes? In my opinion this is actually the best season of the show overall; The first season only had a hand-full of good episodes, but feels like it's trying so hard to get off the ground. Seasons Two and Three aren't without its charm, either.   Season Four really nails it though; the bulk of the set contains almost all of my all-time favorites, including THE FARNSWORTH PARABOX, where Professor Farnsworth invents a box/entry to a parallel universe; WHERE NO FAN HAS GONE BEFORE, where Trekkie Fry tries to brink back to Earth all 79 episodes of the original Star Trek series from the forbidden dimension, Omega 3; and LOVE AND ROCKET, where Bender becomes infatuated with the new AI of the Planet Express ship. But there are plenty more episodes to check out.  Now, Futurama's humor wasn't the only thing that made the show work, compared to Family Guy; Half the time it is its plotlines that count; Somehow, Groening and his crew was able to pull it off with a few really emotional episodes such as JURASSIC BARK, where we see what happened to Fry's pet dog, Seymour; In LEELA'S HOMEWORLD, we see Leela's past, what kind of "alien" she is, and what happened to her family. In THE WHY OF FRY, another one of my favorites, we learn how Fry was able to fall into the cryogenic freezer and come to the future with the assistance of an undercover Nibblonian.  Its character development/emotion is another piece of atmosphere to this show. Its biggest example would probably be the relationship between Fry and Leela, as it is showcased in episodes such as THE STING, where Fry gives his life for Leela in a sting of huge baby queen bee, and the series-finale itself, THE DEVIL'S HANDS ARE IDLE PLAYTHINGS, where Fry trades hands with the Robot Devil to improve on his Holophoner-playing skills and win Leela's heart.  However, this set isn't without its duds. Episodes like LESS THAN HERO and SPANISH FRY have good concepts that are ruined by terrible scriptwriting and weak endings. I couldn't understand what message A TASTE OF FREEDOM is trying to deliver, either. Luckily, those happen to be the only duds in this set.  Futurama's TV show may have ended on a high note, but it isn't the end of its phenomenon; As we speak, the show is becoming almost as popular as Family Guy as its DVD sets are having great sales and the show is getting huge ratings on Adult Swim and TBS. And already, Matt Groening has signed a deal to start sometime this summer on 4 Direct-to-DVD movies! That's more than what I expected from a show being pushed around by TV executives.  (Speaking of the movies, the series-finale DEVIL'S HANDS grows on me for one thing: In the end of the episode, you never really know if Leela and Fry have gotten together yet, since they left that open. I hope they won't become married in the first of the four movies; I'm hoping for a great love story between the "seperate" two in the first movie...)     