 What a hilarious sketch show! Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, and Larry the Cable Guy are here to entertain TV viewers alike, and making the show a lot more bearable than any other stupidly raunchy sketch show (such as The Man Show). Too bad this DVD set contains only 13 episodes, but they are funny all around, nonetheless. These episodes are:  1.  Family 2.  Naked 3.  TV 4.  Bad Jobs 5.  Marriage 6.  Boyz in the Wood 7.  Vacation 8.  Sports 9.  Funerals 10. Music 11. Partying 12. Getting Sick 13. Haloween  No matter what the episode is, you'll always find a hilarious sketch all around. In FAMILY, you would find the antics of little   kids in the back seat of the car, as well as an infomercial stating Dan Grogan's House of Gravy (Always drown every meal with gravy). In NAKED, you would find a man going blind after seeing a  naked 80-year-old woman in a Rescue-911 parody (anybody remember that show?) as well as Larry the Cable Guy hang out with a bunch of buxom babes in The Real Bachelor. In TV, you'll see special guest Ron White in mockery game show called Hug You or Hit You (classic), as well as Jeff, Bill, and Larry take part in a deer killing crime on CSI: Greater Greensboro North Tri-County Area. In BAD JOBS, you'll see Human Stunt Torso (armless and legless) Weeble Kneeble become tormented by the antics of his stunt coordinator while trying to preform a stunt as well as see Jeff try to fix a toaster oven for a woman on Fix It Or Feel Better. In MARRIAGE, you'll see Jeff Foxworthy star as a secret agent in a suspense film parody, trying not to be defined as the "you might be" guy ("If you don't tell me where the drugs are stashed,  you might be shopping for dentures.") In BOYZ IN THE WOOD, you'll find Jeff Foxworthy and the rest of the Blue Collar TV crew go deer hunting and never find a single thing. In VACATIONS, you'll see Larry the Cable Guy give directions to a couple while listening to Lynrd Skynrd and drinking cans of beer, as well as see a divorced Bill find a new pimpy girlfriend during spring break. In SPORTS, you'll see George Foreman sell his new Frying Batter device to a family and watch them get burned and scalded, as well as see a deranged Bill coach a baseball team. In FUNERALS, my personal favorite, you'll see a talentless songwriter and singer L. Roy Tippet sell over 20 million songs including his classic "Infinity" (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,...and so on), as well as see the Tackett family reluctantly share a moment of grief for their dead and unlikeably malicious mother (We buried a set of teeth.) In MUSIC, you'll see Jeff, Bill, Larry, and guest star Drew Carey take part in singing songs for the audience. In PARTYING, you'll see Jeff Foxworthy demonstrate the Mardi Gras (whooooo!!!!!) as well as see Hank Williams Jr. come to a family's dinner (ARE YOU READY FOR SOME DINNAH!!!) In GETTING SICK, you'll see Larry the Cable Guy get bitten by a spider in a Spider Man parody. In HALOWEEN you'll see the Tacketts make their returning debut and give chocolate laxatives to the trick-or-treaters.  In addition, you'll also get an 11-minute behind the scenes documentary on how the show was made.  So, enjoy all you Rednecks! And GIT-R-DONE!!!!     