 I must say that Futurama is a very interesting show; While comparing this show and Family Guy's fourth season (not the previous three seasons really), I can say that Futurama is much funnier and more bearable than FG's new season. So after seeing this DVD came out, I thought "What the hell. Kick in $10 and you won't have to buy the Volume sets."  Like the FG Freakin' Sweet Collection, Futurama's Monster Robot Maniac Fun Collection is a compilation of four episodes (one episode per season) hand-picked by the creator himself. Here are my given thoughts on these episodes:  Hell is Other Robots is probably the funniest episode of the first season, where Bender, while trying to clean up his act, joins a robot religion group which irritates his friends at the Planet Express. Plenty of gags and music to keep you happy. 9/10  Anthology of Interest I is one of my all-time favorites; I always enjoy 10-minute sketches compiled into a half-hour episode like Simpsons' Treehouse of Horror and Family Guy's Viewer Mail. Fry, Leela, and Bender lend their wonders in a "what-if" machine; Bender wonders what if he was 500 feet tall (obvious to see him on the DVD cover art), Leela wonders what if she was a little more impulsive, and Fry wonders what if he never fell into the cryogenic freezer and never come into the future. 10/10  The Emmy-award winning Roswell that Ends Well follows Fry accidentally opening a time portal by a pot of popcorn while at a supernova explosion in a microwave and transporting the entire Planet Express Crew into Roswell, New Mexico in the year 1947, the time where Fry's grandfather was alive...well, at least Fry tries to keep him that way. Funny episode, well-written, period. 9/10  One thing I like about this show is that unlike Family Guy, which would just be a string of gags without any thick plotline, Futurama would concentrate on the characters' evolution and create such solid concepts. That's where The Sting comes in. Leela keeps thinking that Fry is alive and is communicating through her dreams after Fry is instantly killed by a giant bee.  The bulk of this episode focuses on the Fry/Leela relationship; Clever and surreal, and while not as funny as the other episodes on this disc, it still has heart. 8/10  Now on to the extras: We get an overall disc intro, as well as individual intros per episode, by creator Matt Groening, developer David X. Cohen, a few producers, and voice actors Billy West and John Dimaggio. We also get a "lost" animatic of Hell is Other Robots with an optional commentary by the same people. This DVD doesn't offer much really, but these extras at least save this from being another bare-bones release. 6/10  Hardcore fans may appreciate the extras in the DVD, but the main focus is for newcomers for the shows, and of course, for casual fans. I still don't feel like buying the season sets yet, simply because the show is still rerunning on Adult Swim and TBS.  Overall score 7/10  Note to fans: The Futurama crew's called back to do four Direct-to-DVD movies so the show still has a future!     