 Hard to believe that it's been a quarter of a century since George A. Romero unleased DAWN OF THE DEAD on unsuspecting moviegoers! Even to this day, DAWN OF THE DEAD is one of the scariest horror movies of all time, and in some respects even better than NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD! I just love the way that this film opens, in pure chaos! We are thrown right into the action and never look back; it's all gone to Hell when the dead are walkin' the Earth! Too bad the critics (and some fans) fail to recognize the full force of Romero's satire of consumerism, a trend which sadly continues to this day. The satire isn't as subtle as those critcs would lead you to believe, in fact Romero knocks consumerism and the influence of shopping malls on society front and center; the dehumanization of the four survivors who hide out in the mall by consumerism makes the living dead seem normal by comparison, and that's precisely the point that Romero makes here. George A. Romero is my favorite horror movie director. His approach to horror in modern society is amazing! Every horror movie he does, particularly NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, THE CRAZIES, MARTIN, DAWN and DAY OF THE DEAD, and CREEPSHOW is a sign of the times disguised as some truly terrifying horror and disarray. Romero also manages to take on authority, and the Military in particular (THE CRAZIES and DAY OF THE DEAD), presenting a paranoid vision that those in positions of power are the real bad guys. That Romero can find and present terrifying stories in even the smallest details of everyday life (see his newest film BRUISER, a take on Kafka) is a testament to Romero's longevity in the horror genre! But what I found to be most enjoyable about DAWN was the involvement of Dario Argento! After getting into Argento's movies (SUSPIRIA, INFERNO, TWO EVIL EYES, DEEP RED, and TENEBRE), I began to appreciate DAWN more than I did when I first saw it. Argento put up the money for DAWN, served as script consultant, and provided the awesome music he did with his favorite band Goblin. The music is amazing and really drives home the terror of the story! The other thing that I love about DAWN is how shocking Tom Savini's makeup effects are even today, especially towards the end! DAWN OF THE DEAD is one of the reasons why the 1970's was a great decade for horror! I just had to get this new edition just to see what the Silver Anniversary set coming out this fall will be like. And I'm glad that I did! The new hi-def transfer and widescreen framing is a revelation, light years beyond any other presentation of this movie over the years! The 5.1 surround tracks add new life to Goblin's score and the soundtrack itself! Plus, you have got to hear the commentary by George and his wife Chris, Tom Savini, and DVD producer Perry Martin; it's an enlightening and funny commentary not to be missed! If you're a major fan of DAWN OF THE DEAD or need to understand the movie before you see the remake that's coming shortly, you can't go wrong with this disc, presented in its US Theatrical version. For all DAWN fans, this is the perfect way to see the incredible job Anchor Bay will do with DAWN OF THE DEAD later this year!     