 Anchor Bay's Dario Argento Collection Volume 3 represents the best of the Italian Hitchcock's distinguished career in horror. First up, we have DEEP RED, his breakthrough. I love the way Argento throws a simple eyewitness (in this case, a Jazz pianist/music teacher) into the mystery. There is a detail of the murder that he witnesses that is like a splinter in his mind (a missing painting) and compels him to investigate the murder. First off, DEEP RED is brilliantly realized and scary in its structure and execution; even things that seem unrelated fit into the solution! I also enjoyed the scenes with David Hemmings (the pianist) and Daria Nicolodi (the reporter that is investigating the murder); not only do they have a terrific chemistry lacking in today's movies, but these moments actually allow you to relax and often laugh. Sure the language switches are annoying at first (at least subtitles are provided, and the original Italian dialogue track is included, in 5.1 no less), but at least it's uncut. DEEP RED (aka PROFUNDO ROSSO) is a definite must-watch! TENEBRE is considered by some Argento fans to be his masterpiece, and it's easy to see why; I bet Stephen King has seen this movie and could relate to it. The title refers to a murder mystery novel that is a best-seller and is being promoted in Rome by its author, Peter Neal (Anthony Franciosa). Anyway, someone is on a murderous rampage seemingly inspired by the book (in fact, the first victim has the pages of the book stuffed in her mouth as she is knifed). TENEBRE is rich in symbolism and style; just check out that photography! The ending is one of the greatest horror movie endings of all time! And again, another great performance by Daria Nicolodi as the author's friend; John Saxon steals it as Neal's agent. You have got to see this movie, it will blow you away! This limited edition 2-pack is the best way to own Dario Argento's greatest achievements! Both films are light years beyond any horror film made before, between, or after them. This is Dario Argento at his best; HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!     