 In May of 2002, I went to the Dover Mall during a long break between my classes at Delaware Tech and bought a VHS copy of MANIAC, a movie which has piqued my curiosity for a long time. So when I came back to Delaware Tech, I watched MANIAC on one of the TV/VCR machines in the library (with headphones), and I was hooked. Weeks later, I started watching it late at night when nobody was around; it became my new horror movie addiction, with my first being THE EVIL DEAD. About a year later, the Limited Edition DVD became my very first purchase from Amazon.com (and what an exciting Saturday morning it was when I received it in the mail!). Having studied abnormal psychology during my first two years at Delaware Tech, I found MANIAC to be more intelligent than all the other slasher movies in its time. Joe Spinell did an excellent job at portraying Frank Zito, the title character; the monologues and soliloquies throughout the movie are exactly what goes through the mind of any serial killer out there. Also, the child abuse subtext of the movie (a subtle one, thank God) is perfectly tangible, as any child who experiences any kind of emotional, physical, or worse mistreatment might be shaped into becoming a murderer or criminal. Plus, the gory set-pieces, courtesy of the great Tom Savini (who I met in August at the Horrorfind convention in Maryland), are among his greatest work and they fit perfectly with the tone of the movie (Just check out the scene where his head gets blown off!). The highlight is the subway sequence, which rivals any one of Brian DePalma's constant Hitchcock homages (1980 was the year of DRESSED TO KILL, his greatest Hitchcock homage!), and the scene following it when Frank is dressing another mannequin, which is a great example of black humor. All told, MANIAC is like a hybrid of FRIDAY THE 13TH and A CLOCKWORK ORANGE; it was too strong for some to stomach in 1980 and remains potent today, thus MANIAC is an acquired taste. The DVD is one of Anchor Bay Entertainment's greatest efforts (after all, the director of the movie was working for the label). The commentary, by said director, Savini, the editor, and Spinell's best friend and personal assistant, is very enlightening to those familiar with the controversy surrounding the movie even today and amusing at times. Plus, "The Joe Spinell Story" is one of Anchor Bay's greatest documentaries ever assembled for supplemental material, as it provides real insight as to the distinguished career of this late, great character actor. Also, there's every trailer, TV spot, and radio spot for this movie, along with a radio interview with Spinell, Caroline Munro, and the director. The Limited Edition is definetly a MUST for the real fans out there, mainly for the excellent soundtrack CD (shaped like Spinell's head!) and tin case; you get to hear one of Zito's soliloquies on one of the tracks! A brutal and ground-breaking horror movie, MANIAC is a definite must-watch for horror buffs!     