 On Sunday, September 27, 1998, I bought my first copy of THE EVIL DEAD on VHS at Wal-Mart for $7. This was something I had been looking forward to since I first heard about this movie on Houseofhorrors.com and a Leonard Maltin review. Six days later, at five in the morning (after a nightmare about watching a horror movie where the floor turned into quicksand), I watched THE EVIL DEAD for the first time. And I was hooked! This movie was indeed gory, and is still among the goriest horror movies ever made, but it was genuinely scary as well, with a great music score and atmosphere created in the woods! It became a habit to see THE EVIL DEAD late at night when everybody else was asleep. So far I have seen THE EVIL DEAD about 25 times. In late March of 2002, my sister Flora gave me this Book Of The Dead Limited Edition DVD as a belated birthday present. This is by far the best packaging of THE EVIL DEAD that Anchor Bay Entertainment has provided. It looks just like the Book Of The Dead in the movie right down to the pages! (And no, I have not tried to recite any of the passages in the book.) The DVD has a great widescreen transfer of the film, a fun audio commentary track by the star of the film, Bruce Campbell (I listened to this track on my most recent viewing), as well as one by director Sam Raimi and producer Robert Tapert, a documentary by Campbell about fans of horror and sci-fi, and a documentary on the film's distribution in England, along with a wealth of other cool supplements! During the weekend of August 16 and 17 of last year, I met special effects artist Tom Sullivan and the ladies of THE EVIL DEAD at the Horrorfind convention in Maryland. They were all really nice; in fact, I learned from Sullivan how he achieved all those effects, saw the props he created, and even learned about how they tried to title and release the film. They also signed my Book Of The Dead and it was one of many wonderful experiences at the convention! All I need now is Bruce Campbell's autograph in my Book Of The Dead (and on my EVIL DEAD 2 and ARMY OF DARKNESS Boomstick Edition); hopefully I'll get it this year! If you still haven't seen THE EVIL DEAD yet, then get with the program and go rent it; better yet, own it! Join Us!     