 Paddy Chayefsky is one of those writers that are relevant in any time (he died at the age of 58), and what could be more relevant in this era than his 1976 film NETWORK (directed by Sidney Lumet)? Just as Stanley Kubrick hung out the absurdities of the Cold War for all to see in DR. STRANGELOVE (OR: HOW I LEARNED TO STOP WORRYING AND LOVE THE BOMB), a film that only becomes more and more potent as time goes on (especially now), so Chayefsky and Lumet attack with full force the TV news industry and its "bastardization" via corporate control, entertainment masquerading as news, and ratings. The centerpiece of this movie is Howard Beale (the late, great Peter Finch) and his psychotic ramblings that are cynically exploited for the network's gain. And it's also about the people in the network that care only about ratings, especially Diana Christensen (brilliantly played by Faye Dunaway, a truly great actress), programming executive, and Frank Hackett (Robert Duvall, in one of his greatest roles), the new head of the network. Also involved in the madness is Max Schumacher (the truly great actor William Holden), head of the news division and best friend of Beale that ends up having an affair with Diana, and Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty, who is incredible), the CEO of the corporation that owns the network.  Watching NETWORK 30 years later, with the way television is going now in mind, it is even more astounding to watch the absurdities of the story unfold. Howard Beale's psychotic ramblings about the state of television and the world have a certain herrange-like quality, especially the infamous "I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!" speech! Equally memorable is Jensen's speech about corporations and businesses ruling the world, with Beatty's fire-and-brimstone delivery  ("YOU HAVE MEDDLED WITH THE PRIMAL FORCES OF NATURE MR. BEALE, AND I WON'T HAVE IT!") lending weight to the absurdity of the story. And in the advent of reality television, the story arc with Laureen Hobbs and her left-wing militia getting their own show is especially funny, especially when they bicker about distribution costs and overhead.  In a time when television is becoming a joke unto itself, NETWORK will never lose its satirical bite. In fact, like DR. STRANGELOVE, Chayefsky's take on network news and television in general will grow more and more potent over the years. And it has one of the greatest punchlines I've ever heard. I consider NETWORK one of the finest movies ever made.     