 Anchor Bay, one of my favorite DVD releasing companies, has created the gold standard for all TV series on DVD! And what better series than SLEDGE HAMMER! to get this treatment! One of the funniest series of the 1980s, this show is about a San Francisco cop named Sledge Hammer (David Rasche) who LOVES violence and talks to his gun. Sledge's antics (e.g. blowing up a building with a bazooka to take out a rooftop sniper, making a thug beat himself up, etc.) are an endless source of frustration for his boss, Captain Trunk (Harrison Page). Only his partner, the smart and patient Dori Doreau (Anne-Marie Martin), seems to understand, if not tolerate, Hammer and his bizarre, as opposed to brutal, methods of fighting crime. I grew up on the reruns of this series and it is just as funny as when I first saw this series! One of my favorite episodes is when Sledge, in an attempt to hide from hitmen sent by a Mob boss who wants him dead, ends up with an Amish farmer and his daughter ("Witless"); the ending is priceless! Another favorite episode is when he investigates the murders of Elvis impersonators ("All Shook Up"). There are many great things about this DVD set! First, as creator Alan Spencer tells us at the beginning of Disc 1, the laugh tracks that were imposed by ABC because test audiences were too stupid to notice the humor of the series have been removed from the first six episodes! Second, the picture quality of these episodes look better than before! Third, there is a retrospective documentary where Spencer, Rasche, Page, and Martin look back on the series. And finally, there's the original pilot and a ton of promotional material (TV ads, electronic press kit, photo gallery, and bumper). I think that any company who is releasing a television series to DVD should look to SLEDGE HAMMER!-SEASON ONE for guidelines on how to package the series. I'm looking forward to SEASON TWO, which is coming out next summer. Required viewing for '80s nostalgists and comedy fans! And remember, "Trust me, I know what I'm doing."     