 In celebration of THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING joining the 11 Oscar Club (11 is the most Oscars won by a movie; BEN HUR and TITANIC hold this distinction as well), among them Best Director for Peter Jackson, I purchased his directorial debut BAD TASTE yesterday and watched it this morning. I must say, everyone who knows Jackson by his incredible endeavor of bringing the blueprint for the fantasy genre to life (it was well worth the wait and the effort IMHO) are going to be in for quite a shock when they see what he did before LORD OF THE RINGS! BAD TASTE is a horror/comedy in the tradition of the EVIL DEAD movies, RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD, and RE-ANIMATOR; a quartet of commandos set up for alien activity take on an alien fast food restaurant chain whose specialty is human flesh! Along the way, the leader Derek ("I'm a Derek. Dereks don't run.") quite literally loses his brain after a nasty fall, a charity collector becomes part of the menu, heads splatter, guns go off, a sheep is blown to bits, and vomit is consumed ("I think the gruel is ready.") BAD TASTE is the most cartoonish of the horror/comedy wave of the mid-1980's; it's like Looney Tunes with a Grand Guignol sensibility. This movie is like THE A-TEAM on acid; just imagine if those guys ever had to face alien invaders! But what appeals to me about BAD TASTE is the simplicity of the story and the execution; the special effects and the one-liners are the stars of this movie and the script and the plot are thin enough to accomodate the smirking attitude of the whole movie. A short film that slowly became something much more (an international cult classic), Peter Jackson's BAD TASTE is extremely recommended for cult horror enthusiasts, gorehounds and low-budget buffs alike! Gotta love that cover art with the alien flipping the bird! The limited edition made it holographic so the other finger could go up (the British bird-flip) like on the standard release. The limited edition includes a little documentary on the making of BAD TASTE. This gives you some insight on Peter Jackson when he was starting out in the film industry. Yes indeed, this man has come a long, long way since this little film and now he is a highly respected and imaginative director.     