 George A. Romero's DAY OF THE DEAD proves once and for all that when it comes to making horror movies about the dead coming back to life and chowing down on the living, Romero is the best there is. Hell, DAY OF THE DEAD makes all other zombie movies, especially Lucio Fulci's excellent zombie movies, look like child's play. My favorite character was Bub, played to perfection by Howard Sherman; his moments, including his discovery of Beethoven, are the best moments in the whole movie. Isn't that interesting, having a zombie as my favorite character in a zombie movie? Yet that makes sense considering most of the other characters in the film; however, Joe Pilato was great as Captain Rhodes, and the late Richard Liberty stole it as Dr. "Frankenstein" Logan. I also liked John the Jamaican helicopter pilot, played by Terry Alexander, who is the most sympathetic human character; his speech to Sarah (Lori Cardille, daughter of the reporter in the original NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, Chilly Billy) about the zombie situation is the most intelligent moment in any horror movie. Gary Klar also steals the show with his performance as nasty Private Steel. Ah, but the gore in DAY OF THE DEAD is the real meat of this grue sandwich here! Tom Savini really poured himself into the effects (along with Greg Nicotero, who appears in the film as Johnson), and it shows. The scenes involving intestines sliding out onto the floor are guaranteed to upset your stomach. I really can't say enough about the climax that hasn't been already expressed; simply put, it's the greatest instance of gore ever filmed in movie history! Truly disturbing what happens to those unfortunate to cross paths with these zombies; it all makes Fulci look like Walt Disney! Savini won a well-deserved Saturn Award for his effects on DAY OF THE DEAD, the culmination of his awesome makeup effects work in all those splatter films he did in the late '70s and early '80s! Anyway, this 2-disc set rocks! Stunning picture quality, like it was filmed yesterday! The extras are really awesome, especially the documentary "The Many Days Of DAY OF THE DEAD" featuring interviews with Romero, Savini, Nicotero, Cardille, Sherman, Pilato, production designer Cletus Anderson, assistant director Chris Romero (George's wife), and co-producer David Ball; their anecdotes on the production are really interesting and informative. There's also 2 commentaries, one with Romero, Savini, Anderson, and Cardille, and the other with director and Romero fan Roger Avary; a radio interview with Richard Liberty (shortly before his death in 2000); behind-the-scenes gore footage; photo gallery; trailers; and TV-spots. Oh, and I love the little booklet that looks like a legal pad with notes by Dr. Logan which contains liner notes from Michael Felsher on his view of DAY OF THE DEAD. A groundbreaking yet underrated horror movie whose reputation is steadily increasing, DAY OF THE DEAD is a definite must-watch!     