 Do you know anyone who actually enjoys watching Faces of Death, or Jackass, or Fox's Botched Surgeries II - This Time It's Brutal? (To be sure, these films have their audiences, but, to be even more sure, these are not audiences known for their discrimination, their artistic sensibilities, or their definitions of common sense and/or decency.)    Show him/her The Doom Generation. I'm sure they'll get a kick out of it.    Reviewers have noted this film for its "art" and for its "postmodernism" and for its attempt to slash apart the various diseases of Generation X and expose them for audiences to the soundtrack of a dozen or so angry bands. I have even read a reviewer who claimed that the film was "supposed to be bad" and that it was the next wave of absurdism in entertainment.    This, if I may put it delicately, is crap. Both the reasoning and the film.    Playing out like a fever dream, this movie attempts to cleverly and darkly walk the edge of the modern teenager's condition, speaking to the heart of the confused and pimply masses across the nation with it's total lack of coherent sense and its indulgence on pointless sex and excessive violence. Toss in a few "dude"s and "far out"s and you have yourself the next generations take on Dazed and Confused.    Except this movie teeters on the edge of pretention, in spite of its glorious embrace of Nonsense as Cool. (And let me say, right now, that I am as much a fan of the type of Troma-team B-movie goofiness that you can find in Buckaroo Banzai or the Reanimator as I am a fan of the classier and more subtler types of entertainment and art to be found in movies such as Eternal Sunshine and Platoon, for example.) What the makers of this film didn't realize was that, in order for a Bad Film to be good, it must just be bad, and not loathesome, or weak, or trite, or ridiculously metaphorical. Intellectual plug-ins do not a diverting movie make.    There are movies that attempt to answer the same questions that this film seeks resolution for: watch Living in Oblivion, Fight Club, and even (in an abstract sense) The Big Lebowski. These are movies that do not insult their audience. These are films that actually pose possible answers, instead of dwelling aimlessly on the drek and drudge of the question itself. These are movies with good dialogue, excellent cinematography, and fantastic actors, none of which the Doom Generation can come close to boasting of.    There are those who decry the negative reviews as having been written by those people who don't "get" the film, but the truth is, as much as there is to get, I have gotten. And they can have it back. Perhaps the Doom Generation could've been redeemable at some point (I'll give it the benefit of the doubt), but the whole piece is wrecked by the same sort of mental masturbation that created garbage like House of 1000 Corpses. That is, the director had an idea for something he wanted to see (aimless violence and Rose McGowen's breasts), and he tailored a movie to that specific desire without considering things like "art" or "insight" or "a plot." Just like Rob Zombie's pointless circus of death, this film spirals around one man's favorite wet dream, and does nothing else.    Let me clarify one last thing: I am not against a director bucking all normal trends and defying normal conventions to create a film unique to his vision, as long as that vision has a point, or a reason for existing. Just because someone feels like making a movie, doesn't make it diverting, entertaining, or worthy of creation, though. If you're interested in films created by those men and women who flaunt conventions and yet, still manage to say something important, watch Requiem for a Dream or Pi or Mulholland Drive.    And if you're one of those people who DO like the Doom Generation, may I recommend to you the extended, uncut DVD of Jackass?       