 Choke is good.  Not great, but good.  If you've read anything else he's ever written, you'll probably think less of Choke than "good."  Even now, I'm having a hard time removing myself from my disappointment in order to look at the text objectively.  I keep thinking, "He could've done so much better."  Palahniuk's prose is a taste to be acquired.  Like mushrooms, sardines, or black licorice, some people like it, some people don't.  No problem there.  Palahniuk's stories, however, are all exercises in fringe-living and existential glee (the type of life view that makes you think it's nihilism before revealing itself to be more of a perpetual self-examination).  What all of this intelligentsia means is that Palahniuk seems to be saying that Life Makes Sense, it's just that no one's figured it out yet.  In all of his novels, he searches for even just an iota of this meaning, and in most of them, I would argue, he succeeds.  Choke, however, is far too rote and formulaic to reveal anything other than the gears within Palahniuk's brain.  Choke, I think, was written to appeal to the masses.  He still has his off-color and cult-style appeal going for him, but it surrounds a tale so overtly moralistic and (at the same time) moralistically ambivalent that it leaves little to no impression.  At heart, the tale is about Victor, who is addicted to sex.  The book is, true to this summation, necessarily graphic and visceral.  Palahniuk's actual prose has lost none of its vinegar and ice here.  It is only the story's progression and eventual resolution that end up playing out like vanilla ice cream.  Sure, sure, sure.  There are bowel obstructions, sloppy sex scenes, and other subversive biological moments, but they culminate in a moment so cliched and trite that you have to wonder if Palahniuk didn't stuff his normally acerbic wit into a Hollywood Fable Factory in order to crank out this entertaining albeit ultimately disappointing Lesson to the Masses.  If you want to see Chuck at the top of his game, start with Invisible Monsters or Lullabye.  (For film buffs, Choke is to Palahniuk as Intolerable Cruelty is to the Coen brothers...good, but no great feat.)     