 Chabon's writing is, without question, exquisitely timed, finely phrased, and nimble without pretention.  The range of his talents has been adequately expressed via his Pulitzer Prize winning novel (Kavalier & Clay) as well as his more playful and certainly chewier children's book, Summerland.  Plied in these diverse arenas, his craft is almost overwhelming in its pristine beauty.  This novella, about an over-the-hill Sherlock Holmes and a mute boy with a parrot, is similarly beautiful and a delight to read, but only if looked at less as a novella and more -- if I may be cute -- as a novelty.  The more effusive amazon.com reviewers point to Chabon's underlying intent, and they wax philosophic about pop iconography, the vainglory of wasted nostalgia, and other rather intricate and complex literary facets.  I'm not about to suggest that those elements aren't there.  On the contrary, I do believe that Chabon is a writer whose prowess and poise can belie a whole wealth of implied intellectual gold.  However, whatever lofty intentions this book may have, they are underwhelmed by the form in which they are expressed.  Here Chabon has written less of a story, and more of a character sketch, and even that is ill-formed, playing out in fits and starts against the backdrop of a watery mystery that arguably only has less than half of a resolution.    It might be enough to say that the "mystery" isn't important to the story -- and I would agree with that -- but it is still a part of the story, and as such I find myself disappointed that Chabon didn't sculpt it with as much precision and skill as he did the more psychological moments (when the unnamed Holmes' age begins to get the better of him) and the outerlying British landscape in general (Chabon has definitely painted a simplistic but authentic landscape upon which to play out this rather tired drama).  This book is not worth buying, but fans of Chabon should read it for no other reason than to enjoy watching the writer flex his literary muscles.  People unfamiliar with the man, however, shouldn't bother.     