 Apparantly I'm one of the few people in, oh, the world that didn't think The Da Vinci Code was that great.  I recognized in Dan Brown's writing the ability to generate tension and plot stress and keep it at powerful levels.  But, let's be honest, his prose is flimsy and utilitarian in rather juvenile ways.  His characters generally lack any kind of meaningful depth.  And finally, the thorough and impressive range of research to be found in the text masks a series of riddles and twists that, at heart, are weakly drawn and, well, kinda silly.  That having been said, I want to point out that, for the tastes to which it is geared, Brown's writing does the trick.  Although I didn't find Da Vinci Code or Digital Fortress to be any great shakes, they both drew me in and held me in suspense.  Sure, I found them just this side of ludicrous, and I was moderately annoyed by the pedestrian writing, but, hey, I still read them all the way through.  Brown has a way of getting his readers to say, "Just one more chapter."  And, in fact, I actually enjoyed Digital Fortress more than The Da Vinci Code.  The later seemed to be more of a glorified conspiracy theorist's textbook than a thriller.  The Digital Fortress has its share of high-brow moments, but it is, at heart, a suspense novel with the requisite high-speed chases, escalating body count, and double-double crosses.  I can see how the text might make more discriminating readers impatient and annoyed: the weak premises, the over-wrought emotional moments, the hastily rationalized contrivances.  However, I can also see how those readers interested in a fat-free bit of pulp would gobble this book up with both hands: the keep-you-guessing set-up, the easily digestible writing, the self-gratifying mind-benders.  Still, taking a larger view, I have to side more with the discriminating readers than anyone else.  No matter what brief diversions this book may offer, it still represents only a shadow of what both Brown and the genre is able to offer.  Consider the stereotypical computer analyst characters, the overly zealous and eccentric hitman, the Hallmark-esque romantic moments, the last big puzzle with its glaringly obvious solution that an entire cadre of NSA specialists and experts still couldn't get until the...very...last...second.  So, pick up this book about code-breaking, the halls of power, and globe-trotting assassins if you're in the mood for an hour or two of mostly flavor-free fun, but anyone looking for an insightful and serious book of depth and intelligence should look elsewhere.     