 Let's get this out of the way right now: House of Leaves can be called pretentious, art-wrecked, over-the-top, and poisoned by the pop era mentality. I say "can be." Consider it this way: harlequin romance novels "can be" cheesy, overdone, melodramatic crap, but there are people out there (lonely and/or horny people) to whom the books fullfill a very specific need. All art has its patrons. Even "Jackass" has its fans.    To that end, for those of you looking for some complex brain cud to chew on for a while, here's the book you've been looking for. The only thing that makes House of Leaves "pretentious" is its intelligence. The only thing that makes it "art-wrecked" is its multi-tiered narration (it is, literally, a story within a story within a story within a story). The only thing that makes it "over-the-top" is its self-imploding nature and its grandiose goals. The only reason it could be called "poisoned by the pop era" is because it is informed by the need to preach to short attention spans with cultural references and the type of "cool for cool's sake" attitude that pervades most middle-class entertainment.    To that end, if you are an impatient, straightforward type of person, you will be annoyed by House of Leaves. Not only does it contain six or seven different (albeit partially connected) stories, but these stories are so intricately woven together, that even the text itself curves on the page, appears upside down, is actually woven sideways and slantways and backways. Literally. If you read this straight through, you will be holding the book upside down at one point.    At its core, the story is about a house that is bigger on the inside than it is on the outside, a tale that, were it isolated, would've fit nicely on the shelves next to "Carrie" and "It." (Stephen King himself is actually "interviewed" in the book) If you were to only read the segments pertaining to the spooky house, you would find it legitimately creepy and unsettling, and most of the negative reviews you see online would, I'm sure, be more positive.    Except that this book is actually about a lot more than just an impossible house. The haunted building, in fact, is a metaphor for bigger themes, and here is where many people may be lost, or insulted, or just bored. Like the structure at its core, the book itself is much bigger inside than it appears to be (or should be, to some) on the outside. I won't attempt to detail here what I believe to be Danielewski's motives or meanings, except to point out the most obvious: that beneath the trite cliches and bubble-gum pop we embrace and he employs, we are all much bigger inside than we seem on the outside. Each of us, Danielewski seems to be saying, appears normal, but we all know that at our core, we are an endless and exhausting supply of dark rooms and incomprehensible mazes.     I am loathe to reduce Danielewski's intent to such pat terms, however, so I will reiterate that this book has enough meat on it for mutiple feedings; some of you, however (and if I may torture the metaphor), may find it too tough to chew.     