 Reindeer Games is an action movie, of this there can be no doubt.    It makes no bones about its intent, showing the audience gored and flaming men in Santa suits in the first thirty seconds of film. Obviously, with landmarks like these, its going to be a rocky trip, and, judging by the gaping hole in the jolly belly of one unfortunate Kringle, it's a journey with a not-so-happy ending.    Ben Affleck is the Rudolph in our little story, guiding the plot. The metaphor is hard to miss, as his character, a car thief just getting out on parole, is called "Rudy." Rudy's cell-mate, Nick (alaus, perhaps?), has had a five month "relationship" via the post office with a lovely girl named Ashley (played with flat-faced pluck by Charlize Theron). Once he gets out of the slammer, Nick will finally get to meet the girl in the pictures, and Ashley will finally get to see what Nick looks like.    But, alas, Nick is stabbed with a shiv before he leaves, and its up to the lonely and (I'm guessing here) sexually frustrated Rudy to approach her under the guise of his late cellmate. Ashley and Rudy hit it off and consummate their relationship. Of course, things go downhill from there.    Since the late Nick once worked in a casino, he is wanted by several thugs to lead a heist on his former place of employment. Heading off our gang of rowdy ragamuffins is Gary Sinise as the extremely unattractive head bad guy, Gabriel. Sinise plays his part with sneering extravagance; his performance is one-note, and although it's a decent note, it drags the speed of the movie down. With a body twice as big as his head (obviously he bulked up for the role) Sinise never really achieves a believably threatening level of villainry. Because his menace is only partially convincing, the movie only partially works. What is lacking is the following:    Our protagonist, Rudy, mentions a number of times that he is not Nick. He'll say he's not Nick, his life will be threatened, and then he'll say he is Nick. This sequence happens about four to five to seventeen times in the movie. Gabriel is either an idiot, or he's an idiot. Although screenwriter Kruger has given us an element of suspense by adding confusion as to how much Rudy does and doesn't know about Nick and his past, he also succeeds in aggravating the plot with the continuous frictional contrivance that is Rudy's inability to make up his mind about his identity. Because Rudy changes courses so often, Gabriel's own threats against his life are called into question, and since Rudy can't die (at least not until the end, if at all), Gabriel must pretend to believe Rudy's pleas that he IS Nick, and the audience must shift about in their seats some more.    There is no skimming here of the good ole' elements of all traditional action movies: every element is present and accounted for right down to the cheesy bad-guy-reveals-his-plot-right-before-leaving-the-hero-in-an-easily-escapabl e-death-trap scene. Don't look for unexpected twists or turns, but just for blaring guns, hallway running shots, and plenty of sex. It is a Frankenheimer film.    In a lot of ways, Reindeer Games wants to be more than it is. The craft of the filming and the clarity of the cinematography aren't weak by any means, but the movie essentially fumbles most critically where its plot is the thickest. In the end, you're left watching a movie that, while eminently entertaining on the most superficial of levels, is still just another excuse to watch guys shooting each other. Instead of a story that runs away with you, Games just seems to be toying around.     