 The premise is unique and engaging:  a serial killer proposes to talk about his business on an exploitive day-time talk show (The show, Stoner!, is meant to exemplify the worst of the types exemplified by Jerry Springer and his ilk).  I was immediately drawn to the idea. Unfortunately, the book reads as if the author wrote it in fits and starts and with half-hearted resolve.  The same way you'll end up reading it. By the way, the listed author, David Locke, is really just a pseudonym for best-selling author Robert Rosenblum.  Robert, I know exactly why you chose to remain anonymous. Aside from the intriguing idea and a few clever crime scenes, this book is lacking all of the things that make even your typical summer schlock at least diverting and readable.  The characters have personalities that are thinly drawn.  The story itself devolves into way too much extraneous exposition.  And the emotional arc of the tale is less of an arc and more of an irregular wave. I'm all for flaunting typical literary traditions (such as solid emotional arcs), but it can be done with more finesse and less utilitarian bluntness.  This book reads as if it were written by a short-sighted historian who chose to fill in the plotholes with laboring details about how golden the sun is or how pretty spring looks.  Just when you get used to the newstyle-writing, Locke tries to get literary.  It makes for uneven and unfullfilling writing. I will say this: the villian (if you can call him that) is well-dressed by Locke's narrative, and although the author takes (obvious) pains to make him a loathesome man, he still comes across as the most likeable person.  I found myself engaged by him, just when I was ready to put the book down for good.  If only the bad guy had shown his face in the first third of the book, instead of the last third. And finally, and perhaps most deadly, the ending is, in fact, a cop-out.  Instead of devising a conclusion that jives with the psychological questions posed by the plot, instead of struggling with the slippy morality of the book (by the end you may be wondering how you want the book to end, too), Locke seems to throw in the towel.   In other words:  this book, without exagerration, has no ending. Which is bad news, no matter how good a writer you are.     