 The prologue of this book I found laboring and annoying. I almost---almost---put the book down and didn't pick it up. I was in the mood for something with more grab and pizzazz, and Russo was obviously crafting a story built on a foundation of thorough introspection and quiet character study. Bo-o-o-o-ring, I thought.    Lucky me, I kept reading.    Russo's writing is not fancy. It is not gilded or showy or pristine. But, after reading it, one leaves with the impression of having just seen something achingly gorgeous. It is like the point where you grow up, look at your mother, and realize just what it is that makes her beautiful, even if it is not necessarily her appearance.    The story Russo has here, of Miles Roby and the life he leads (or doesn't lead) in Empire Falls, is not exceptional or dull in the way that any middle-class small town life is exceptional or dull. Things happen, things don't, and life goes on. There are a few moments of excitement (perhaps the wrong word for it), but they are rare, and necessary, and afterwards, they seem less exciting than the change they provoke.    Because Falls is a novel about change and about stasis. You might find yourself, as I did (many, many, many times), wishing that Miles Roby would do something. It is a common trend in American Literature to have protagonists who are ineffectual and who do virtually nothing until it is absolutely necessary, and Miles comes dangerously close to this cliche.    But Russo's prose, as it digs into the minds and hearts and responses of the characters, shows us what is actually going on beneath the days and months of inactivity. And, unlike many authors, his in-depth analyses are not tiresome or dull or heavily weighted exposition. In fact, it is hard to describe what they are. It is like looking at the placid, reflective surface of a river, adjusting your eyes, and suddenly seeing the whole other world of activity beneath the ripples.     Many reviewers and even the book jacket itself laud the humor in the story, and to be fair, there is humor there (I laughed out loud several times), but it is rare. This is a story of poignancy, of people, and of (of course) redemption. And as cheesy as that type of description sounds, the book itself never delves into cheesiness.    As for the prologue, I understood, finally, when I read the epilogue, just what it was about. It was almost the whole story itself. It is a testament to Russo's writing that, when you finish reading his book, you feel as if you have just read three. I hesitate to call it a "brilliant" book, but it is "amazing," "fantastic," "absorbing," "a work of art," and it definitely deserved a Pulitzer Prize.    You should read it. And don't skip the prologue.     