 People either absolutely love or absolutely hate this movie. That says more about the people than the movie. The movie says enough for itself. Or, rather, it doesn't say a lot, it just says the same thing, over and over again, a lot of times. Let me clarify...    The good reviews rave about "dumb kids getting what they deserve" and "snooping where they shouldn't." These reviewers say that the murderous family is simply "more interesting" than the "idiot teenagers" that were slaughtered. There are comments on irony, and sarcasm, and "black comedy."     I am not arguing that there aren't certain elements which are darkly funny. There are. But a) they aren't strong enough to warrant an entire movie, and b) those elements are outweighed and overshadowed by the film's dominating attitude of hate, cruelty, and self-indulgent violence. This is a movie made by someone who watched "Faces of Death I through XXIV" and was disappointed.    One reviewer says that you just have to "get it." That's fine. Ever heard a joke that lasted an hour? At the end, when no one laughs, the teller says, "It's funny. You just have to get it."    Oh, I get it. And you can have it back.    If Rob Zombie had condensed this into a ten minute short, it wouldn't be bad for the purpose it serves, but this monstrosity is, instead, a grotesque anthem for creative death and murderous glee. The family isn't "interesting." The family is just as one-dimensional as the stupid teenagers. The kids didn't blindly wander where they didn't belong. Captain Spaulding, et. al. were part of an elaborate trap to ensnare locals and passers-by. This movie was an excuse to showcase Rob Zombie's macabre and nimble imagination, which, it seems, is purely obsessed with violence and hatred, specifically toward young, preppy teens (primarily cheerleader-types) and cops and stupid old people. Hate and violence. That's about it.    Which is why whether or not you give this movie a 10 or 1 says more about you than it says about the movie.      