 Scream 3 is a good film. Not great, but good.    It certainly has a lot to live up to. The original Scream, when it was first released, was a refreshing departure from the belabored and formulaic cesspool to which horror movies had long since relegated themselves. Mixing an array of tongue-in-cheek self-referential in-jokes with legitimate terror, the first installment of this multi-million dollar franchise revived a genre that had long since been condemned to movie history, buried alive by such cinematic c**p as Critters 3 and Leprechaun 4: In Space. Never heard of those? Not surprised.    Unfortunately, the sequel, and even the third installment to some extent, threatened to collapse in upon itself. Part of the charm of Scream was the way it mixed a clever hook (a horror movie that knows it's a horror movie) with some very simple, but plausibly disturbing murders and motives (or lack thereof). Cashing in on the success of its predecessor, the makers of Scream 2 hastily jammed together a conglomeration of dying college students with some shaky logic, resulting in mediocre fare. Although it has some great scenes (with the intro being one of the best and most ironic murder scenes out of all three installments), the second of the series seemed a bit too blood-happy. "See here?" the makers seemed to be saying. "We're doing it again! Isn't it great?" And we smiled and said, "Sorta."    Well, Scream 3 is a winner. In fact, the worst that can be said for the flick is that its irony is often a bit forced, and it occasionally succumbs to the very cliches that it seems to mock. Although it doesn't reach the crystal clear tones of the original, it takes the same old cast to some impressive heights. The film is set on the set of Stab 3, a movie within the movie that is a fictional fictionalization of the actual murders in Screams 1 and 2, which are fictional to us, but not to the fictional makers of the Stab movies. Following me? Therefore, there are pretty much two of every cast member. Courtney Cox, for example, plays Gale Weathers, while Parker Posey plays an actress playing Gale Weathers. It's pretty cute.    This gives the cast some artistic license, which adds to the humor and the tension of the script. With the performances by Posey and David Arquette (as the somewhat annoying Deputy Riley) by far the best of the cast, Scream 3 boasts not only some believable fear, but it also has plot twists that aren't ludicrous for once. Written by Ehren Kruger (the man responsible for the fabulous film Arlington Road), this final bow by the Scream movies is done gracefully and, thank God, unpredictably.    Of course, there are some hitches. The killer, for instance, takes two ice picks to the neck, one to the chest, a nicely carved and varnished Victorian table to the skull, and several vases to face, and he/she still comes off with barely a bruise. Ah, but do we care? Not that much, really. Although some of the movie trips a bit over moments of unnecessary complexity and melodrama, those moments are few and fleeting. And although it can be said that the movie itself is not quite as substantial as the first, it is certainly a fitting and satisfying close to a franchise that never took itself too seriously to begin with.     