 On a purely comedic level, This Book Will Change Your Life does its job and does it well.  In coffee table/bathroom book fashion, it is eye-catching, diverting, and easy to digest in small, random doses.  Also, since all 365 entries have their own look and feel, it will appeal to a variety of humors and tastes.  Despite its obviously hokey premise, the book's aims are (for the most part) legitimate.  At least, they take great pains for you to believe that they are.  There are a few mostly impossible suggestions (very few people could manage, for instance, to spend an entire day underwater) which diminish any seriousness one might bring to the book's claims, but overall, I found myself wishing that I had both the time and the energy to put into motion the book's proposal of daily life changing.  Ironically, I think the book's best impact would be on people who do try to live out the ideas mentioned in the pages, if for no other reason than it would make the humor in those ideas more poignant and personal.  Things like going one day without your sense of sight, or mailing your picture and $5 to a random address, or fasting for one day are funny to read about, but their practice, I imagine, would provide one's life with a definite, if not brief, edge.  Perhaps your life as a whole won't change, but that day will certainly be very, very different.  Because the book's humor is so overt and, at the same time, subtle and invasive, it's a given that few people will try to put into practice the book's demands (even though mulitple entries promise fame "in the next book" for people who turn in their various results).  This, I think, is a shame.  Even if some of the book's suggestions are mundane (A "do it yourself" day suggests that you change a light bulb), unfeasible (again, all day underwater?), or a deliberate waste of space (I'm thinking of the gender specific entries, or the day that says, "ignore this entry" and has no suggestions), I would be pleased to see a world of Book Owners putting the ideas into practice.  Not only would they get a kick out of it, but the rest of us might, too.  On the other hand, it is much safer to just read the thing.     