 I'm in the minority, according to the Amazon.com reviews, but I had to put my two cents in after thoroughly reading Patricia Cornwell's novel, All That Remains.  Although they're not the first thing I reach for when I want a good read, I quite enjoy a good intrigue/mystery novel.  Jeffery Deaver's The Devil's Teardrop, for instance, impressed me quite a bit.  I can appreciate a well done and suspenseful crime novel just as much as the die-hard fans.  That having been said, I was less than impressed with this book.  The story line was laid out in intriguing detail and it certainly hooked my attention.  And the novel never lagged or plodded like some have been known to do.  However, I have a lot of problems with the style of the book.  The dialogue, for the most part, is rather mundane.  And although the story had a catchy set-up, the pay-off was rushed and lackluster.  In fact, the last five or six pages were a hastily compiled series of awkward explanations for the few dangling loose ends.  Additionally, Cornwell's prose is spare and punchy, which I normally don't have a problem with.  It makes for unencumbered and breezy reading. However, she chooses to adorn the story in some odd and unnecessary spots.  For instance, whenever a character is cooking, Cornwell takes great pains to detail the ingredients and manner of the meal.  These descriptions are well-done, but inconsistent with the rest of the stylism, and therefore jarring and out of place.  Finally, I understand that Cornwell has a lot of experience and inside knowledge with regards to the investigative procedures and medical examinations, which does lend the book a strong authoritative tone.  However, there are times when the central character, the popular Dr. Kay Scarpetta, weighs down her speeches and conversations with lengthy and unnecessary clinical explanations.  I understand that a medical examiner is naturally prone to such things, but in All That Remains, it happens often enough and clumsily enough that it begins to look less like true character development, and more like Cornwell attempting to over-authenticate the expertise found in the novel.     