 I came to this book unaware that it was a continuation (so to speak) of the lives and doings of a whole host of characters, but that much became apparant as I trudged through the laborious prose and the smug, self-referrential narrative.  The story starts with the theft of a mummy and then expands exponentially to encompass the world of snuff films, plastic surgery, pedophelia, necrophilia, and ... movie theory?  The chaos of the story is well-contained, that much can be said in favor of the book, but in some ways, it is too well-contained, so that buy the time I finished reading, I felt like I had hardly read any story at all.  The theft of the mummy -- which is detailed in the first few well-crafted chapters -- turns out to be a side-bar to the muddled mess that is the rest of the book, a story that is much less than the sum of its parts.  The book would be engaging and entertaining -- in spite of its rather silly plot -- if it weren't for the prose-stopping lectures that punctuate the story like two-ton commas.  For a book that is already teetering on the edge of goofiness, these clumsy chunks of unnecessary exposition are lethal to the pacing and what little interest the story can contrive.  Likewise, the style of the writing fluctuates between lofty all-knowingness and staccato-blast witticisms.  In between stilted discourses on everything from the genesis of crime-solving software to Alfred Hitchcock films you will find snide and pithy one-liners that reference virtually every manner of pop culture, from Jackson Pollock to Porky Pig.  All of this aside, what you're left with is, essentially, a mordant tale staffed with almost wholly unlikeable characters who all speak alike (sometimes in the same agnozing soliloquies that infect the narration).  Finally, the book's conclusion is no conclusion at all, and is an obvious and strained attempt to leave room for another sequel for all of these flatly formed characters to suffer through.  I, however, won't be suffering with them next time.     