 There are a lot of reasons why I went to see The Ninth Gate. Perhaps top on the list is because the director, Roman Polanski, is the man responsible for the highly disturbing, yet artistically sound Rosemary's Baby. But it's also because of the movie's subject matter, i.e. Beelzebub, the Lord of the Flies, Lucifer, and Mr. Boogedyman...whatever you choose to call him. Satan.    You can take a look at the past, oh, twenty-five years, and it's amazing how Satan's popularity fluctuates in pop culture. With movies like Dracula, Rosemary's Baby, Prophecy I & II, and End of Days forming the backdrop of our modern experience, it seems like today's society finds the subject fascinating, if not "cool." Satan movies are all the rage. So I went to The Ninth Gate to see if the subject matter gets the same distressing treatment found in End of Days-to see if Polanski didn't sacrifice plausibility for pizzazz.    He did.    The flick follows book dealer/con artist Dean Corso as he attempts to verify the authenticity of a book for book collector/Satan-lover Boris Balkan (who is also filthy rich). The book is called The Ninth Gate, and it was supposedly written by the devil, who even drew the cute little pictures found in the pages. The theory is that if you get all the pictures together and speak some rudimentary Latin, the Dark Angel himself will pop up and shoot the breeze with you for a while. In a twist of what I suppose is irony, the motto of the book found on the title page reads: "Thus let the light shine." That nutty Satan! He's all into irony.    What is redeeming about this film? Two things. The tone, for one, is good. Polanski didn't rush himself, and so he reproduces the same eerily hushed quality found in Rosemary's Baby. Johnny Depp, playing Corso, delivers a well-measured performance in sync with the movie's atmosphere. Unfortunately the tone of the movie demands substance. This film has none. It relies so much on the weight of its subject matter that the audience members are left essentially clueless on some basic plot points.    A lot of reviewers are going to harp on the "artistic integrity" of this film, and to its credit, the cinematography and editing are excellent. But good timing and restraint are not workable substitutes for a decent story. Depp's character starts the movie with the type of noncommittal attitude necessary for the plot, but by the end, his indifference is reflected by the audience. Polanski mistook confusion for art. When there's not a strong story to guide the mood, even the best craftsmanship becomes meandering nonsense (see Eyes Wide Shut).    However, even with the mish-mash of supernatural gumbo, even with the unfortunate and undecipherable ending, and even with the cartoonish side characters more fitting for a Sandman comic book, the movie at least doesn' t TOTALLY glorify Satanism. I'm all for dissing the devil's fan club. Most worshippers of the devil, it seems to say, are self-indulgent whiners who just need an excuse to hold orgies. What a burn.    But that's one brief, fleeting moment in the film. It's an instance of inflated self-awareness that loses steam fast. Polanski gets his jabs in on the devil's followers, but the conclusion of the film makes him seem sympathetic toward the devil himself. As if his acceptance of Satan wasn't enough to distance the movie from the typical non-evil-promoting viewer, that very acceptance is so clouded in distraction and "artistic integrity" that the only thing getting burned when the credits roll is the audience.     