 This CD offers highlights from a series of concerts organized by Emmylou Harris to raise money to aid landmine victims and raise awareness of this horrendous situation, which exists in many places that have endured armed conflict.  For addressing this problem and raising money to help its casualties, this deserves five stars, and I urge you to buy it or make a monetary contribution to this cause. 	For these reasons, it pains me to report that, artistically, this recording is only a partial success.  Only a few of the performances are truly inspiring, and several sink to the level of embarrassing. Let's start with the good stuff.  The album opens with Emmylou Harris's "The Pearl," one of the highlights from 2000's "Red Dirt Girl."  Harris sings here with a passion and intensity that serves the song well.  Bookending Harris' achievement is the closer, "Christmas Time In Washington," Steve Earle's wonderful, wistful liberal nostalgia trip, which features Harris on backing vocals (Emmylou shows up on several other cuts as well).  Another highlight is Patty Griffin's lovely "Mary." 	Mary Chapin Carpenter offers a nice version of the decade-old "This Shirt,"  which, unfortunately has become overly familiar and should probably be taken off her set list for a while.  Nanci Griffith's overly-earnest  "Its A Hard Life" is another such song that even her fans probably do not need to hear again, and it has not aged well.  John Prine and Guy Clark hold their respective own on their songs, but Bruce Cockburn, Gillian Welch and David Rawlings, and Kris Kristofferson's offer boring performances of second-rate songs.      Its not easy for me to slam artists who donate their time for a good cause such as this.  Once again, I hope you will purchase this CD to help end the horrors of landmines throughout the world.  Even if you play it only once and file it away forever, you will have made the world a better place, particularly if you take the time to read the liner notes.  Musically, though, this CD is only a partial success, and three stars is as generous as I can be.     