 Marvin Gaye's "Whats Going On" is one of the greatest albums of the rock era (post-1955), in R & B or in any genre.  A brilliant, topical song cycle that somehow has never lost its relevance, it was easily the artistic highpoint of Gaye's star-crossed career.  Soulful, beautiful and thought-provoking, it belongs in every collection.  Gaye was one of the finest singers of his generation, and he sounds wonderful on this album. Universal, the owners of the Motown catalog, have reissued this 1971 album with remastered sound, new material and an excellent booklet.  They give "What's Going On" the same treatment that "Blind Faith" received a few months back.  Like the earlier release, Gaye's album sounds terrific.  Much of Motown's '60's and '70's material had sounded mediocre in its initial LP versions, and the early CD reissues were not much better.  Here, finally, the perfection of Gaye's work is apparent.  Familiar songs like "Mercy, Mercy Me," "Inner City Blues" and the title track sound more powerful than ever.  The booklet includes several good essays and previously unseen photos. Once again, as with the "Blind Faith" reissue, the new material is a bit of a letdown.  An alternate (earlier) mix of the entire album is included that is interesting but hardly essential.  There are also two outtakes that serve more as curiosities than anything else.  The single mixes of several songs are also here. The second disc includes a previously unreleased Gaye concert recorded in 1972 in his hometown, Washington, D.C. that marked the singers' first live performance in four years.  Gaye, who suffered from stage fright, is in good form here, although the band soundss underrehearsed and a little sloppy.  Still, Marvin seems to be having fun, and he performs the entire "Whats Going On" album and other material.  Which brings us to another problem; if you buy this set you had better love the songs, because some of them are heard in four, count' em, four different versions. Gaye's fans will certainly want to own this package, and less devoted listeners will probably enjoy it, too.  Still, one can't help but feel that this set has been padded out to two discs to enable the record label to charge a relatively steep price.  Budget-conscious listeners may wish to wait to see if Universal will issue the remastered album on its own.     