 Shawn Colvin finally became a star with her 1996 album "A Few Small Repairs" and its hit single, "Sunny Came Home."  Her breakthrough came at a point in her career when even her fans were beginning to doubt whether she would ever produce a consistently great album.  After a long period working to establish herself on the folk scene and working as a backing vocalist for artists such as Suzanne Vega and Eric Andersen, Colvin released her first album, "Steady On," in 1989.  Unfortunately, inconsistency was the hallmark of her recording career; she wrote some terrific songs ("I Don't Know Why" may be one of the most beautiful songs ever written), but not all her material reached that level.  She was also often victimized by heavy-handed and questionable production choices that were probably beyond her control, including a poorly-conceived and executed album of her favorite songs by other songwriters called "Cover Girl"(1994).  Despite her obvious vocal and songwriting talents, it began to appear that Colvin might never a record a great album. 		"A Few Small Repairs" changed everything.  Colvin wrote or co-wrote a solid and intelligent batch of songs that seemed far more meaningful and heartfelt than her previous output.  Working closely with a sympathetic producer, the gifted musician/producer John Leventhal, Colvin's songs were, for the first time, arranged in a manner that complemented rather obscured the melodies. "Repairs" was a success on every level, and Colvin finally found a large audience. 		Few notice a musician's struggle to build a career, but once you've had a hit, everyone pays attention.  Wisely, Shawn Colvin took five years to record and release a follow-up to  "Repairs," and it was time well-spent.  "Whole New You" is the best album of Colvin's career.  Collaborating once again with Leventhal, Colvin has crafted some of the best songs she's ever written, with lyrics that are insightful and personal, if occasionally enigmatic.  She also demonstrates continued growth as a vocalist, exhibiting an almost jazz-like phrasing and sense of time.  Leventhal apparently handled most of the arrangements, and if they are built around drum loops a little too often for this listener, the music is always effective and never boring.  "A Matter of Minutes," Anywhere You Go," "Bonefields" and the beautiful closer, "I'll Say I'm Sorry Now," are the obvious highlights, but there's really not a bad track here. 		"Whole New You" is one of the best albums of the early months of 2001, and it bodes well for the continued success of Shawn Colvin.     