 This 2 CD set was recorded on two of the later nights of Springsteen's long stand at Madison Square Garden in New York in June & July 2000.  Several shows were filmed, and HBO produced a program consisting of footage shot on June 27 and June 30.  This recording is essentially the soundtrack for the televison show, with seven added tracks. 	This CD is a nice keepsake for fans.  It's a good, but not great edited performance of a representative set from the 1999-2000 tour (Its good to remember that these are not necessarily the best shows of the tour, it just happened to be the shows that HBO was recording them).  These were among the last dates of Bruce and the E-Street Band's "reunion" tour that lasted fifteen months, with breaks.  There are no revelations here for Springsteen's hardcore fans, and this will all seem a bit too familiar to those who have been trading, buying and selling bootlegs of every show from the tour.  The sound is very good, but not that much better than the best "boots" available.  The booklet is adequate but nothing extraordinary; it seems to thanks everyone within a three-mile radius of the concerts.  Its also worth noting that this is not a complete concert, and that some familiar songs are not to be found here.  The standard Springsteen show was edited down for television, then additional "bonus tracks" were added to fill out the second disk 	Of special interest will be the songs not previously available, such as the powerful "41 Shots," a song inspired by the police shooting of an unarmed man, and the anthemic "Land of Hope and Dreams."  Radically rearranged versions of older songs like "Born In the U.S.A." and "Youngstown" are also worth having. 	The E Street Band sounds great, on what may be their final shows with the Boss, and Springsteen features the members in larger roles than on previous tours.  Springsteen himself sounds great.  This is worth having, but perhaps it could have been done better by offering a single great show from the tour, rather than a soundtrack of the television show.     