 Charlie "Yardbird" Parker is regarded as one of the unquestioned masters of jazz.  Like Ellington and Armstrong, Parker's talents changed the direction of jazz, and his influence is felt in the 21st Century, over 45 years after his death at age 34. Since the 1970's Parker's recorded legacy has been fairly well preserved, as his studio recordings for Savoy, Dial and Verve have been reissued often, if not always well.  His live recordings have also been widely available.  Rehearsals, radio air checks and live performances have been issued and reissued in many forms, of sometimes of questionable legality.  Fans and fellow musicians were recording Parker even before he had started performing and recording as a solo artist, and fortunately for Parker's fans, most of those recordings have survived.  Very few previously unreleased performances have surfaced in recent years, however, at least until this two CD set was released in 2000. This was recorded at the New York City's Open Door jazz club, soon after Parker's "cabaret card" (an archaic license issued by the police department) was returned to him and he  was allowed to perform at New York nightspots for the first time in two years.  It was a difficult period for the saxophonist and, although only 33, his health had begun a decline that would end less than two years later.   According to the liner notes, these recordings spent many years in the collection of Parker's fourth wife, Chan Richardson Parker, then were turned over to Columbia Records in the `70's.  Even Parker collectors did not know of the existence of this recording until recently.  I do not know whether this release is legitimate, but any previously unheard Parker is a treat for his hardcore fans. This release is not really for the casual listener, though.  The sound quality is rough, as tape recording was still in its infancy in 1953.  Parker is heard clearly throughout, but the rhythm section and occasional trumpet sometimes drift in and our or microphone range. Parker is in good form throughout, and this is one of his better recorded performances from this late stage of his career. After spending two years on the road performing with pickup bands, "Bird", as his fans and friends called him, is clearly glad to be back in front of a New York crowd,, and he is supported by musicians of similar caliber. The packaging of this set, though, is deceptive.  The running time is listed at either 130 minutes or 1 hour, 30 minutes (its unclear), yet the entire two disc set checks in at under 70 minutes.  Given the relatively high price, misrepresenting the time by such a significant amount is inexcusable, and costs it a star. The mediocre sound quality costs it another.  Still, Parker fans will certainly want to add this to their collections.     