 Mike Metz is the type of musician that drives record company executives crazy.  The guy is obviously a talented songwriter and singer, who plays a mean guitar, leads a sharp and multifaceted band, and produces his own recordings as well.  In baseball, they call someone like this a five-tool player, and they are a rare find.  As is Mike Metz. 	But the A & R and marketing people that are supposed to call the shots at the labels are, for the most part, easily confused.  And rather than focus on the great music that's to be found on "El Dorado," they will ask each other, "Gee, how do we sell this guy?"  Artists who don't fit into a single neat category often struggle to build a successful recording career, which is a shame.  But the small yet significant world of alternative country, Americana, roots music or whatever we're calling it this year has demonstrated that there is a place for artists like the Mike Metz Band. 	Metz's blessing/curse is that he is so damn versatile.  He's comfortable as a rock and roller, soul singer, country warbler, blues rocker, and alt-country singer/songwriter.  His chameleon-like ability to shift from one style to the next is a rare one, and the only slight misstep is a stab at Tex-Mex.  But Metz's strong songwriting and earnest vocals make the shift from one type of music to the next a smooth one; in doing so he displays the self-confidence usually found in veteran performers like Delbert McClinton, Shelby Lynne and Steve Earle, to name just a few.  Mike Metz may not be in their league yet, but its not unrealistic to expect that he will be someday.  My hope, and prediction, is that the California-based Metz finds a way to integrate all his stylistic interests into a single, distinctive music.  When he does, the result should be very special. 	"El Dorado" has a number of bright moments.  "Peaches," the opener is a convincing and fun soul song that invokes the classic Stax sound of the sixties.  A sweet, infectious rocker, "Ask Angeline, is irresistible. The CD's title song features some wonderful pedal steel work while also managing to invoke the more reflectivel side of Lynyrd Skynyrd.  The disc's final song, "Deal Breaker," demonstrates that Metz can write and sing a memorable straight-ahead rock & roll song; he also adds some hot lead and slide guitar work.  The band provides solid backing throughout, but Doug Wagner on drums, David Phillips on pedal steel and Summer Burkes on harmony vocals deserve special mention.   	"El Dorado" is a very pleasant surprise.  Here's hoping that its just the first step in a long and rewarding career for the Mike Metz Band.     