 This is an impressive return to form from an artist who has struggled artistically and commercially for much of the last decade.  Like fellow Texan Willie Nelson, Crowell had the misfortune to write his most memorable songs before he became a star.  "Ain't Livin Long Like This," "Til I Gain Control Again"and "Leavin' Louisiana" were hits soon after Crowell departed from Emmylou Harris' Hot Band, but they were hits for other artists.  Crowell recorded three solid albums for Warner Brothers that didn't sell.  It wasn't until his stay on Epic Records beginning in the mid Eighties that Rodney Crowell became a bona fide country star, with strong material that seemed to point to a new direction in Nashville. He recorded three wonderful albums that became big sellers, the best being the wonderful (and recently reissued) "Diamonds and Dirt." Along with then-wife Rosanne Cash, Emmylou Harris, Steve Earle, Lyle Lovett, Nanci Griffith and Kathy Mattea, Crowell seemed at the vanguard of an ambitious movement of songwriters and performers that could transform country music into something more than rural pop music.  For a few years, these artists had some significant commercial and artistic successes, and the future seemed bright. Well, unfortunately, it didn't last.  Country turned in less ambitious and serious directions. Garth Brooks, Shania Twain, and a legion of faceless cowboy-hatted singers came to dominate the charts.  Rodney Crowell and these other talented artists stopped selling, at least to country audiences.  As the Nineties went on, Crowell's songwriting recordings seemed less confident and inspired, and his career came to standstill.  A messy divorce from Cash further damaged his image. Happily, "The Houston Kid" is a remarkable return to form.  Freed from the burdens of recording for a major label, Crowell has created the most heartfelt and personal recording of his long career.  Inspired by his complex and often turbulent childhood, and a troubling relationship with his father, Crowell has produced a solid batch of songs that are reflective but never morose, and only grow in power with repeated listening.  Crowell's tenor voice, never his strongest attribute, has aged well and is the perfect instrument to covey this material.  The opening "Telephone Road" and "Highway 17" are personal favorites.  Former father-in-law Johnny Cash makes an effective cameo appearance on "I Walk the Line (Revisited)." Fans of what currently passes for country music probably won't appreciate this fine album, but if you value intelligent songwriting and singing, this is for you.  Here's hoping that "The Houston Kid" is the beginning of a second renaissance for Rodney Crowell.     