 Composer/bassist/bandleader arrived in New York in the early Fifties after stints with Lionel Hampton and Red Norvo, seemingly a multi-talented and fully-formed musician.  Unknown to most was that the musician had a long career in Los Angeles bands dating back to the early Forties.  Remarkably, the many recordings that Mingus made in L.A. in the mid-Forties have not been reissued, at least until this historic collection. Given the minuscule size of the record companies for which he recorded, perhaps it's a miracle that these sides survived at all.  Mingus led his own group on most of these sessions, which featured mostly originals compositions.  Amazingly, Mingus was already composing unusually complex and ambitious works that reflected some of the harmonic development of the then-current bebop movement, yet the music itself cannot be classified as bebop.  Instead, Mingus seems to be exploring the implications that bebop harmonies could have on jazz composition.   Tadd Dameron and Miles Davis, among others, would pursue similar ideas in the late Forties, but Mingus, as usual, seems to be moving in his own individual direction. Given Mingus' musical background, his individualistic approach to jazz composition is hardly surprising.  Classically trained, Mingus was writing classical/jazz hybrids even as a teenager.  In a more racially tolerant era, he would almost certainly have pursued a career as a classical cellist or composer.  Fortunately, jazz gave him a forum to pursue his musical aspirations.  These seminal recordings are an intriguing peak at his ability to wed jazz harmonies, instrumentation and rhythms to classically-influenced musical forms.  His ambitions were enormous, perhaps only exceeded by Duke Ellington among jazz musicians.  If Mingus could be accused of inconsistency in his music, he could never be accused of complacency.  That said, these early works are not the equal of his classic recordings of the mid to late Fifties.  Some of these tracks feature vocalists, in an obvious if unlikely attempt at a hit record, while other numbers are interesting experiments at best.  Still, it's a revelation to hear so many elements of Mingus' later style already at work in his music.  Every serious fan of Charles Mingus will want to hear these recordings, and the compilers of this set have done a magnificent job.  The CD comes with an extraordinary booklet.     