 If Paul Revere and the Raiders are remembered at all, its for their mid-Sixties pop hits like "Kicks," "Good Thing" and "Just Like Me," or for their long run on the television show "Where the Action Is."  With their goofy name and silly Revolutionary War-era band uniforms, it would be easy to dismiss the Raiders as a teenybopper group whose day in the sun has long passed. But wait, not so fast.  Before they signed to Columbia Records in 1964, Paul Revere (yes, that's his real name) and his band were one of the hottest bar bands in the Pacific Northwest, holding their own against the Kingsmen (of "Louie, Louie" fame) and frat boy faves the Wailers (no, not Bob Marley's Wailers).  Unlike many bands of the era, the Raiders were out of their teens and had honed their instrumental skills by playing bars, dances and teen clubs for almost five years.  Their strongest weapon was vocalist and sometime saxophonist Mark Lindsay.  Don't let the pretty boy looks fool you; Lindsay was a terrific singer who could croon, growl and shout better than most white boys covering the r&b hits and classics of their day.  Interestingly, Paul Revere and the Raiders were the first rock n'roll band signed to Columbia Records, which was best known for its classical, jazz and pop recordings. This excellent set captures the band at the time of their signing to Columbia, when the record company had not yet decided how to capture their dynamite live sound on record.  They finally decided to record the group live in the studio before an audience of young listeners.  Most of the show has never before been released, for some reason, because Paul, Mark and the boys tear the place up.  They perform a great selection of r&b and rock 'n roll classics, with a few well-chosen obscurities added to the mix.  Unlike many other rock 'n roll groups of the era, the Raiders had the talent to cover these songs, and their performances have aged well over the ensuing years.  There's nothing particularly groundbreaking or original here, but the performances are more than credible.  This was exciting band, and their energy survives in these recordings. The second disc includes rehearsals for the live set, plus a number of outtakes and early singles.  The music and performances are fine, but by last of these studio sessions the Raiders are already losing the characteristics that made them special. The material is still enjoyable, but one can hear the producers attempting to mold the Raiders into just another pop group, readymade for the radio. The British Invasion had arrived, and American bands were often forced to emulate English bands who themselves were imitating American artists.  Sadly, Paul Revere and the Raiders also suffered this fate.   Needless to say, within months they were stars, and for the next three years they were seldom off the charts. "Mojo Workout" is a treat for fans of gritty Sixties rock & roll.  Fans of the Wailers, Bobby Fuller, the Sonics and Them (Van Morrison's band) will almost certainly enjoy this release.     