 Rosco Gordon is one of the unsung heroes of rhythm & blues.  Memphis raised, Gordon recorded for Sun Records in the early '50's, and recorded sporadically for other companies for the next decade.  A solid and distinctive singer who also played a mean piano, Gordon wrote his own songs, which set him apart from many of his contemporaries.  "No More Doggin'" and "Just A Little Bit" are the best known compositions.   Unfortunately, Gordon shares the fate of many talented r&B performers in that he was exploited by record companies, music publishers and others.  He made very little money from his music, and was often taken advantage of by those he trusted.  When Gordon married his wife, Barbara, in the early 1960's and began to raise a family, he had the good sense to get out of the music business and enter steadier if less glamorous career in dry cleaning in New York City.  It seems he had few regrets.  Gordon's escape from the tough life of an entertainer is probably the reason he is still with us at age 66.  He now makes a much-welcome return to music with the very enjoyably "Memphis Tennessee." This comeback album is a revelation.  Gordon sounds terrific, as he revisits some of the great songs he has written and previously recorded,  and offers some nice new tunes as well.  Accompanied by guitarist Duke Robillard and his terrific band, Gordon demonstates that he is still very musch in his prime as a performer.  He has lost nothing as a singer or a pianist. Blues fans and fans of classic r&B will enjoy this set, which concludes with an informative interview with Gordon that discusses his career. The program notes are good, although they make a big deal out of Gordon's influence on ska, the Jamaican precursor to reggae.  I did not know that Gordon was so revered in Jamaica, so this was interesting, but the influence of '50's and '60's American music (particularly the New Orleans style) on the rise of ska has been well-documented in the past.  I always thought that Sam Cooke, Jackie Wilson, Professor Longhair and Smokey Robinson were the major influences on ska, but I'm glad to add Rosco Goron's name to this list.     