 Summary: Just buy the cheapest Oral-B ProfessionalCare model you can find on the market and you will get all of the wonderful teeth cleaning the reviewers here have been raving about without wasting money on useless features.  Review: I bought this one after the unreplaceable battery on my Oral B  3d Excel (older equivalent of the ProfessionalCare 5000) failed on me. After comparing the two, I have decided that the cheapest ProfessionalCare model they offer which costs half the price had all the features I really needed.  The key features for me are: * Rechargeable - everything from ProfessionalCare 5000 on up is rechargeable * High speed 3d oscilations - ALL of their models from the ProfessionalCare 5000 on up have the same rotating speed and they all do side to side and front to back movents! * Needs to supports all brush heads - Aside from their incompatible sonic line, all their brushes support all their brush heads. I bought the Triumph mainly because I liked the idea of their FlossAction head, and on their web site they claim that it only works with the Triumph. THIS IS INCORRECT. The floss action head works with all their models!!!!!! They claim the triumph brush detects a "smart chip" in the flossaction head that causes it to modify the way the motor works, but all it does is restrict you to the most powerful setting. I tried the Flossaction head on my cheaper 3d excel and it works just fine.  All the other features of the triumph are no big deal - the display screen to tell you the charge, etc. All that stuff is not worth paying twice the price to me.  Features they tout as unique to the Triumph that I don't care about:  * Multiple cleaning speeds - unless you have incredibly sensitive gums, you will just use the maximum speed every day. * LCD display - You can't see it when you are brushing anyway. When you are done it tells you exactly how many minutes you brushed. Who cares about that? The pulse warning after 2 minutes during the brushing (on all their models) tells you that anyway. And it's pretty easy to remember to stick the thing in the charger once a week... you don't need an LCD display with the exact charge. That's overkill. *FlossAction support - This is a great brush head but as I said above, this works in all their models even though they claim it does not.  They need to justify a higher price so they just packed on features that don't mean much... my advice is just to get the cheapest ProfessionalCare brush model you can find and it will be just as good.  On top of all this, the Triumph display screen requires a bigger battery and is heavier, which is a slight annoyance.  Go to oralb dot com website where they do a comparison of the features of all their models. Keep in mind that their statement that the Flossaction only works on the triumph is incorrect.     