 My 3 year old loves learning letters and phonics and trying to learn to read. She chose this toy at the toy store in reward for potty training. She couldn't wait to 'drag' those big block letters accross the board! I was so happy she chose something educational. We opened it and what a dissapointment! It is a GREAT CONCEPT! She loved dragging the letters accross the board to make sound (the name of the letter, phonics sound, and letter beginning with it) is said clearly when you drag a letter. The PROBLEM IS that it is just not refined enough. Literally a third of the time, the letters don't read. Even when your child drags the right letter it asks for, it sometimes will not read it giving them the feeling they got it wrong. It was very glad I was sitting there to tell her it was right and to keep trying. Sometimes she had to drag it again and again and it still wouldn't read and we would have to turn the thing off and on again and start with a new letter. I couldn't even get it to read 1/2 the time after she failed even after doing it perfectly as instructed in the manuel-which 3-year olds don't read so what good is touchiness like that in a toy! Total frustration within 10 minutes. The toy has an ON button that is not clearly marked, you just have to know that is the right one. The other 3 buttons for modes of play are confusing. You press the note button for a 'song' about the letter. But it takes forever to play this little intro song and meanwhile, your kid has dragged several letters accross the thing trying to make it work. By the time the intro song is over, they are over with it too and pressing other buttons to get it to work which only confuses the machine more. The other two buttons are a button that makes it ask for certain letters and a quiz button. The questions are fine. My kid was very excited to answer as she knows alot of her letter already and yet 1/3 the time it didn't respond to her rolling the letters. Again, this is a great fun and educational concept but not refined enough. I truly would have rated it the tops for education if I was only rating it when it worked! But, I don't see how it can teach when it doesn't respond to your child's answers half the time. I am going to keep trying to convince my little girl that she should bring this poor working toy back to the store and pick another reward but you know how hard that is for kid's to understand. She wants to play with it so badly but is already walking away from it each time she trys. I am so glad I opened the package carefully! Skip this one and get the little letter desk that comes with a magnetic chalkboard, word cards with cut outs where the letters magnetically fit into, and magnetic letters. It is not electronic but great fun and still taken out every other day here after 6 months. It is by Fisher-Price as well and I think it is called the ABC something and it is much cheaper and self-correcting in that the correct magnetic letters only fit in the word cards! My girl loved being able to 'spell words' with this. Good luck.     