 Long after reading Batman:Year One, and The Dark Knight Returns, which are formidable in their own respects, I was fortunate to have stumbled across Batman as I always saw him in The Long Halloween. Whereas "Year  One" and "Returns" rekindled a dying enthusiasm for Bats,  "Halloween"'s minimal style in art and dialogue allowed me just  enough information to let my imagination fill in some blanks. Characters  are reduced to their basic shapes: the stocky rectangular Bruce Wayne, the  aerodynamic, muscular Batman and Catwoman, the stick-like Joker and  Scarecrow, and so on. Proportions are tweaked and played with to allow for  some interesting encounters among the characters from the gigantic daughter  of the Roman to Gotham itself as a flat black and blue backdrop for our  story to unfold. While the character designs are sometimes too  characature-ish especially among the villains there is a nice  mysteriousness that is maintained throughout the story because of the  outlandishness they convey. Don't look for mong diatribes from any one  character as conversations are mainly one-or-two liners usually involving  nasty confrontations. The repeated line:"Do what needs to be  done" and variations of that display the self-rightousness that the  characters evoke in their own vision for Gotham; that the obsessive mission  of Jim Gordon and Batman are not too far off from the madness of Harvey  Dent and Holiday is eerie, indeed. Dent is a tragic character in every  sense. Its a shame that you never see the cynicism that he has for the  Justice System save for a few freudian slips in the company of Gordon. That  he is doused in the face with acid in mid-story by his star witness in the  case of his career should be satisfactory enough, though. The story should  be commended for weaving different members of Batman's Rogue's Gallery in  the mix but it also makes for a couple of plot holes and even some  uninteresting sidetracks. The Joker, the Mad Hatter, and the Scarecrow go  on some pretty predictable escapades that seem to originate from an  editor's memo reading "more action sequences!". Poison Ivy's  seduction of Bruce Wayne is exception to these intrusions and you feel a  chilly fall from grace as she arrogantly states that no man can resist her  in their embrace. Falls from grace indeed are a theme rampant throughout  the book from a mob king, to the D.A., to the reputation of Bruce Wayne.  Despite its short-comings, it is still a well-composed retelling of  Two-Face's origin as well as another good addition to anyone's Batman  collection.     