 Having grown up in the eighties and remembering first-hand movies like "The Little Mermaid" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" and whats more gaining an affinity and admiration for their creators I plunged into DisneyWar. Having landed a job while in college at The Disney Store just after the Ovitz fiasco I first learned of the darker side to 'Uncle Eisner' that Disney character that played himself on T.V. Sunday nights.   Stewart's book is a juicy chunk of details involving Eisner and his (in his mind) bit players including Katzenberg, Ovitz, and Roy Disney. Each of these men in their rise within the Disney corporate structure and the chance at the coveted presidency threaten Eisner. A cycle of corporate double-speak and false promises ensues and with each one cost face and money. Michael Ovitz' record severance package, Katzenberg's infamous 2% clause that Eisner disputed and delayed to the tune of $280 million. Ovitz' hiring was among scores of conflicts of interests of which include the offering of a seat on the board to a fundraiser for the Gehry-designed Disney Concert Hall. (Eisner wanted her to stop asking the company for money to help pay for it. Eisner himself never personally donated any money for it.)  That none of the characters are infalliable and essentially it comes down to battle of the millionaire's egos is not suprising. It is daunting to learn of Eisner's perception of power. True, he revitalized a dying brand but since then he has allowed pettiness or just plain lack of innovativeness to control his decision making. How else to explain not acquiring Pixar when he had multiple occasions? To pass on various projects such as 'Lord of the Rings'? Worst of all, to think that his ideas have a place anymore in creative places such as his embarassing 'Pomp and Circumstance' suggestion in "Fantasia 2000". The book itself reads like a listing of facts with no particular voice...like a Vanity Fair article turned into a book. It spends a little too much time on the ABC acquisition and not enough on animation. For a book on a man that controls a company with such vast departments Stewart does maintain a good balancing act of addressing Eisner's approach to each. Indeed it becomes clear that Eisner's inability to see that he may be overextending himself and thus impair his judgement (especially after his heart surgery) is Machivellian to say the least.  Ironically the conclusion is that he is the kind of executive that he hates...he creates bad publicity and is risky in the wrong places. Disney movies, particularly animation continually lose money and the brand itself is tainted: the name synonymous with greed. Read the book and see just how the magic faded.     