 How beautifully written this book is, I cannot even begin to explain, nor would I ever do it justice.  It's hard to believe that Dessen's books keep getting better and better, because I always wonder how she's going to top the last one.  Somehow, she always does, and in a way that leaves you desperate for more.  I have never been one to re-read books, but I absolutely cannot lay this book to rest.  I want to re-live the story, because I can't bear to let the characters go.  Annabel is facing the hardest school year of her life.  She's dealing with a lot of family issues including her sister's severe battle with anorexia, and trying to tell her mother that she desperatly wants to quit modeling.  Her ex-best friend Sophie no longer talks to her, because she thinks that Annabel slept with her boyfriend, but the truth is far deeper and the worst part is that nobody knows.  Now that her friends have turned on her she has nobody until Owen Armstrong, the most unlikely person, befriends her and makes her see life in a new light.  Dessen did a beautiful job of portraying family relationships and how difficult it can be when you have to sacrifice for them.  You feel so much a part of this book that it's as if you are sitting at the table with them arguing, crying, screaming, laughing, talking, or holding one another.  The struggle with friendships is so real and honest that I'm sure every one of us can relate in some sense to the loss of a best friend, or a misunderstanding that never was resolved that Annabel deals with on a daily basis.  The pain she has to endure while desperately hiding the truth from everyone else is incredible and you feel so deeply for her that it may bring you to tears or just want to reach into the book and give her a big hug.  Every young woman should read Dessen's books, but especially this one.  It has so many lessons to offer girls on topics that are extremely important for them to be aware of.  Everything from love and loss to anorexia and rape, this book has it all and it is so very beautifully done.  I cannot express enough just how highly I reccomend this book to women of all ages, but especially to high school girls.  Dessen is absolutely brilliant.     