 Gladwell makes some interesting points in this book and explores several real world examples that tie into the general theme about the spread of epidemics through our society.   But there is nothing revolutionary about  the ideas in this book (other than Paul Revere) and it seems Gladwell  really pushes to brand new buzzwords on old concepts. However he does a  good job of getting you to think about how things become popular that you  may just have ignored in the past.  The best thing about this book are the  stories he weaves into these concepts such as Roger Horchow, Blue's Clues  vs Sesame Street, Gore-Tex, etc. Obviously this book is directed towards  a marketing audience.  It is extremely light on examining in background  detail on the studies he quotes or providing any sort of numerical analysis  behind them.  For instance his reference to collective memory studies makes  no mention that it may be easier for couples to relate and solve problems  compared to two individuals who have no history together and therefore  would skew the data.  Nor that the sample size for the study was incredibly  small.  I do believe there is something to transactive memory since for  certain things that I don't need to know on a regular basis I associate  people with certain groups of facts instead of spending time memorizing  them myself. Further some of the stories are slightly dubious.  For  instance Gladwell states that not until 1993 did Airwalk market beyond  California when they pushed Foot Locker to carry the shoes.  However I  remember Airwalk being quite popular during the late eighties in rural  western North Carolina where I grew up. In the end I still found this  book entertaining and walked away thinking about how things become popular  in a different way.  I would even rate this book higher if Gladwell would  abridge this and cut out many of the repetitive or loosely tied stories in  this book.  Many of the points are obvious after the first tie-in and don't  need an additional 20 or 30 pages of stories to drill it home.     