 I am a big fan of massively multiplayer online games and PLAYNC should be more than happy to have customers like me. City of Heroes City of Villains Guild Wars Lineage II are some of my favorite games and I did review some of them with 4 and 5 stars. I can understand as an old and experienced gamer that the more complicated are the games the more bugs you are going to deal with. What I can't understand is how a game with 5 years of development can have so many bugs and specially when hundreds of gamers like me we supported the development of the game not only dedicating our time but PAYING for the pre-order version. There are no excuses for treating the advanced gamers which is your target group like this. On the top of all PLAYNC has created a very nice online adventure game called "support". Each time I used it in the past I was forwarded from one server to another (From U.S. support to the European support e.t.c. then I was getting a ticket number I was logging in my support site and then I was checking for my answer. Nice easy and requires no time at all. Ah! I forgot to tell you about the game. The concept is really good you choose a hero and a customized vehicle with high-tech, futuristic weaponry in order to fight the mutated creatures and bandits. You will be able to participate in epic battles and wars over the control of the regions. You can develop advanced crafting skill you will able to fully customize your vehicle and you are going to develop your abilities. The environment is a devastated Earth where you can blow up buildings, trees, and other structures and fortunately you never run out of ammo The game includes PvP (Player vs. Player) interaction clan/solo Arena dueling for fame and fortune. Now please do not get me wrong the game is very good the only problem is that it is UNFINISHED. I would recommend waiting UNTIL THEY FINISH IT FIRST and then YOU WILL BUY THE FULL VERSION. Trust me when they will finish it I promise I will change my review but until then try it only if you don't mind to crash your system every time you play.     