 It's been fun watching this band develop.  They have ranked in my top three fav bands since I first heard them, when Throwing Copper first came out. Mental Jewelry - collection of good and some very good songs.  Intelligent lyrics, but no real theme. Fav songs - Beauty of Gray, Mother Earth Is A Viscious Crowd Throwing Copper - You can see the beginnings of the theme album concept here.  Some great songs that play better in the order of the album.  The first three songs build to a cresendo then the fourth takes it back down a level to a deep, subtle sound.  This happens several times on the album. Fav songs - Seling the Drama, You Alone, Pillars of Davidson, White,discussion Secret Samadhi - There best album from beginning to end.  Not their best songs, but here you see the biggest difference in playing the songs alone versus in the order they are on the album.  Gas Hed Goes West is a great ending song that ties everything they've done from subtle rock to hard driving rock in one song.  It plays differently if you order it first. Fav songs - Gas Hed, Turn My Head The Distance From Here - Some better songs than Samadhi, especially Fav Songs - They Stood Up For Love, The Distance, Sparkle, Dolphin's Cry But no real theme.  Just a collection of good songs again. V - They really lose it here.  Mental Jewelry sounds polished, whereas this sounds like a first album.  Reminds me of Nirvana's Bleech.  They show some brillance here and there, but mostly it just sound rude and loud.  Especially the horrible "Intro" that I always skip. Fav songs- Transmit Your Love, Overcome And finally Bird of Pray Still a collection of good songs with no theme, but much better songs than V.  Some say their best effort since Throwing Copper.  I would say since Secret Samadhi. Fav songs - Heaven, The Sanctity of Dreams, Run Away, Life Marches On, Sweet Release, Everyting I See Your Face, Out To Dry, What Are We Fighting For? Heaven and Sweet Release especially stand out. Great album by a great band.  Long may they continue to put out good music!     