 Well, I was looking around Wal-Mart for a new CD player, that had radio and MP3. They had a few Durabrands, but I was scared to buy one because of their lack of durability and quality in the past. They had a few Maganvoxs (spelling check?), but the look wasn't too appealing. They had some Sonys, but they were kinda pricey, even though the money was worth it. So, on to Target (which had a bigger selection anyway).   They had GPX, but similar to Durabrand. They had the Virgin Pulse and I've read poor reviews about it in the past.   Okay, you're sick of me talking about the selection...alright alright alright already.   Anyway, I found this. It had exactly what I was looking for, and the blue color catches attention. The price kinda turned me off, but I really did want it.   I'm glad I still bought this. The sound quality is excellent, and features not one, not two, but three bass setting. One is no bass excelerator, SXBS, and SXBS+. The headphones are a bit akward to use, but once you put them on, they sound great, and they become quite comfortable.   It took me about 15 minutes to figure it out, but the manual was very clear, and then I got used to it, though the beginners may want to stay away if they can't read the manual.   The durability is quite good, though people often bash it (what do you expect dropping it with the lid open?). It feels lightweight, which makes it feel flimsy, but it really isn't at all and the lightweight features is just another good thing about the player.   The battery life lasts much longer than my old player (RP2472). 72 hours will last you awhile!   Though, there's no remote, and the MP3 option is a pain, which do make minor negatives, that should not force you to not buy this CD player!    P.S. This player is not meant to play WMA. It says so on the bottom of the box. It says "This unit cannot play files if they have a suffix other than mp3 or MP3." Meaning, it only plays mp3 format songs.  P.P.S. The star ratings has changed to 3. The screen had recently shattered and has made the player unusable. Is it goth or something? I will be turning this back to Target because I have the packaging and recipit and bought it 2 months ago. So much for this player. I'll think abot trying it again.     