 Backstreet Boys - Larger Than Life: A- This is a pretty good song, though, I hate BSB...because they are a pop boy band.  Britney Spears - (You Drive Me) Crazy: A This is a good song, but, gets annoying after awhile.  Marc Anthony - I Need To Know: F This is a really bad song. I thought all Latin explosions were a bad idea (Marc Anthony, Ricky Martin, Enrique, etc.)  Mandy Moore - Candy: A One of my fav Mandy songs. Very nice!  Eiffel 65 - Blue: A+ One of the best on the album. The music vid was cool and it's a great pop-dance song.  Sonique - It Feels So Good: C- There were too many genres throwed into this song (pop, dance, techno, reggage, rap) that it was a bad disaster.  Lenny Kravitz - I Belong To You: C My least fav Lenny song. It's pretty boring, but, It's Lenny so I guess it's good.  Savage Garden - I Knew I Loved You: B+ This is a good romantic song that I wouldn't mind hearing again. Though, it's not the best on Now 4, it's good.  Joe - I Wanna Know: C Boring, generic, R&B. Nothing special.  Aaliyah - Try Again: A This was one of my favorite Aaliyah songs. Too bad she can't make another. I'll buy her greatest hits album or whenever it comes out. Is it out? Will their be one out?  Jennifer Lopez - Waiting For Tonite: B+ Though I don't like Jennifer Lopez much, I like this song. Pretty good music from J Lo.  Montell Jordan - Get It On Tonite: D This song is like track 9 (Joe - I Wanna Know), but even worse.  Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals - Steal My Kisses: B- This is pretty generic, but it's better than the other generic stuff on here.  Smash Mouth - Then The Morning Comes: B+ This wasn't the best Smash Mouth song, but it's still a good listen.  Train - Meet Virginia: A I have always liked Train, and this song is not exception. Very good Train!  Macy Gray - I Try: B Sometimes I'm in the mood for the song, and sometimes I'm not. When I am, it's a really good raspy R&B song.  Hanson - This Time Around: D Boring, stupid Hanson. You'll know it sucks.  blink-182 - All The Small Things: A+ No better way to end the album. Very great, and I'm looking forward to blink 182's new album in 2005.  Various Artists - Now 4 Overall Grade: A- This was a good installment for Now, though, not the best. I did raised the grade because I LOVE the artwork.     