 Ok, this is probably one of the very few times I've re-written a review. I am doing this to make it more helpful. It seems most people are confused of whether to buy these headphones or not, because people have said they are the best thing since sliced bread or that they sound like they came from the dollar store. Here's something we should all know.  These headphones have a VERY large amount of treble. Usually you hear people rambling that bass covers up the treble, but this time, the treble covers up the bass. Now, this is hard for some people, as most players only come with a bass equalizer. What I recommend doing is buying a $20 Koss equalizer. Yes, it does bring in some minor fuzz, but it's barely noticeable when your listening to most styles of music. For classical, opera, etc., chances are you will enjoy the large amount of treble, therefore you will not need the fuzzy EQ.  Now for people walking around with MP3 players or using them for computers, these are probably the best headphones around. All you have to do is lower the treble on your custom EQ or select a "treble cut" preset.  After doing all of this, what do you get in return? Some of the best sounding earbuds before Shures. Yep, 6Hz, if you don't know what that means, it means DEEP bass. Hip-hop lover's galore. Rock lovers may not like the deep bass, but pretty much ll players have a bass EQ.  As for everything else, durability of the cord is fine (a serious problem with the Sony version MDREX51LP). They are much more comfortable to wear since the earbud goes right into your ear instead of the outside drilling through your ear. The Z style cord is a plus for me (though for some this may be a negative). They come in white and silver/black. They have a very strong volume output. As for the price, $30 isn't bad at all, even with the EQ, $50 is not bad either (actually $50 seems just about right). Yes, buying a seperate $20 product IS annoying, and I hope Panasonic is reading this and thinking about fixing the treble on these, but after you do that, I guarantee you'll get what the frequency is. I hope this helped on getting these wonderful headphones to sound better.     