 After watching Legally Blonde over a million times on DVD, it was finally time that the sequel, "Red, White, and Blonde", was released. Popping it in to my computer, I was very dissappointed.  Firstly, which I'm suprised hasn't been a complaint at all, is the quality of the DVD. A lot of times there are black spots, that are very irritating, and moving objects seem very dull. I watched another DVD from another company, and the quality of that was excellent. I could have got a bad apple, but with watching this on a flat screen, this is very distrubing.  Okay, so here is the plot. Elle (Resse Witherspoon) is ready to get married to Emmitt (Luke Wilson). She has made reservations to get married right under the green monster! As she is trying to bundle up guests to come, she notices that she didn't give Bruiser's (Moondoggie) mom an invatation. She hires a detective to search for Bruiser's mom, happening to find out that she lives at the V.E.R.S.A.C.E. clothing facility. Come to find out, it's not a clothing facility at all. It's instead a cosmetic testing facility, and Bruiser's mom is trapped and Elle is not able to release her. So, Elle tries to convince her team of lawyers at work to follow the case. They don't, and they fire her. Now, Elle Woods must go to Congress, and work with her unfriendly co-workers Grace (Regina King), Reena (Mary Lynn Rajskub), and Timothy (J. Barton) to pass Brusier's Bill to make cosmetic testing illegal.  The movie is not as good as the original, as most sequals, and this one isn't a total bomb, but it's not quite on target. There were a lot of sexual/gay jokes in the movie that wee more hateful than funny. Also, the movie is pretty predictable. It's easy to tell what will happen in the next 15 minutes of the movie.  Secondly, the movie doesn't make since. If you've seen the first "Legally Blonde", Elle graduates in 2004. There was a caption that said "Emmitt will proposed to Elle tonight". How can this be possible if they are married in 2003? Also, how can she be a legalized lawyer if she is in school? This is a big glitch in the movie, that is very distrubing.  Overall, the movie is a dry sequel to the wonderful first. If you haven't seen the movie, you'll probably be better of leaving "Red, White, and Bland" for something worth your 1 hour and 30 minutes of your time. Not recommended.  Replay Value: Closet Storage Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     