 Lloyd Banks, the second member to join G-Unit (50 Cent started it, Youngbuck was 3rd-I thought he got banned for going to jail, but I could be wrong, The Game 4th but got banned for fighting with 50 Cent, than 5th Olivia-the first girl in G-Unit), decided to make a solo album. He was the second member in G-Unit to do this, after 50 Cent's "Get Rich Or Die Tryin'". It's not hard to figure out that he is following 50 Cent's footsteps, which is both good and bad.  The better songs on the Cd are suprisingly the ones that aren't gangsta and the R&B songs. This is odd since almost every time you get a rap CD, the rap ones are good. For some reason, not this case. The is probably the case because he has a very smooth voice, perfect for R&B tunes, which makes the duet with Avant, known as "Karma", is such a great song. It would be interesting to see how well he would do an R&B CD, though that's probably never going to happen.  The less gangsta ones are the most shining and outgoing of "The Hunger For More", which are "On Fire", "Til The End", "Warrior", "Warrior Part II", "If You So Gangsta" (why is it not gangsta?), and "Karma", which is probably the best and outgoing track of all because of its uniqueness of all tracks. No, a lot of these songs aren't soft, but they are slower and a bit less gangsta too.  But the gangsta songs which really mess up the album (because they don't fit Lloyd Banks at all and all sound the same) are "I'm So Fly", "When The Chips Are Down", "Die One Day", "Southside Story", "Ain't No Click", "Playboy", "I Got High", and the worst of all, "Work Magic". They releate to some of the low-quality tracks on 50 Cent's latest album "The Massacre", which was the worst album ever released from G-Unit. The beats are the problem. As I don't know who produced EVERY individual song, whoever they are don't know how to make a gangsta beat. They sound WAY too underground and deep so that they aren't gangsta, and just medicore. Though, this isn't throughout the entire CD.  What is one little problem that is through the entire CD, which is the cause of most G-Unit albums, are the lyrics. They aren't second-grade or anything, just nothing to remember.  If you didn't pick up "Hunger For More" yet, you're proably not miissing much. Don't get me wrong here, there are some really cool and great tracks on here, but if you haven't heard it yet, you could live without it. Though, if you own a rap collection or a G-Unit collection, you may want to consider getting it.     