 Rihanna's first CD debut was back in May when she did a debut with Memphis Bleek on his "534" album. After that, she was automatically signed to Jay-Z's Def Jam for her vocal talent. Rihanna's "Music of the Sun" wasn't blowing me away, but there were definitely spotlights that make the album worthwhile.  "Pon De Replay", the first track and one of the biggest summer smashs, is definitely a song DJs would put on replay. Her vocal ability shines on this song. She doesn't have the brightest and deepest vocals but she can surely sing. The beat of this song is very dancy; a nice summer flirt. Another shining song is "Rush". It has a very dancy beat, similar to "Pon De Replay". Her vocals shine thoroughout the song, once again she's not a Mariah Carey, but she can sing very well. "Now I Know" is one of the best songs on "Music of the Sun". It's a balld, but it's very powerful, her vocals shine the most on this song. This song is about finding true love, and the feeling you get. Another song worthwhile is "The Last Time". Her vocals are not rich or powerful but she does hit all of the notes. It's mainly about leaving a boyfriend that was mistreating you...more of a feel-good thing. It has a very nice beat that is very mellow. She sounds a lot like Kelly Rowland in "The Last Time", as well as "Willing To Wait", another song very similar to "The Last Time".  "Music of the Sun" also captures some Bob Marley styled reggae. This is where Rihanna falls a bit short in her talent. She doesn't use her vocals in most of her reggae songs, especially in "That La, La, La". The beat of the song is also isn't too hot, and Rihanna's vocals make me think it should go in the fridge. She sings in this song, but her vocals don't have a true richness like in her other songs. Also in "Here I Go Again"...there's an okay reggae beat, but her vocals don't have any power whatsoever. Now, don't get me wrong her, not ALL of Rihanna's reggae is bad. Actually I find "You Don't Love Me" to be one of the CDs most shining songs. The beat sounds something Bob Marley would go after. Her vocals are good, and she shows vibe in this song...actually in a lot of songs. The reggae mix of "Pon De Replay" with Elephant Man isn't bad either.  Rihanna's new album "Music of the Sun" isn't the best R&B album of the year, but it definitely has many spotlights in her reggae, R&B, and dance tracks that make "Music of the Sun" worth the buy. 3 stars.  Replay Value: Medium Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Low     