 Liz Phair, those two words, or names, meant girl powered alternative rock with the greatest lyrics. Well, unfortunately, not this time. It seems ever since her self-titled CD, she's been turning into a Sheryl Crow that can't write. While "Somebody's Miracle" is not bad, it's not a miracle nor is it in the league of her earlier CDs.  What still saves is the great tunes. Yes, there are fillers on this CD, but there are good ones too. "Got My Own Thing" is a nice song, she tends to sound much like Sheryl Crow. "Count On My Thing" is a nice "I'll be there for you." song, but if I didn't know what CD I was listening to I could've sworn I heard Ashlee Simpson in there (yeah, I know...:X). "Everything to Me" (which I heard and eventually iTunes I was) is a not-so-happy ending to a relationship, or maybe not. The beat is great, although, again, it has a country feel that some rock or pop fans may gag halfway through it. "Lost Tonight" is definitely another pick, with a nice guitar tune (yeah...did I ever tell you how great Liz was yet?) and tune, along with "Giving It All To You". There are, however, loads of fillers that destroy the CD. From cheesy beats ("Stars and Planets"), to prove Liz can't do ballads ("Closer to You", "Table For One"), or my personal favorite, AAA rock songs that go nowhere but off my playlist ("Leap of Innocence", "Wind And The Mountain").  Lyrics, commerical junk. "I love you, I love you, and guess what, I LOVE YOU!!!!!!". Okay, not that bad, but you get the idea. I was completely frozen when I heard "Make my coffee...drink my coffee." in "Table For One". 50 Cent can do better than that (did I ever mention how weak 50 Cent was?). "Everything to Me" is a nice song, but "Are you ever gonna be that real to me? Lucky I've been through hell." I was like, WTF? Or in "Somebody's Miracle" when she explains her love as a fairy tale, uh...no.  Liz Phair has finally turned commerical permanently. Will it change? Only time will tell. Liz Phair's song may be good but opening the lyrics book to this CD will make you cringe. 3 stars.  Replay Value: Low Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: Medium Adult Appeal: Medium     