 Well, I recently picked up this Green Day CD, because it's been hyped for almost a year now, and I loved the songs "Jesus Of Suburbia" and "American Idiot", mainly for it's fun guitar riffs. Hate to say it, besides "Give Me Novacaine" (similar to "American Idiot") and "Wake Me Up When Septmember Ends" (a rock ballad that is very soothing), there's nothing much to worthy or exciting on "American Idiot", that is unless you want to listen to th overly political "Holiday", with lyrics calling George W. Bush "president Gasman" and saying that they'll kill all the fa*s that don't agree to their Anti-Bush message. First off, yes, I highly enjoyed "Dookie", their album before this one. It was full of very catchy and fairly melodic rock tunes; and who can forget the hilarious interlude "All By Myself"? As for the music on "American Idiot", the tunes are fairly catchy, but they're lifeless and bland. All of the songs are similar and have identical guitar riffs. Most of the songs on "American Idiot" are very generic. Also, there is NOT ONE funny song at all on "American Idiot", unless you're an extreme die-hard John Kerry fan with OCD (I'm not saying that all are, I'm just saying the ones who are). "Blvd. Of Broken Dreams" in my opinion is terrifyingly most overrated song of 2004. It's not that's is overly bad, it's just overrated; hell, it's even more overrated than Avril Lavigne's "My Happy Ending". As for "Blvd. Of Broken Dreams", it's a ballad that is totally lifeless, and believe it or not, the first listen on the radio, I thought it was a remake. And 60% of the songs are interludes, which I don't mind, but some of those could have combined into a song. As for an overall statement of "American Idiot", if you want a meaningless pop-punk album that is generic (something you'll find in 75% of pop-punk albums today), well, then buy it. However, if you want a CD with good lyrics and great melodies that make a melodic and great CD, don't buy!  Replay Value: Low Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: High     