 I first heard Anna Nalick on the radio with "Breathe". I hadn't seen her in concert like some reviews had, but I think this album satisfies enough.  "Wreck of the Day" was not high on my priority list. Mainly because I thought she was too "soft" for my liking. Boy was I told.  "Breathe" and "Catalyst" are the worst songs of the CD, and they;'re pretty good songs. But, if your deciding to buy this from those songs, think again.  Songs like "Citadel", "Paper Bag", "Satellite" and "In The Rough" take a very much different approach. They don't even sound like they're in the same genre. They sound like Michelle Branch, Alanis Morisette, Lucy Woodward, and Liz Phair rather than Sarah McLachlan or Norah Jones. A majority of "Wreck of the Day" is in a Pop-Rock category rather than Soft Rock. Though, most Soft Rock fans won't be dissappointed, since "Breathe" and "Catalyst" are on the CD. Also, who couldn't get into these very catchy songs.  "Citadel", "Satellite", and "Bleed" are tied for the best song. I couldn't choose. Come to think of it, I had a hard time choosing the best songs from the CD. These songs are in the pop-rock genre. The melodys are fantasic, and Anna Nalick can actually sing, unlike Britney Spears, Hilary Duff, etc.  Anna Nalick's voice in "Paper Bag" truly reminded me of some songs Michelle Branch had on "Hotel Paper", maybe better because Anna's voice is a bit more mature and has a little more range than Michelle. It has also a very catchy melody.  "Wreck of the Day" is about giving up on love and just waiting for someone that is true, as she sings "Driving away from the wreck of the day. And I'm thinking 'bout calling on Jesus. 'Cuz love doesnt hurt so I know I'm not falling in love. I'm just falling to pieces. And if this is giving up then I'm giving up. If this is giving up then I'm giving up, giving up on love, on love". The song has one of the deepest meaning of the CD. It has a nice, soothing melody, and a good voice, and it is a nice slow-down song.  "Bleed" is one of my favorite tracks, possibly because it's unique, has a great melody, has great vocals, and is a bit different from other songs, as it is more rock. It's quite odd that is has almost the exact opposite meaning of "Wreck of the Day". Still, an awesome song.  "Consider This" is probably the most rock song of the CD. It doesn't have the best voice, since rock is a bit harder than adult contemparary or pop-rock, but somehow it works well. The melody is great, as there are no fillers of the entire CD, and it does make a great ending.  "Wreck of the Day" is the best if not one of the best CDs released this year. It combines soft rock, adult contemparary, and pop-rock into one, making many enjoy it. If you like any of those genres, this CD is highly recommended. You will not be sorry!  Replay Value: High Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: Medium Adult Appeal: High     