 Okay, what made me write this review was the large amount of unhelpful and fake reviews. I've found more real reviews in J-Kwon's "Hood Hop". I mean, there's 420 one star reviews and 837 five star reviews. And there's 57 two, 72 three, and 152 four stars. Like many people have said, one star is 90-100% flawed, and 5 stars is almost or is flawless. Also, many of the one star reviews are about Ashlee, not the CD. If you want to rate the artist, there's chat rooms to do so.  Firstly, this isn't really a bad album. There are many great tracks on here. Sure, she only co-wrote two tracks (Kara DioGuardi and John Shanks did most of the writing), but besides that, she has a great tuned voice. "Autobiography", the first track, is mainly a pop/rock track about her, and that she really doesn't care what people think about her. And luckily, we hope that means she's not taking herself too serious. "Autobiography" is basically a long intro into her album, which then leads into the #1 smash "Pieces of Me", a song about her boyfriend Ryan Cabrera. The lyrics (written and produced by John Shanks) are very decent, mainly about Ashlee finding someone real and can find someone that has a strong connection with her. The tune is very nice, kind of like a faster version of Avril Lavigne's "Don't Tell Me", without the gross and crude lyrics.  The album includes a few songs about Ryan, like the song "Better Off". The tune is crazy good, and that "When I'm standing in the pouring rain, I don't mind. I think of you and everythings alright" (once again, Ashlee didn't write this song).  Though, the album is not flawless. Take "Unreachable" for example. Not too bad, but it's pretty boring as far as insturments go. You could have a guitar to add some flavor or spice in it, instead of making it bland. And whatever happened to the strings on "Shadow"? On her first season (word for word) she said "I think strings will add a life to the song.". And, now it's lifeless. The lyrics are actually about her finding her own identity away from her platinum-selling sister, Jessica Simpson. How exicting and interesting *sarcasm*.   And, imo, people should really get over SNL. Akon lip-synched because he had acid reflex (he said so on the Carson Daily Countdown), and his album is rated 4.5 on Amazon. Besides, her lip-synching has nothing to do with the album.  Overall, Ashlee Simpson's debut "Autobiography" is an album definitely considering if you're a pop/rock fan and like Avril Lavigne, FeFe Dobson, etc.  Replay Value: Medium Child Appeal: Medium Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Low     