 Ok, with this review, I now I'm dissappointing a lot of fans. And, I guess you could say I'm not dissappointing myself, but I'm dissappointed with "The Emancipation of Mimi". Don't get me wrong here. "Charmbraclet", "Glitter", and her overlook of her 90s hits, "#1s" were awesome. So, it's just this album that has problems to say the least.   First, did we all listen to the same CD? I got a lot of average/below average vocals and boring, tasteless beats.  Easy to say, "It's Like That" was a filler, though she, for some reason, released it for her first single.   This album features some pretty bad and boring beats. "Mine Again", "One And Only", "Circles", and "Fly Like A Bird" honestly almost put me to sleep, while other beats in "Shake It Off" and "Your Girl" where just medicore. A lot of this album feels very cheesy. "Stay The Night" would be a good example. Some of the beats are cheesy, 70s beats, so good beats is obviously not a high priority on this album. So just one question for all the producers of this album. Where are all of Mariah's fun, enjoyable, and creative beats?   And you don't even have to tell me to know that either Mariah's record company wanted her to "sell-out" or she just doesn't have the talent anymore to have a nice voice. Mariah Carey's voice, probably the best voice in the music industry today, was not a high priority of this album either. Songs like "Mine Again", "Your Girl", "Say Somethin'", and "Fly Like A Bird" truly show this, and to me, it is quite sad. I don't know why, because when I popped in "Charmbraclet" 3 years ago in my CD player, I was amazed in her talent voice. Not this time. Ahh well, what can you do?   "The Emancipation of Mimi" does still offer a few good tracks. "We Belong Together" "Get Your Number", "To The Floor", and "Joy Ride" to name a few. And don't forget the wondeful ballad "I Wish You Knew", which sadly is the only ballad of the CD that shows Mariah's true vocal talent.   I just don't know what to say. I really do like Mariah Carey's music a lot, but this to me just seems like a pitiful excuse to make money. A lot of the songs are tasteless R&B, or awful experimental pop/rap. Maybe there's a next???.....  Replay Value: Low Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     