 The iPod has so far been one of the most advertised and populated MP3 players so far. I'm still figuring out why. There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games. My friend has this unit while not experience it much, I look at other reviews on this site and tried out the unit at Best Buy, and it's definitely the most overrated gadget in history.  SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good. The Creative player sounds a bit better, but not anything to worry about. It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. The bass is deep and the treble is clear.  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months. This is really stupid to me. 18 months for a battery isn't good, actually, it's medicore. iRiver's battery lasts four to five years. Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE. However, the Creative and iRiver players are (Rio's isn't), and they only cost around $30 to replace, while iPod charges shipping and technical support. The iPod's battery, 1.5 years. Yeah, pretty weak. Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily. While all MP3 players are easy to scratch, the iPod is the worst of the Creative and iRiver. Also, not liking the gel case. iRiver's seems a lot more sturdier than the iPod's.  FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't. There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more. There is an alarm and timer, but most MP3 players have this feature.  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one. The Click Wheel is a great design, something no one else came up with (however, the iRiver has a touchpad). I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. I just don't like it, the weird thing is, I don't know why I dislike it. Maybe because it doesn't have a lot of skins to choose from like WMP, but then again, I dislike WMP as well because it's slow on my computer. Anyhow, adding music to the player is easy.  BATTERY LIFE: Pretty medicore at 12 hours, the Creative, iAudio, Rio, and iRiver players last longer.  CUSTOMER SERVICE: Awful. Listen to this one, remember the battery statement I made earlier. If your battery dies and it's still under warranty, guess what, you're out of luck, because Apple doesn't cover the battery in the iPod warranty. They have the nerve to charge you $30 for a warrantied iPod. There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it. At least Creative and iRiver's only charge toll fees like most companies.  OVERALL: I highly dislike the iPod, even though the sound quality and design is above-average. Maybe in their 5th generation they'll add features to the iPod. But for now, pleases don't buy this, and buy a Creative Zen or the iRiver H10-20GB instead.     