 Okay, headphones are a pain in the a$$! Trust me, you need to go through thousands to find the right ones. Let's get on with the review!  Sound Quality (4/5) - The sound quality on these is far by good. The bass is very deep, not too deep, but having bass too deep IS a problem (can't hear anything but BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!). If you wanna hear deep bass, put pressure on these. Feel discomfort from the clip and have a headache for the amount of bass. Congrats! You've become an idiot! Anyway, the volume on these is quite loud, but not quite as loud as Sony's h.ear, but the treble is better. Who says you can have it all (if you've ever heard anyone tell you that you can have it all, please hit their head with a shovel)?  Comfort (5/5) - Now, if you read the packaging (which contains someone who looks a lot like Jennifer Lopez, btw), it states things about comfort. Well, those are in fact all true. These headphones are VERY comfortable, and at times I can't notice they're on. Definite 5 stars in comfort.  Design (3/5) - Ok, design is good and awful. Let me break it down:  Good:  - The cord is long. Why good: This would be good for people using these for computering, studio monitoring, video/music editing, things that NEED a long cord.  - The cord is made with strong plastic. Why good: This would be good for bike or ATV riding. Cords get damaged from being hit with a helmet, or just in the air. This is perfect for that, and other similar rough activities.  - The plug is gold plated. Why good: This would be good for most audiophiles and people (freaks) who detail every little thing in every song. Gold plated plugs also seem to be louder than silver plugs.  - The hook is a spring hook. Why good: For people with elf ears (pointy ears), this will make it easier to fit on.  Bad:  - The hook is a spring hook. Why bad: This is the biggest negative of this headphone. The spring hook, makes the speaker go away from the ear, taking out bass and volume that all those audiophiles (and freaks) just love. Why else is this bad: This also make it leak sound. This is a pain for people listening to loud music, which make a little distraction for people sitting next to you (like a bus, or classroom, or a public place).  Features (5/5) - Yay! A positive! The features on the w.ear are pretty great. Firstly, the interchangeable covers is a nice touch, and there are blue and silver to choose from. The silver sure looks nice next to my SLCT582V, and the blue would look nice on more colored objects (such as a bright colored CD player, Sony's new PSYC players to be specific). As I said, the spring clip is a big positive and a big negative. So yeah, there may be only two features, but these are headphones, you're not getting a thousand features on them.  Portability (5/5) - Ok, pictures mean nothing. Yeah, their "clip design". That's what I like to call advertising. Not all clip designs are slim, but that is what Sony and the picture are making you think. Even though these DO happen to be very slim, fair warning. Anyway, these are very slim. Slimmer than my slim design CD player. So, these are very portable.  Price (4/5) - The price for these are surely not a bargain, but they aren't overpriced. The price is set about just right. Most headphones with these features would be also around the $20 mark.  Who they might be for: These headphones would be for people who aren't TOO picky about audio quality, but still want decent sound from them. People who might be using them for long periods of time, or have small-normal sized ears. Maybe for people using computers, or for studio monitoring of some such (but you will need to buy an adapter). People may want to consider these for durability, for maybe people doing sports, bike/ATV riding, or other rough activities. These may be good for people who are using these in not-so-public places, but still travel a lot, or even for home usage. These would be good for people who like interchangeable covers and style.  In my opinion, these overall deserve 4 stars. They aren't exactly perfect, but they're damn there close.     