 Ok, Totally Hits make a great CD, but what is with the remixes? They all suck. Totally Hits should just put originals like Now does. Also, the songs choice could have been better, but overall, if you like most of the songs you should get it.  1.Blu Cantrell - Hit 'Em Up Style. A One of my favs of the CD, though it got very overplayed.  2.112 - Peaches & Cream. D+ Very annoying. And, what does peaches have do to with sex?  3.Missy Elliot - Get Ur Freak On. B- Not a fav from Missy, but one of my favs of the album. Sometimes annoying, though, it's ok.  4.Alicia Keys - Fallin'(Remix). F Why is the remix on here?! It sucks! The original was great, but now the song is ruined.  5.P.Diddy, Mark Curry, Black Rob - Bad Boy For Life. C+ Couldn't they come up with a better title and meaning? So, you're a bad boy for life, tell me something I don't know. Well, I guess it has a good beat.  6.Dream - This Is Me(Remix). F This was the time that Dream sucked when singing to Nickeloden and other crappy people. Now, their great and no one even notices them anymore. Crazy by Dream is one of the best songs of 2003.  7.Usher - U Remind Me. D *cough* overrated Usher *cough*  8.O-Town - All Or Nothing. B+ As much as I would love to hate boy bands, this song is pretty good.  9.Eve 6 - Here's to the Night. A+ Very good song, but it was overplayed a bit.  10.Uncle Kracker - Follow Me. B I can understand why some people love Uncle Kracker or loathe him. Well, I just think he's average. For that, a B.  11.LFO - Every Other Time. F LFO is the worst!  12.Sugar Ray - When It's Over. A- Very great song, and fairly good meaning. One of my favs of TH 2001.  13.Willa Ford - I Wanna Be Bad. F No! No! No! I don't care for this song!  14.Toya - I Do!! B- Annoying vocals, but great lyrics.  15.Outkast - So Fresh, So Clean. A+ Another fav from the CD and Outkast.  16.Ludacris - What's Your Fantasy?? D+ It's very annoying, and I don't like Ludacris much.  17.Craig David - Fill Me In. B- It's ok, but not the best.  18.Dido - Thank You. C+ Some of the best lyrics ever written, but drill in the ear vocals.   Overall Grade - C+ Ok, if Totally Hits was a bit better, they would have made it to the 4 star line, but there a bit behind at a C+ for poor song choices, so, 3 stars.     