 After purchasing a Sony Walkman (DEJ001), I hated the headphones that came with the walkman. They were not comfortable and had poor sound quality (inferior bass). So after deciding between the h.ear and these, I went with Panasonic for the fuller frequency range and the gray color.   Clip-On Earbuds   Clip-on earbuds are very similar to the standard earbuds, with a hook that goes all the way around your ear. If you haven't tried clip-on earbuds or behind-the-neck headphones, you'll probably have to take some time getting them to fit correctly. If you are used to them, chances are you know how to fit them and it won't be a problem.   Sound Quality   Country - Pretty good sound, not a lot of bass was needed for the test, though. I got a lot of treble power and clarity, something I didn't expect. Overall most of it sounded good.   Dance/Techno - I put in a lot of stuff and I got so-so results. A lot of the beats had low bass and some of it was lost, but most of the vocals were good. Not the best for this genre.   Latin - I got good results as long as there weren't a whole lot of beats.   Metal/Rock - I put a lot of hard stuff in here and I was pretty suprised it handled all of it. The bass wasn't too exciting but most of the hard rock was above average.   Pop - Most of it sounded above average but a lot of bass was lost from the headphones (as usual).   Rap - I really tested this genre because rap needs a lot of range, thinking that it would "bring out" the headphones but my expectations were not met. The bass was a little stronger but not a whole lot.   R&B - It sounded pretty good but when the bass was playing it wasn't too big.   I made the final conclusion on the sound. It has amazing treble but very poor bass. For the price ($6) it was good but if you compare them to the h.ear or the other earbuds around the $10-$15 these just don't hold up. If your listening to classical, opera, vocal pop, or soft rock, these will do but for anything else with big bass these will not, and I mean NOT cut it.   Design   They are a little similar to the h.ear headphones but a little different. They stick out a lot more than the h.ear probably because the clip isn't connected to the earbud. Another thing is that the clip twists to fit your ear (this is something you'll probably have to see). The cord is gray and seems very durable.   Comfort   Overall the comfort is pretty good as long as your ears aren't too big or too small. They are pretty averagely sized and fit me pretty well. Another thing (like I said before), if you haven't tried similar earbuds with the clip (like the MDRJ10 or the KSC22), you'll probably have to take some time getting used to the fit and learning how to put them on. So if they don't fit right, don't immediately send them back to the store because within time they might feel a whole lot better.   Price   I paid $6 for these at Wal-Mart. Overall the price is set about right. They weren't the most expensive (duh) nor were they the cheapest; they were somewhere in the middle. You could get, with a little more money, the better sounding h.ear.   Overall   They fit and feel right and they are inexpensive. The sound is a little inferior but you have to consider the fact that they are only $6. If they were over the $10 I would say there sound is way too bad for this price but for $6 is pretty good. Overall, if your looking for very inexpensive that will do, these are okay. If your looking for good sound, pass on by.     