 Lisa Marie Presley's 2003 debut "To Whom It May Concern" was an album about her past experiences. Now, Lisa Marie has plenty to talk about, not just her family, but with Michael Jackson too.  A few things I would like to explain reviewing. The CD has an explicit sticker, which I'm glad about because some young childern are a bit too young to listen to these lyrics. Another thing that I noticed, which was quite a bit of dissappointment, is that a lot of the songs were written by Linda Perry. Though, on "To Whom It May Concern", I think she already showed the amount of success she has at songwriting and preforming.  "Now What" starts right off with a softer tune, but still rock. "I'll Figure It Out" is about figuring out why you don't want to be like someone else, as the lyrics go, "It took me all my life, To finally figure out, That I'm not in the mood To be anything like you. Maybe it's alright, And maybe not I'll conduct my choir, I'll figure it out." The melody is just perfect, and her raspy and sassy vocals flow through it very well. The song "Turbelence" is a little poppy than the usual music Lisa Marie Presley puts out. Though the melody flows well, the vocals could have used some work. "Thanx", to me, is similar from the 2003 single "Lights Out". "Thanx" is about having someone to always count and be there for you. The vocals are pretty good, though the melody doesn't flow as good as the last two songs. Very strong meaning.  The next song on the CD is unique. It's called "Shine". It also features the Grammy Nominated, P!nk. The song is soft, and the melody is the best yet. Good vocals throught the song, and Lisa Marie Presley and P!nk rock as ever. I haven't quite fully understood what this song means yet, though I'm currently studying the lyrics.  The next song is a remake of Don Henley's "Dirty Laundry". It the first single off "Now What". The vocals on this song aren't exceptional, but good. The tune and lyrics are rockin' "Kick em' when their up! Kick em' when their down!", though, this is a remake, so Lisa Marie didn't write these.  The next song on this CD is my ultimate favorite, "When You Go". The song has a very rock-ish tune, and it fits perfectly with Lisa Marie's raspy voice. The next song is "Idiot", which is rumored to be the second single, though "Dirty Laundry" has only just started on the airwaves. The song seems like the "fun" song of the CD. The one that is very rocky, and is just here to have fun. Well, I liked this song. The melody is great. The vocals are good, but not the best.  "High Enough", to me, is the worst song on the CD. It's too slow for my liking, and the melody is lacking. And Lisa Marie's vocals are definently not suited for ballads. "Turn To Black" is very similar to "High enough", though the melody is a bit better. Though, these two songs are the worst of "Now What".  "Raven" is a very unique song in it's way. It has just an okay melody, and it's another ballad. It also has one of the deepest meaning of the album, and the album has a lot.  "Now What" is my second favorite of the CD. It is acoustic, as she doesn't use many instruments in this song. And to me, it has the best melody of the entire album.  Overall, Lisa Marie Presley may not have the best voice, but her melody, songwriting, and talent over-shadow that. And as far as I'm concerned, this is one of the better CDs released this year (Now that I think about it, is this the only good CD in stores???). Nice effort from Lisa Marie Presley. Just strengthen those vocals girl, and get back in the studio for more great music!!!     