 Well, I'd have to say, a mixture of both. Gwen Stefani was a part of No Doubt. Really, now with all of that popularity, she could release any album and people would buy it...right? Right! That's really the only reason I bought it, and the hook "What You Waiting For?", which has absolutely no relation to the CD whatsoever. So, I was bit dissapointed about this CD, but it's not totally crap. Yes, this album is ugh...with a few gems.  1. What You Waiting For (5/5) The first single off of this album. Very good and full of energy. One of the best on the album too.  2. Rich Girl (4/5) The next single of the album. It's pretty good, though, it could have been better, especially the lyrics. I thought Gwen was a rich girl.  3. Hollaback Girl (2/5) One of my least favs of the album. Very radio unfriendly, though, I guess What You Waiting For wasn't too friendly either, though half of the song has the word $hit in it. It's missing Gwen's flavor as well. It feels unfinished.  4. Cool (3/5) It's ok. Sounds much more like No Doubt with extra Nintendo sounds. If they would cut it out with the Nintendo stuff, it would have been much better.  5. Bubble Pop Electric (3/5) I used to like this song, before I read the lyrics. This song is about having $ex in a back of a car, but don't read the lyrics and you'll love it.  6. Luxourious (1/5) This song is boring. Not only is there something missing, but it's boring. One of the worst on the album.  7. Harajuku Girls (3/5) This song is ok, but once again, were back to the Nintendo crap. Why Gwen? Hopefully her next solo effort doesn't have that much video game noise.  8. Crash (3/5) read above ^^^  9. The Real Thing (4/5) Still has some Nintendo crap, but it's not too bad. It's pretty good, and it's sounds more like Gwen.  10. Serious (4/5) This song would have been a 5 if for vocals. Gwen sounds not too good and that lowers to a 4.  11. Danger Zone (5/5) Rumored to be her 3rd single. It's an awesome song! It shows her rock side of the album, which is a break from Nintendo (I didn't say it was Nintendo-free though). Very good Gwen! Hopefully her next album will be more like this.  12. Long Way To Go (4/5) I liked Outkast's Andre 3000 performance in the song, but he just doesn't sound good with Gwen. Though, I guess it's pretty good.  Overall (3/5) If Gwen would quit it with the Atari arcade and Nintendo, this would have been a much better debut. If you like pop-techno music, you should get this, but if you are more into pop or rock, I'd get No Doubt. This CD, however, does have a few good tunes and does deserve a few spins, but it clearly doesn't deserve the Hall of Fame or anything special.     