 Once again, I look out for a new set of headphones under $20. I got interested in the HS500 from reading other reviews, and many have stated the HS520 is the same but has a different look. So when I saw a pair of these at Target, I rushed to go buy them.   Behind-The-Neck   Behind-The-Neck headphones are the most portable lightweight type of headphones you can buy (unless you get a folding version, I would avoid them as they are never durable for me). The only difference from the lightweight models is that the headband goes behind your neck...get it?...behind-the-neck headphones. Another difference is that a hook is on both of the headphone speakers, similar to the clip design only they seem to be held a lot closer to your ear. I've heard most people complain about lightweight styles because the sound isn't in your ear and on the outside, but the sound quality on Philips's HS520 will have you thinking different.   Sound Quality   Well...before I bought these I was honestly not expecting anything amazing...comparable to $50 headphones like the MDREX51LP...yeah in your dreams. But I bought them just to see if it was all hype or if these were really a dirty little secret. Well I will say they are comparable to most of the headphones in the $20-$30 range. The MDREX51LP do have more bass but these come very...and I mean very close. As far as treble, they are very clear to me. Not Shure clear...but 24,000 Hz is a lot of treble power, especially for $15 headphones.   Music Tests   Country - All of it sounded very good. I will admit there was a lot of bass than normal, not sure if this is a positive or negative to others so I will say it's ok. Otherwise, I'd say country sounds good.   Dance - I will say dance sound very good maybe even superior on the HS520. None of the production was lost, very deep bass, and the treble was pretty good. But ofr the real test, I cranked it up almostall the way...results, very good but there was a little distortation when I put it on bass boost, but treble was very good.   Hip-Hop/Rap - Well I will say rap and hip-hop both sounded very good. Nothing was lost, the bass was good, and the treble was decent. Just about anything in those two genres sounded good.   Latin - Very great sounds from Shakira and other latin artists. The bass was very good and the treble was fantasic on this music.   Pop - All of it sounded good, especially Christina Aguilera. The bass was good and the treble was very good.   Pop-Punk - I tested some Three Days Grace and came up with above-average results. I didn't hear anything lost, the bass guitar (specifically) sounded fantasic, and nothing was faint or overpowered.   Rock - All of anything I owned from A to Z sounded very good, nothing I found was "bad" and I don't even think anything wasn't good. But for the real test I put in some really hard stuff like System of a Down and Cradle of Filth...all of it sounded fantasic but at higher volumes I had to turn off the bass boost.   R&B - It sounded very ogod maybe even the best on these headphones. The vocals were sharp and detailed and the production was good...nothing at all lost.   More About The Design   Well, here's more about the design of the headphones, kind of a part two of the behind the neck section. The headband is made of plastic and this random cloth on the top of the headband, Philips says this is so it is ableto be seen in the dark night...I beg to differ, I wasn't able to, they would have to put in lights to do that. The cord is one-sided, and on the top of the left headphone there is a bungee cord of some type; when I pulled the cord it kept it from pulling the portion of the cord near thr speake. I think it will come in handy for tohse looking for durability. The cord is made out of yarn, it feels similar to hard shoe strings. This took me a while to get used to since I'm used to plastic cords. Again, this will become durable in the long run. The headphones are comfortable to wear for hours. The foam pads go into the speaker, which means it is impossible to pull them off, which is good so you won't lose them and they will last longer than those on the outside that get torn from usual wear-and-tear.   Price   I paid $15 for these at Target. I'm guessing these are also avaliable for $10 since Target is very expensive. I would say the headphones are underpriced, however. I think they would be in comparison with $20 ranged headphones.   Warranty   As far as I know, Philips has a one-year warranty for all of their headphones, covering defects in workmanship. If you think they are defective, send them to Philips within the one-year warranty, include the product nad the reciept and send it to Philips. Philips has a very good customer service, but I would send it to the store first so you don't have to pay shipping. Otherwise, your pretty safe with Philips, I rank them #2 in electronics customer service (Panasonic being #1...I had two dead Panasonic products and one was replaced immediately and the other I haven't sent out yet.)   The Bottom Line   After using Sony's MDRG42LP, Coby's CV230, and Panasonic's RPHG17, I don't think I would ever find a behind-the-neck product that was excellent, until now, that is. Philips's HS520 headphones should keep anyone with a low-budget or anyone craving good sound happy with great sounding, durable, comfortable, and affortable Philips behind-the-neck headphones. Definitely give them a try.     