 When I heard Kanye West's song "Diamonds" on the radio, I knew (or thought) Kanye West was back in action. I never have bought his "The College Dropout" CD, I always loved "All Falls Down", "Through The Wire", and "Jesus Walks", and loved the samples on amazon.com, but I never did buy his debut. At the VMAs when he performed "Gold Digger", on Tuesday I rushed out to get "Late Registration" (and Rihanna's CD because here's is out too now). "Late Registration" is true not a solid album that it is hyped to be.  Kanye West slightly improved in lyrics, and heavily improved in flow. In "Touch The Sky", Kanye talks about how after his accident and being famous is like he's "in heaven". Some of the best lyrics, though, are found in "Gold Digger". Talking about ingredients for a bad relationship problems "my best friend said she used to fu*k with Usher, I don't care what y'all say I still love her" and then they have a children "got you for 18 years" and the breakthrough... "on the 18th birthday you found out it wasn't his". Then, the beginning of the song actually goes here when Jamie sings "She took my money. Now I'm in debt." Some decent lyrics, and Kanye definitely proves his producing skills in that song. Jamie Foxx also does a nice background in the song. Another stand-out song is "Hey Mama", a true tribute from Kanye to his mother, and saying that she's not just a mom but a "friend" to him. The production is pretty good in that song, and his rapping skills shine as usual. Cam'ron did a nice job in "Gone" too.  What seriously lacks on "Late Registration" is Kanye's production. It seems he's trying to bring 70's or blues into his songs, and frankly, it just doesn't work. If you don't know what I mean listen to "My Way Home". He tries to bring blues, and may be working towards an R&B lean, but you can tell how poorly Kanye performs when you hear Common. And in "Crack Music", The Game and Kanye try to rap in an R&B/Blues beat. Sorry, the only person who can pull that off is Alicia Keys. The production is "Crack Music" is pretty lame, it's continuous looping will annoy you within the first minute of the song. The boring and flat production in "We Major" is luckily saved by Nas. I'm not sure who Really Doe his, but he was very lacking in flavor and flow in his verse.  I'm not saying "Late Registration" is a bad CD at all, it's just has a very, and I mean VERY flat production comparing to "The College Dropout". It was dissappointing, nonetheless, but some Kanye fans will be satisfied with his improved flow and lyrics. 3 stars.  Replay Value: Medium Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     