 Mario's new album "Turning Point" is mainly about him losing a girl, and finding out she was cheating on him, and now she decides that her new man is not treating her the way she wants, so she goes back to Mario. Ugh, another break-up album.  Yes, Mario's vocals shine throughout the CD, specifically on "Directions", "Like Me Real Hard", and "How Could You". His vocals are not original, as stars as Omarion and Usher can pull-off the same thing, but his vocals seem to have a bit more clarity, style, and creativity in them. What? Yuo didn't think vocals could be creative? Think again. And Mario has absolute no trouble with his vocals, unless you're talking about the dancier and rappier tracks like "18", and "Shakedown". Of course, some R&B artists (Lloyd, Omarion, Usher, lately Akon) decide to express hip-hop in their tracks. This is okay, but you need to know how to rap to do this. Mario has talents in vocal ability, but not in rapping. That is probably why those are the least-liked tracks of "Turning Point".  The lyrics, especially, need work. "How Could You" being the biggest fixer-upper. "How could you? How could you forget about me? How could you? How could you?...". That is repeated so many times, 31 exactly, that it almost comes close to Ruben Studdard's "Sorry 2004" (sorry repeated 54 times, had nothing else to do). No wonder it was so minor. Other lyrical problematic songs include "18" taking about  having 7 years to catch up, "Boom" about "all we need is a hell of a beat...", which sounded like a recycled version of Murphy Lee's "Wat Da Hook Gon Be?". "Nikes Fresh Out The Box" comparing Nike shoes to his girl (I thought what the hell for some time as well), and "Shakedown" about being in a club with his girl. Also, the repeated subject of his girl break-up with "Girl I Need", "Call The Cops" and "How Could You" (which I declared the biggest lyrical bomb of "Turning Point"). He does have some so-so lyrics, but it feels very cheesy with his excellent voice.  The beats of the CD are a high point. The danceable ones like "Shakedown" and "Boom", and the smooth ballads like "Let Me Love You", "Couldn't Say No", "Directions", and "Like Me Real Hard". The cheesy beats happpen to be in "How Could You" and "Girl I Need", with not much clarity and more kiddish and quite boring. Though, as an overall statement, the beats are nice, both dance and ballad.  Overall, the lyrics of "Turning Point" may have bombed, the vocals are some of the best in the music industry. And the beats weren't too bad either. 2005's Usher or one-hit wonder? The question still remains. I'll leave you to figure that out, but for now, this wouldn't be a bad CD to pick-up. 3 stars.  Replay Value: Low Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Low     