 After my Hoover WindTunnel died on me (and lit on fire...yikes!), it was time to look for a new vaccum. This was one of the cheaper models at around $70 (I'm not sure it was a present, I saw a similar model for that price) and was wondering...would such a inexpensive vaccum be good enough?   Vaccum   Vaccums clean floors...if you don't know what one is...well then that's a problem.   Design, Use, and Features   Before I get into the deep corners of the review, I will explain how you put this thing together. The vaccum is disessembled so you have to put it all together. I figured it out without reading instructions. All you really have to do is attach the handle at the top, put the top on the bottom, and you're ready to go. Anyone should be able to figure it out, if you can't there are instructions.   It's pretty small for a vaccum. It is about 12 inches in length, about 8 inches in width, and around 4 feet tall (my setting), but the handle can make it shorter or longer, so it can go as short as 3 1/2 feet to almost 5 feet. It has a bright green color with some gray color, a pretty interesting set of colors. There are two options when turning on the vaccum. There is option one and two; one is suction which would work better on thin carpet and tile, while option 2 gives the most out of the vaccum with the brushroll and works best on heavy carpets and rugs. One thing you'll wonder is how to push down the floor nozzle. You have to hold it down with your foot and push the rest of the vaccum back for this to work; there is no floor nozzle release whichi s pretty annoying. There is a switch on the bottom-back of the vaccum to switch from floor to hose, so all the suction goes into the hose or the floor so you get the full 12 amps any way you use it. The hose is very long and can reach around 5-6 feet of length. The cord is also very long and it's around 11 feet (it's not 3-pong). Along with the hose, there is tools to go along with it. There is a long corner tool with a slanted edge at the end to pick up anything missed on the corners. There is also a brush tool, I'm sure this will be most useful on tile, the brush part seems to pick up lit on the brushes which will make it useless in a heartbeat. Emptying the vaccum is as simple as 1-2-3, 1) press cup release, 2) empty, 3) put it back. There was no need of twisting the filter or any other tasks like my WindTunnel. There is also a little light on the floor nozzle which is bright red when it's turned on...though I don't know what the use of it is because you'll know when it's on because this thing is LOUD, or at least louder than my WindTunnel. My guess is because a lot of noises is coming from it's power amp, since it's small it probably needs a lot more power than other larger 12 amp vaccum cleaners. And after all of tihs, I didn't even explain how well it works. Well, it's 12 amps, it sucks up stuff like crazy, and it is one of the most powerful vaccums I've ever owned. Nothing was left behind from what I picked up (mostly paper and plastic scraps and messy food). I think it was a little more powerful than my WindTunnel, and my WindTunnel's hose didn't work, so I was happy to finally use it for the corners. The wheels worked well, they were not too small and manuvered it around easily. Overall it was easy to operate, gave great power, it was lightweight (only 10 lbs!), and it was easy to operate.   Price   As far as I know it was around $70. It is very inexpensive for what you get here, considering my WindTunnel was twice the price and had the same power.   The Bottom Line   Overall, this is one vaccum you should look at. I've seen Dirt Devil and Hoover models with the same power but they're prices are a lot higher and I don't recommend buying Hoover after what happened to me. The Eureka Optima 431 is definitely the vaccum choice for those looking for one with power at a low price.     