 Ok, I LOVED the Grammy CDs. The 2003 one was great. The 2004 had some issues, but was acceptable. But this one is pretty bad, and unexceptable.  1. Let's Get It Started - The Black Eyed Peas (A-) The tune and the bass of this song should get you going.  2. Here We Go Again - Ray Charles with Norah Jones (D+) Ray Charles is one of the best R&B singers EVER!!! Norah Jones, however, sucks a$$.      3. American Idiot - Green Day (A+) Usually anything by Green Day is an A+, and this is no difference. Great guitars and the tune is danceable.  4. Heaven - Los Lonely Boys (C-) A bit too boring for me.  5. If I Ain't Got You - Alicia Keys (A) I love Alicia Keys. She is vey talented and wrote this song. It's so meaningful and just...great.  6. Burn - Usher (D-) Ok, so I hate the biggest artist of 2004, sue me. This song is annyoing for sure. "To get my shorty back/ Ooo ooo ooo ooooh /Man I don't know what I'm gonna do /Without my booo..." Annoying and unmeaningful lyrics. Basically the exact opposite of last track (#5).  7. Through The Wire - Kanye West (B-) Kanye is a good rapper, but for some reason this song didn't approve me as "All Falls Down" has.  8. She Will Be Loved - Maroon 5 (B+) Very overplayed, but a pretty good song about loving the girl that deserves to be loved.  9. You Had Me - Joss Stone (F) Just like Norah Jones, I hate this preppy girl that gets attention for no reason. She should be waitressing, not at the Grammys.  10. Redneck Woman - Gretchen Wilson (D-) I hate country, and that will never change, though Gretchen Wilson is one of my favorite singers. I just hate this song. I like "Here For The Party"!  11. The First Cut Is The Deepest - Sheryl Crow (A) The talented Sheryl Crow makes one of my favorite songs, "1st Cut Is The Deepest"...ok, im exaggerating a bit. It's got a nice tune, and it mostly guitars and drums.       12. Sunrise - Norah Jones (F) go see #9      13. You Raise Me Up - Josh Groban (D-) Boring, blah, classical music. His CD is in French! WTF?  14. Daughters - John Mayer (B-) Didn't really derserve the Grammy's, but it's an ok tune. A bit too slow to make it a pop or rock song, or adult contemparary for that matter.  15. Cinnamon Girl - Prince (F) Ugh! They were so good in the 80's. Well, not in today's world.   16. Love's Divine - Seal (A+) I love this song so much! It has one of the deepest meanings, and it's sung well.  17. My Immortal - Evanescence (A+) see #16  18. Good Vibrations - Brian Wilson (D+) Only good with the beach boys.  19. Monkey To Man - Elvis Costello & The Imposters (A BIG FAT F) Ok, here is were it is just too much. You have wannabe Norah Jones and Joss Stone. You have horrible recomers Brian Wilson and Prince. But this is just an awful and deadly mix of BOTH!!! I hate this song, they have no talent and never did. WTF is this doing on a pop CD anyway? And the title is called "Monkey to Man". What the hell is that kind of a title??? Who are the Imposters???  20. Vertigo - U2 (A) Oh, what a break. Finally, another good song from the wonderful U2.  21. Ch-Check It Out - Beastie Boys (C) In my opinion, the Beastie Boys's comeback was a bit of a downfall. Though, this is one of the better songs from "To The Five Boroughs". It's vry, I mean VERY catchy. But I can't stand the screaming throughout the song.  Overall Grade (D+)  Like I said, this is not a good Grammy year, and the could have spent more than 10 seconds picking nominees. They could have picked good nominees, but instead we get so-so and forgettable songs making the nominees.     