 I posted a review on the regular edition, but it didn't show up! WTF? I'll just review on the deluxe version, although I didn't get the DVD.  What You Waiting For (5/5) First single. Probably the best on the album! Great song and full of energy!  Rich Girl (4/5) Second single. This is a good song, but I thought Gwen was rich? Whatever, just the lyrics could use some work.  Hollaback Girl (2/5) Radio unfriendly becuase it has the the word $#!t in half of the song. It's also missing some Gwen flavor.  Cool (3/5) This would have been a great song if it wasn't for the Nintendo crap sound.  Bubble Pop Electric (3/5) I liked this song much more before I read the lyrics. Now, I don't like it because the song is about having sex in a back of a car. But if you don't look at the lyrics, you'll love it.  Luxourious (1/5) The worst on the album, Gwen is missing Gwen flavor in this song. It's also pretty annoying. She sings badly in this song. Not good. I always skip it.  Harajuku (is that how it's spelled?) Girls (3/5) This is a good song, but once again, were back to the Nintendo crap. Cut it out Gwen! Please!  Crash (3/5) ^see above^  The Real Thing (4/5) Were at least getting rid of SOME of the Nintendo crap, but it's still there. Pretty good slow song by Gwen, but not the best.  Serious (3/5) She sounds a lot like Madnonna in this song, which is a positive and a negative for me. This song is an 80's flash back song, and, I guess it's ok.  Danger Zone (5/5) One of the best of the album with What You Waiting For. This song still has some Nintendo crap, but not enough to complain. Overall, very very good! Also has a good message.  Long Way To Go (3/5) I like Andre 3000's performance but Gwen sounds horrible on this song, but it's not downright terrible.  Love Angel Music Baby (Full Album w/o DVD) (3/5) This is an ok album. If Gwen would cut off the Nintendo crap, it would have been a much better debut. It does have some good tunes and does deserve a few spins, but it's not the Hall of Fame or anything special.         