 1. Vertigo - U2 (B+) Great song from U2. Though a big hit on adult contemparary charts, this barely cracked into the top 40 on the pop chart.   2. What You Waiting For? - Gwen Stefani (A) Gwen Stefani's "What You Waiting For" deliever what we have been missing for awhile...flavor. Though a dissappointing album, this is the standout great track of "Love Angel Music Baby", and maybe Now 18 too.   3. Rumors - Lindsay Lohan (B+) The song is pretty good, but a bit too rappy for Lindsay.   4. Drop It Like It's Hot - Snoop Dogg - featuring Pharrell Williams (A+) This song is just awesome. I dance everytime I hear it. And, it was in the top 10. Great addition.   5. Soldier - Destiny's Child featuring T.I. and Lil Wayne (D-) This song is just awful. Destiny's Child is wack now. T.I. and Lil' Wayne don't help it much.  6. Only U - Ashanti (B+) It's a good song by Ashanti, though a bit too basic. Maybe with a bit more meaningful lyrics, it would be an A.   7. Balla Baby - Chingy (B-) Once again, a good song, but just too basic material-wise. It may bring a smile to your face, but it's extremly forgettable.  8. Used To Love U - John Legend (F) Never cracked the top 40, or top 100 if you want to get technical. Not even a good song! And, the annoying "ai ai ai ai" at the beginning makes it even worse. The rest of the song after the annoying of the beginning is just ok/below average R&B.  9. Over & Over - Nelly - featuring Tim McGraw (F) Even if it was #1, I hate this song enough to give it an F. Country and rap do not mix.   10. Obsession (No Es Amor) - Frankie J featuring Baby Bash (A) Just pure talent, and a break from the last two. It's a nice jam, slow, but not too slow. And, great lyrics.   11. O - Omarion (C+) It's an ok song, but once again, like track 7, it doesn't do much to satisfy, and does more to fill.  12. Collide - Howie Day (B+) Howie Day is a great band. "Collide", is a soft-rock ballad, but a bit unknown.  13. Disappear - Hoobastank (C) This song is no "The Reason". This song is not only forgetfull, but just average. Not much to offer, especially when you're talking Hoobastank.  14. Vitamin R (Leading Us Along) - Chevelle (D) The subject of the song is very bland, and takes away the fun of the song, plus, never charted on the top 40 (on pop charts).  15. Home - Three Days Grace (D+) Fun at first, but irritating at most. This song has nothing to offer, but to prove adult alternative rock sucks, as ever. Ugh, where's Pearl Jam and 311 when you need them?  16. Lady - Lenny Kravitz (B) The song sounds like a remake, though it isn't. Only a minor for Lenny.  17. I Just Wanna Live - Good Charlotte (B-) I'm not a big GC fan, but this song is quite good. Though, I could stand the squeally chorus.  18. Jesse's Girl - Frickin'A (C) Just an average remake of an 80's classic. Do I really need to add more?  19. Tangled Up In Me - Skye Sweetnam (B+) Great song, though a bit too old for No 18 (Now 17 material!). And also very minor, but they're a new band, and the song is good.  20. You're My Better Half - Keith Urban (F) I hate country. May I explain more?   Overall Grade (C-) This CD has just one thing to say, the second half of 2004's music SUCKED!!!!! There was nothing good really at all this entire year. There we some good songs, but not any to remember. The first half of the year did a little better, but I think the year as a whole SUCKED! Nows 17 & 18 were awful. Oh well, 2005 already is on a roll, with J. Lo, 50 Cent, and Frankie J.     