 1. Justin Timberlake- Rock Your Body (B+) Overrated bubblegum. A nice listen, and a very danceable beat. But, just your average bubblegum-pop-sex music.  2. Jennifer Lopez- I'm Glad (B) This song is pretty good. It features a nice, soothing latin beat. Though, her boring lyrics about Ben kind of ruins it.  3. B2K- Girlfriend (C) Not a big hit for B2K, minor if anything. The song has a nice beat, but it has boring lyrics and Omarion's annoying high-pitched voice.  4. Jay-Z- Excuse Me Miss (A) Though this may not have been the biggest hit for Jay-Z, I'm glad, because it would have been sad if I got sick of it because radio overplayed it. The beat is the most enjoyable and danceable so far on Now 13, and the lyrics are pretty clever, and don't repeat much. Also, Jay-Z is a great rapper in this song.  5. Ginuwine featuring Baby- Hell Yeah (C-) It was okay their for a minute, and then it got extremely overplayed. I don't like Ginuwine's voice in this song. He tries rapping in this song, which ends up unsuccessful.  6. Joe Budden- Pump It Up (B+) This is a pretty decent song. The beat is nice, and danceable. Though, it's quite forgettable because the song is just average, and there is much more to enjoy. Though, a nice jam.  7. Nas- I Can (A) A very nice rap song, and maybe the best of Nas. Luckily, it wasn't massively overplayed, as it probably would have if it was advertised more. This song actually has a nice message, and correct me if I'm wrong but Nas won an award for this song for having such a good meaning.  8. Frankie J- Don't Wanna Try (A+) So far, the best yet of Now 13. The song is sort of sad, but I usually don't examine the lyrics unless they are bad, so, I'm still not quite sure what this song is about. All I remember was something about breakfast on the table. The R&B beat is pretty decent, making this song even better. And Frankie J's vocals are just amazing.  9. Daniel Beddingfield- If You're Not The One (F) Ugh! How come so many people like this song. It's pretty medicore. Daniel's vocals are pretty bland, and lack low tone notes. Also, the lyrics aren't anything special, and they sound like a Hallmark card. The song also lacks something, but I'm not sure what. It's something that most slow songs have. I'll write more when I find out.  10. Counting Crows featuring Vanessa Carlton- Big Yellow Taxi (A) Yay, another great song that wasn't overplayed! The guitar in the song is intresting while it has more pop/rock insturments throughout. The vocals aren't bad, but Vanessa doesn't sing enough.  11. Robbie Williams- Feel (B-) I've never heard of this until Now 13 was released. It's a nice song, and it's not missing what "If You're Not The One" is. The vocals are pretty good, and it's enjoyable. Though, it still needs work on lyrics.  12. Stacie Orrico- Stuck (A) Stacie Orrico is awesome. This song does not dissappoint. The lyrics make sense, while they are more original. The vocals beat sorry Britney Spears by a long shot. The melody and rhythm of this song is what is just so great. It has that special flow, that most pop songs from today are missing.  13. Lisa Marie Presley- Lights Out (A+) I honestly have no clue why Lisa Marie Presley is on here. She does not fit in any genres of this CD. She is considered adult alternative rock. Well, I guess you could consider it on here without adult, but songs like these have a different way. Her voice is like that because it fits the genre. And her voice is actually pretty good. She has a bit of trouble with high notes, but overall, is very good. The rhythm and melody of this song is just crazy. It switches throught the song, make it one of the most memorable songs of Now 13.  14. Bowling For Soup- Girl All The Bad Guys Want (B) This is an average pop-punk song. They seem too funny in the lyrics, making it a bit untolerable. In my opinion, this song blows compared to "Punk Rock 101".  15. Ataris- In This Diary (A-) The song is very good, and has a good flow, rhythm, and melody. The only part of this song that lacks is the vocals, which seem a bit "jumpy" at times.  16. Sum 41- The Hell Song (C+) Unrememorable pop-punk fake metal. Need I say more?  17. Cheville- Send The Pain Below (F) same as #16, just 10 times worse  18. 3 Doors Down- The Road I'm On (C+) #16 again  19. Godsmack- Serenity (B+) A nice, egyptain (?) ballad from Godsmack. I'm glad to see them on Nows.  20. Coldplay- Clocks (A+) everything opposite of #9  Overall - (A-) Now 13 is a very good Now in the series. It has less overplayed songs and more satisfying tracks. Or, maybe these were overplayed and I just don't remember 2003 much. Ok, ok, I raised the grade for the artwork, once again. Anyway, great Now.     