 I've always been a fan of this series, mainly because they pick hit songs onto the album so I don't need to buy sperate CDs. The 19th edition of this long-going series is pretty heavy on R&B songs, with Frankie J, Ciara, Bobby Valentino, Destiny's Child, and many others. But the CD starts it off with a punch, the biggest song of the summer (so far), Gwen Stefani's "Hollaback Girl". The lyrics are strange, but the beat is so infectous that the replay button will get damaged before you have a chance to replay Will Smith's "Switch". Once again, not the best lyrics (actually, some of the worst), but the beat is overly-danceable. It actually took some time for me to like "Switch", but I'm starting to get into the beat. I still think the lyrics are dumb though. Then the CD zoomes straight into three R&B acts in a row, staring with Amerie's "One Thing". Luckily, it's not the Eve version. The song hooks on you at first, but then it starts to wonder off, in the land of overplayed songs. Ciara's "1, 2 Step" may have not made it to the 18th edition, but she's back for another round with "Oh", featuring the multi-plantinum selling rapper, Ludacris. I'm not a big fan of this song much, as a matter of fact it's my least favorite song on her "Goodies" album. But, I guess it will spark some young teenage girls. Then the album leads off into Bobby Valentino's "Slow Down". The song is indeed one of my favorites, but I do agree with others saying "Don't Phunk (or mess) With My Heart" by The Black Eyed Peas should've been added instead. Hopefully they will make this mistake again because their next single is "My Humps". Awful, I know. Anyhow, Bobby Valentino's slow good feeling beat and his R&B unoriginal but inspiring voice will leave this summer smash for the year.   Now, we lead into two rap acts from newcomer Brooke Valentine and Eminem being solo. "Girlfight" is a pretty nice song, though it's about girlfights, but hey, it's unique, right? The beat is pretty decent, and so far I still haven't understood the music video. Then up next is "Mockingbird" by Eminem. This is a pretty late add, but who would want "A$$ Like That"? Although the Black Eyes Peas could've had a spot hear, "Mockingbird" is a cool add, and it's one of the msot emotional songs by him, as it is a song he wrote to his sister.  Then we have a retiring group, Destiny's Child, so Beyonce could have loads of $$ by starting a solo career, which means Beyonce will have #1 hits, Kelly will have some success, and Michelle will have none. Though, were no quite at that point. "Girl" is a nice song, and has a positive "I'll always be there for you." message. The melody is crazy good, and the beat is infectous, and yes, this is an R&B track. It suprises me on how poorly this song did on the charts. Even on TRL, the video was barely voted for, and didn't even peak in the Top 5. Luckily, their new (and last) single has been at #1 for awhile on Direct Effect (but aren't the Billboard Charts what we comparing here?).  Next, we have a Now That's What I Call Music first, a Spanish song on an English release. What they could've done was waited for Now 20 and add the English version (which will be released in November). I have no clue what the lyrics mean, because I don't understand the Spanish lingo, but the beat obviously is what got this on here.  Baby Bash and Akon are next with "Baby I'm Back", which could be the reason "Lonely" wasn't added. The song to me is average at best, and I checked out samples of his album, and I am definitely not going to plan on it. The lyrics are pretty boring ,and it sounds like the lyics he's using are to promote his album. As for the beat, I've heard much better. So, I will probably not need a second listen of that song. Or, "How To Deal", Frankie J's latest single, which is pretty medicore as far as R&B songs go. "money, shows, h0es come along with luxury", I mean is he serious here? I mean, this was not what I used to think of him (obviously no one remembers "Don't Wanna Try"...yeah, it make you hate this song). Then we have another R&B act, John Legend, who is now featured on this series twice. "Ordinary People" sure is boring, just piano. No insturments. Okay, I guess it's fine for a ballad, but not if you're trying to establish yourself as R&B. The lyrics are average, nothing special or worth more listens.  Then we have our Keith Urban song. Now, it seems Keith Urban is going to be on these complications no matter what. They'll probably add "You'll Think Of Me" on Now 20, and probably the last add since that's four single (though Avril Lavigne wen't up to five).  The Backstreet Boys are back for another round this year. Their ballad "Incomplete" is decent and fairly powerful, and is similar to "Drowning", the single they stopped on. The lyrics are average lyrics.  Next is five rock tracks, starting with favorite Three Doors Down, with "Let Me Go". It's a decent track, the melody is awesome, and they rocked hard on this track, even though the lyrics are average. And Relient K did an awesome job with "Be My Escape". This somehow didn't become a hit since it was "Christian" rock, but how can this be if in the music video he's talking about a girl...maybe to promote the song, I guess. Afterwards, is one of the best bands last year, The Killers. "Mr. Brightside" is just a catchy, Indie Rock track, that you don't ever get sick of. Although, I don't understand the lyrics or the music video, "Mr. Brightside" is one of the best song on Now 19, along with the next track from Coldplay, titled "Speed Of Sound". It's a lot more upbeat than what they're usually up for doing, but actually, it's one of their better songs. And like the other track, I don't get the lyrics.  The last track is the "token" or miscellanous track of the CD, "Feel Good Inc." by Gorillaz. Now, I really don't understand the lyrics "Watch me navigate, ha ha ha ha ha!". Okay. But the beat is great, and this is one of their best song of their album "Demon Days" which has already passed the Gold mark and is heading towards platinum.  Although Now 19 is heavy on R&B, the CD as a whole is full of great tracks. And it almost feels that the dying of Pop rumor is untrue, and I bet it is. Now 19 is one of the best Nows in awhile, in fact, it's one of the best in the series. Go get yourself a copy!  Replay Value: High Child Appeal: Medium Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     