 Ok, this was the first NOW, so, I'm gnna be a little easy on grading.  1. Janet, Together Again: A- It above aerage for Janet, but it's not the best in the world or anything.  2. Backstreet Boys, As Long As You Love Me: B- This was really the only BSB song I liked. I didn't like it that much, but I guess it was an ok listen.  3. Fastball, The Way: C+ I really didn't like this song, compared to the excellent Out of My Head.  4. Harvey Danger, Flagpole Sitta: C- I thought this song was pretty boring. It also had some bad lyrics and vocals. I always skip it.  5. Spice Girls, Say You'll Be There: A I really like this Spice Girls song. I really don't care if others don't, since most didn't.  6. K-Ci & JoJo, All My Life: F I've always hated this group, and I continue to in a more forgettable way.  7. All Saints, Never Ever: B+ Really similiar to a slow Spice Girls song. Pretty good, but not the best.  8. Tonic, If You Could Only See: A+ I LOVE THIS SONG!!! I always have and I continue to still love it.  9. Hanson, MMMBop: F This is the most annoying and overrated song ever!  10. Cherry Poppin' Daddies, Zoot Suit Riot: F Are you serious? Was this a joke? A swing song on a pop complication. Not happenin.  11. Imajin, Shorty: D- It's better than the last two songs, but it still sucks.  12. Brian McKnight, Anytime: D I like Brain but this song sux.  13. Aqua, Barbie Girl: A+ It's about time we hit a good song! A breath of fresh air! Great song!  14. Radiohead, Karma Police: D Pretty overrated. I don't like this song. I think it's boring.  15. Everclear, I Will Buy You A New Life: A And we got back on track again. This is an awesome song, not best by Everclar, but good.  16. Lenny Kravitz, Fly Away: B+ I liked this song before it was overplayed. When it was overplayed it was so annoying, but now, it's getting better and better.  17. Marcy Playground, Sex & Candy: B- The lyrics sure are dirty, but the tune is rockin.  CD. Various Artists, Now 2 Overall Grade: C+  Well, for the first NOW, they did a pretty good job for their first time. If this CD wasn't so loaded with D and F songs (most are around 9-14), then this would have been a 4 or 5 star complication.     