 Pretty good mix of songs from summer and fall of 2000.  *NSYNC - It's Gonna Be Me: C- I just don't like this song. I don't know why. It's just so annoying to me.  98 Degrees - Give Me Just One Night (Una Noche): C+ My mom owns this CD (i know, embarrasing) but, I guess this song isn't too bad.  Destiny's Child - Jumpin' Jumpin': A+ Very, very, very good dance song. Excellent! One of my favs by them!  Kandi - Don't Think I'm Not: B+ Who is Kandi? Whatever, it's a pretty nice tune.  Jessica Simpson - I Think I'm In Love With You: F Horrible ripoff of John Mellencamp. Don't try that again Jess! Your better off alone!  Soul Decision - Faded: B- Pretty boring and generic, though, I guess some people will like it.  Mystikal - Shake It Fast: A Excellent rap and dancing song. I wish to see more songs like this.  Mya - Case Of The Ex: B+ Somewhat generic, but, it's better than the Rugrats song on Now 2.  Aaron Carter - Aaron's Party (Come Get It): F Aaron carter can not sing! EVER!  Britney Spears - Lucky: B At first, I loathed this song because I really didn't care about Lucky. I still don't really care about Lucky, but this song has grown a lot on me.  Backstreet Boys - Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely: B- Once again, I hate the BSB...but this song is ok.  Sisqo - Incomplete: F No Sisqo, ever! Thong Song and Incomplete are the worst song ever! Not good! Skip this one folks!  Mandy Moore - I Wanna Be With You: A+ Very good song from Mandy Moore! I'm a small but curious Mandy fan, and this song gives a good taste in the mouth afterwards. Very good!  Janet - Doesn't Really Matter: B+ Good song, though, it got very annoying after awhile.  BBMak - Back Here: A+ As much as I hate pop boy bands, this is a very excellent song. BBMak, I guess, are the ONLY THOUGH good pop boy band, but wait...they aren't really that pop are they?  Nine Days - Absolutely (Story Of A Girl): A Very good pop-rock song. Nine Days did a good job.  3 Doors Down - Kryptonite: C+ is song was great, before they overplayed it on the radio. Then it wasn't very good.  Everclear - Wonderful: A One of my favs of Now 5, Everclear is a great rock group, and this song proves it.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life: B- I don't know why, but I always did like this Bon Jovi song. *Sigh* I could have like it better if it was another one.  Various Artists - Now 5: B- This CD would have been much better if it had better pop songs, though, a good installment, but I could live w/o it. Another thing, I didn't raise the grade for the artwork because it wasn't mesmerizing or cool or anything. Just a few snowflakes make it boring.     