 The CD starts off with Mariah Carey's "Don't Forget About Us", one of`her minor hits when you think of the massive hits "We Belong Together" (9 weeks at #1 on Pop Airplay and #1 on Billboard 2005 year-end chart) and Shake It Off (7 weeks at #1 Pop Airplay and one of the top three gainers), but nonetheless it is a decent song and it charted fair enough; however without the bigger hits on earlier Nows has a sour taste at the end. "Stickwitu" comes next, one of the group's only good tracks and a massive hit during the winter. The song combines jazz and R&B and the Pussycat Dolls use all of their limited vocal range to produced a fair song. Next is Nelly "Grillz". The song has an interesting and addictive beat but the sound lyrics are pitiful "I might be grilled up nicely, in my white tee, on south beach..". The next song is "Run It", a fun dance/hip-hop song that warrants more than a few more listens, as well as one of 2005 and 2006's biggest tracks. The lyrics aren't amazing but good enough for this genre. "My Humps" comes next, an awful track but a definite guilty pleasure especially since it has one of the most addictive beats since "Drop It Like It's Hot" and Fergie says it all "My humps, my lovely lady lumps, check it out." Rihanna's more R&B track (comparing "Pon De Replay") "If It's Lovin' That You Want" has a fairly decent beat and so-so lyrics "If it's lovin that you want, you should make me your girl", but it's definitely incomparable to her current single "SOS", a definite pick for Now 22. The next song "Fresh Azimiz" is pure torture, the beat is lacking in any creativity and the lyrics are ridiculous at best "You ain't fresh as I'm is."; and azimiz meaning as-I'm-is, which is incorrect English to start with (Fresh as I am). The next song from Dem Franchize Boyz, "Lean Wit It, Rock Wit It", comes nowhere near their last single "I Think They Like Me", but it is still a guilty pleasure from it's beat. The lyrics are mediocre, the chorus has a choice of only five words, go figure. "Stay Fly" has a very interesting beat and is one of the better rap songs of the year. T-Pain (Tallahassee Pain)'s "I'm Sprung" is barely worth mentioning since it's mediocre at best. The entire production is basic and lacks in any creativity and even a few of the poor quality rap songs before on this CD had better beats. His vocals are obviously computerized and enhanced. The lyrics..."I'm sprung, she got me, got me doing things I'll never do"...enough said. Ray J's "One Wish" has minor appeal to most, his vocals are monotonous, his lyrics are repetitive, and the beat is nothing impressive. The next song saves the CD and is almost worth the purchase, Kelly Clarkson's "Because of You", which is one of the most powerful ballads in some time, and it was also #1 on Pop Airplay for 9 Weeks (not straight weeks though, "Gold Digger" stopped it's growth for a little bit). The lyrics are pretty impressive, "Because of you, I'll never stray too far from the sidewalk, Because of you I'll play on the safe side so I don't get hurt", while they don't look too special in typing you can hear her vocal emotions through the entire song (Heck, you should watch the music video for this song, I was crying.). Afterwards is UK's Britney Spears without the garbage production and better vocals, heck you probably can't compare her to Britney, she has a still of her own. Natasha Bedingfield's "Unwritten" is a pretty decent song, she can sing excellently and give out most of her vocal range, and the lyrics are decent enough. The beat is a pop/R&B crossover. Nickelback's "Photograph" is next and it's definitely a song better taken in small doses. It's more than annoying to her this song too often, but if you don't hear it often, it's a fairly decent song, mainly about past times. The guitars are pretty good in this song as well. Next is All American Rejects's "Dirty Little Secret", a pop-rock song that's addictive enough to keep your foot taping. The lyrics are pretty elementary "I'll keep you my dirty little secret, don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret.", but the guitars and drum beat are good enough to keep it an above average song. Next is Fall Out Boy with an interesting concept, dance and rock mixed together, suprisingly it works. The guitars and beat are maybe overly addictive, and silly and clever lyrics that make you smile every once in awhile makes this a great rock track. If you like Fall Out Boy, you should check out some indie bands such as Plain White T's and Panic! At The Disco; you might be surprised. Next is Relient K's "Who I Am Hates Who I've Been" is a lacking song, the lyrics are decent but it sounds like they just kept adding guitars to make a hard rock sound, which doesn't work nor is it for them, and it wasn't a big hit to begin with. The next track, Gorillaz's "Dare", very much makes up for the last track and is one of Now 21's best songs. The track combines dance, rock, and rap, and makes it into a smash song. Unfortunately it wasn't much of a hit so I can't give it full credit, but I still give Now props for putting this on regardless. The next song is Trace Adkins, a definite no-no since it doesn't belong in this complication. It was a big hit so I will give it credit, but I can't "really" rate it since it doesn't belong and I really do dislike country as a whole. The last song ends with a strong note, Cascada's "Everytime We Touch", which is similar to D.H.T.'s "Listen To Your Heart". The beat is pretty intense and should take you on a ride through dance and techno.  Overall, Now 21 contains mostly hits, while some of the hits aren't good songs to begin with (it's winter, pop's worst season), if you get past the low quality rap and a few other annoying tracks, you should find a winner in there somewhere.     