 but still good.  I'll start with this, if you enjoyed the "glam rock" style of the 70's and 80's, chances are your going to love this CD. If your just going to buy this from hearing "Somebody Told Me" or "Mr. Brightside", your making a good choice.  As of the CD itself, it's overrated. Not that it's bad, after I gave it four stars, but you have to admit, "Mr. Brightside" had a little too much airplay. One of my favorites on the CD is "Mr. Brightside". The modern guitar driven songs with Brandon Flowers's synthesizers and vocals made it a sure hit. Another pick is "On Top", the song starts off as synthesizers and drums only, but the song collabrates with other instruments to make a really cool and insteresting song that is no more catchy than "Somebody Told Me", another different song which is a lot more upbeat than most of the other songs on the disc. I found the lyrics odd however, such as "Somebody told me, that you had a boyfriend, who looked like a girlfriend...". However my favorite song on the whole disc is "Smile Like You Mean It", which most people have heard already. The guitars in the chorus push it away from other songs, and the drums are upbeat, however, the song isn't really about "smiling" at all, it's actually all a sad story. "Believe Me Natalie" is another pick, however, "Believe me Natalie, this is your last chance to find a go-go dancer." gets rather repeatitive. It is a decent ballad with a different feel. One of my least favorite tracks would be "Midnight Show", the song is okay, but the subject matter about having "goodies" (yeah, I did get that from Ciara) is a bit much, along with "You've got a short skirt, I wanna look up, look up.". Very nasty lyrics, though the beat is very good. "Everything Will Be Alright" is very boring, nothing instrusting, and folds into mold halfway through the song.  Expect "Hot Fuss" to be at least nominated for a Grammy this year. Even though it is overrated to be a five star album, it is still good enough to check out. 4 stars.  Replay: High Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     