 Run for the hills! It's another fake teen-pop star!     Ha ha...just joking. Can't I have a little fun?  Although Natasha loves you on "These Words", on "Single" she's "Single, that's what I want to be." UK pop-princess Natasha Bedingfield is in for a splash of USA success, as her single "These Words" gets airplay on most top 40 radio stations.  Let me start off by saying that I didn't know Natasha Bedingfield until back in May when I heard her single "These Words". Great song, loved it. It's always refreshing to her some talent on the radio, instead of Britney Spears (who is idle at this time). Natasha's vocals just shine on that one song, and while that song is good, lyrically, vocally, and productionly (yeah, new word), it's by far not the best on the album.  First thing I noticed, this CD is packed with genres, I mean PACKED! You have pop, rock, R&B, dance, hip-hop, all on one CD (oh, so that's why Now That's What I Call Music is popular - added comment, wouldn't be suprised if "These Words" ends up on Now 20).  Natasha's vocals, wow, don't even try comparing her to Britney Spears. How about...Mariah Carey and Beyonce. Her vocals are far from limited, a song like the dance-hip-hop influenced "Unwritten". Also on the R&B ballad "I Bruise Easily". Though those are her best vocal tracks, her vocals shine thoroughout "Unwritten".  The beats and melodies are great, then again she had Robbie Williams help her on a few tracks, no wonder. Some of my favorites cuts are "The One That Got Away", "We're All Mad", and "I Bruise Easily". Most of her CD has R&B beats, but with other genred production, which means the CD have a large range of variety. The beat example would be "Peace Of Me", saying that she has some Kelly Clarkson influences as well.  The lyrics...this girl can write! Deep lyrics and meanings fill "Unwritten" to fulfill it to its best! I love the deep meaning in "Silent Movie", with the "I can see right through you and your not real" message. Don't expect many requests for that, unless you're on UnKISS 101 (yeah, that almost sounds good). Or her ballad "Stumble", "It's so transparent how you stumble." Great lyrics, pretty complex actually (it took me awhile to think of what transparent meant...when I looked it up it reminded me how dumb I was).  I honestly did not think Natasha's album was going to be this good. I thought it was going to be a Jessica and Ashlee affair...happens to be the most opposite of it. Vocals, beats, lyrics, everything is good. Definitely recommended for Pop, R&B, and Dance lovers.  P.S. ATTENTION TO ALL THAT OWN MP3 PLAYERS THAT DON'T SUPPORT WMA: Do not buy this album. Buy the DualDisc, it is not protected and plays fine. The original, however, one will copy in WMA format, to prevent illegakl copies, as .wma files that the Epic program has made so it cannot be burned. However, can be transfered to .wma, so players like the Zen, iRiver, etc. can play it. This is actually good copy protection, but I agree with the earlier reviewer that it should be able to copy to AAC (iPod format) for people with iPods. I myself have an iRiver, but those with iPod, just warning ya.  RECOMMENDED WITH:  Destiny's Child - Destiny Fulfilled Rihanna - Music Of The Sun Mariah Carey - Emancipation of Mimi Black Eyed Peas - Monkey Business  Replay Value: High Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Medium     