 I use this book in school. It's not the most interesting subject, but it does work.  On the first few pages it shows that teachers really enjoy this book rather than Silver Burdett & Ginn or other math textbooks. It covers most of the 8th grade standards including: -equations and inequalities -graphing -integers -exponents and scientific notation -rational numbers and operations -real numbers -collecting and describing data -displaying data -plane figures -patterns in geometry -perimeter and area -3-d geometry -ratios, rates, and proportions -similarity and scale -numbers and percents -applying percents -experimental probability -theoretical probability and counting -solving linear equations -linear relationships -sequences -functions  There are twelve chapters in this book that put in two or three related standards and combining them in each chapter. Before every chapter is an Are U Ready? which has practice on the strategies needed in the chapter. There is also a "Focus on Problem Solving" which gives problem solving questions in standards already covered in the chapter (it's dead center in the chapter). There are also Mid-Chapter Quizzes which are halfway in the chapter to refresh peoples minds of earlier subjects. Also before every Chapter Test there is a Study Guide and Review which allows you to practice all of the standards before it's test time.  In the back of the book is a student handbook which has "Extra Practice" pages for all the lessons and a "Skills Bank" to practice techniques to finding answers. A "Selected Answers" is also there which shows all of the answers which means you should make sure your student has shown their work instead of copied all of the answers on their homework or classwork. Later, however, I found out in Independent Practice problems there are only the odd #d answers listed, so you might want to assign those for homework and/or classwork rather than the Guided Practice.  The book also has a website (which Amazon won't let me post) which has Homework Help and Test Taking Tips.  Overall it's a pretty good math book even though I dislike math.     