 Okay, I decided to write a review of this for two reasons. One, because 95% of one-star reviews are 10 year-olds that own the DS and like it so much, they bash every other game system, including ones they don't own. Thinking of it, what not. Secondly, becuase my friend plucked down $300 dollars at GameStop for this thing, and guess what, it's worth it.  DESIGN: Since the DS design is totally out of wack (IMO), Sony made a very decent design for their player. It seems like a GBA ripoff, but in really, it's better. The buttons are placed as on a Playstation controller. The X, square, triangle, and O bbuttons are placed in the same order, and the touchpad is also on the left. The L and R buttons are also in the same sequence. The only complaint I have is that to watch a video, you'll need the earbuds. You know, movies are encoded at very low outputs (low volume), and the speaker doesn't give a great enough output to fully hear the sound. Games and music, however, can be fully heard. Were not expecting surround sound here, but you get the picture. The off button is a flip switch on the bottom-right corner...you can't miss it.  SCREEN: Yeah, it's nice. It's a big, plasma screen. Enough said.  GAMES: While Nintendo releases better games for their systems (once again, IMO), PSP releases fair games for the PSP. It's not that the games are bad, but where's Crash Bandicoot? Driver? Gran Turismo? Armored Core? (actually, they're releasing AC soon) Pac-Man? (Are you listening Sony?). Though, the game releases are so far good. I'm just dissappointed Sony hasn't released any excellent ones.  Current Releases:  Coded Arms Need For Speed Underground Rivals (Underground 3) Midnight Club 3 Untold Legends Luminies Metal Gear Acid Hot Shots Golf Twisted Metal Head-On Wipeout Pure MVP Baseball Madden NFL 2006 Ape Escape Mercury NBA Street Showdown Darkstalkers FIFA Soccer Ridge Racer NBA Tony Hawk's Underground 2 Spiderman 2 Dynasity Warriors Tiger Woods PGA Tour MLB 2005 NFL Street Unleashed Renkogu (huh?) ATV Offroad Fury 3 World Soccer Tour Gretzky NHL Smart Bomb  Racing/Cars - 17% Sports - 45% Fighting/Shooting - 22% Adventure - 8% Puzzle/Mind Games - 8%  Sony really should stop making sports games. But, the game releases were good, and most of the games are worth buying.  PRICE:  PS2: $150 Monitor: $50 512 GB MP3 Player: $200  Total: $400  PSP: $300 512 MB Memory Stick: $75   So yeah, all of them even out, but wouldn't you want a portalbe system instead.  I highly recommend you to get one of these.     