 Re-...  I'm not quite sure what she re-did, but I know that word in the dots is not the word "birth". You would think she would bring back lots of hip-hop/latin flavored beats with excellent vocals, like her "On The 6" and "J. Lo" albums, because I really didn't want another "This Is Me...Then". Not quite.  The CD starts off with her latest flop, "Get Right". And I could understand why it was a flop. After you hear this song 10 times, you may go deaf, due to the very annoying repeated saxaphone. Nice beat, otherwise I'd call it a small offering. "Step Into My World" is just awful. It has this tiring R&B type of beat, and her voice sounds like she's trying to snore but she's singing. Bad vocals, boring beat, not a good comboination, ehh? The next track, "Hold You Down", to me is the first song that is worth listening too. I admit, the beat is quite nice, and not too tacky as I thought it would be. And, J. Lo's voice isn't a dying cat like usual in this CD. "Whatever You Wanna Do" is confusing. J. Lo says "Come on man, I need something to move to, you need to give me some of that funk.". And, it's anything but. Yeah, maybe you could move to it, but this is definitely not funk. It has a simialar, annoying beat like "Get Right". It has these people in the background going "Woah!", and then you have this beat going again, again, and again. It's going to also make you deaf after 10 listens. Then, "Cherry Pie", is probably the last song on the CD that is good. It does have a very addicting 90's-type beat. The vocals are okay, or, at least they aren't awful. Though, "Cherry Pie" is one of the best of the CD, that's not saying very much. "I Got You" is just disposable pop-R&B garbage. It has an okay beat, but J. Lo sounds like a dying cat. "Still Around" is just awful. It all about her Marc Anthony relationship, and her vocals are once again awful, and the beat is not much to help it. "Ride Or Die" is another song like "Step Into My World". It has an awful disposable R&B beat. The vocals are a bit better, but that's not saying a lot, considering they're still pretty bad. The next song, "I Love", is the worst song yet (the very worst song coming up...). The beat has annoying synths and these drums. That's all it really is. And the vocals aren't anything but terrifying. "He'll Be Back" is now the worst song YET (still not quite at the worst song yet). Dying dog (this time) vocals, and the beat is a bunch of synths and drums mixed together to form overproduced-pop garbage. Yes, we've all finally reached the worst song of "Rebirth". And believe it or not, it's saying a lot this time. I could probably do better at sing on this song, and the beat are violins, synths, and drums that all seem they are playing something else, making "Can't Believe This Is Me" have 0 substance or melody at all. The lyrics are awful, and guess who there written by. Yep, her so-called boyfriend/husband. And the "Get Right Remix" is just like the original, only it has a Fabolous verse in it to make it better, I guess.  "Rebirth" does have some good beats, but the CD fails as a whole, due to the tacky beats and the poor vocals. It doesn't show anything but the fact that the CD doesn't deliever much. Overall, I would not recommend this CD at all.  Replay Value: Closet Storage Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Low     