 Ok, so she was an actress, and got a record deal. So what? Hundreds of your favorite singers got some kind of recognition. Ashlee got a record deal because of Jessica. Nick was in the Backstreet Boys, Aaron got a record deal. Hilary Duff was on TV, remember? And how do you expect Justin or Nick to make a CD if not in their boy bands? So, there you have it. Lindsay Lohan made a record deal not because she is a movie star and is just trying to make money, she's doing because she wants to. Who said a little recognition was bad? Isn't that how music stars come about? Whatever, enough with the critical stuff. Let me explain how good this CD is.  1. First (5/5) An awesome song about Lindsay's boyfriend going after his ex and Lindsay is telling him she comes first. Good vocals, and the guitar is just rockin' and awesome. (3rd Single)  2. Nobody Til' You (4/5) Good song, but it sounds a bit chessy like something Disney Radio would play 24/7. (4th Single)  3. Symptoms of You (5/5) Awesome ballad about her suffering from symptoms of you. Good songs, lyrics are fine. Her voice is outstanding and fits this song well.  4. Speak (3/5) Yep. It's the dance track of the CD, and probably a filler too. Horrible vocals, but the danceable techno-like beat makes it interesting. Similar to "Toxic" by Britney Spears.  5. Over (5/5) I just simply LOVE this song. The lyrics are more than good and once again, her vocals shine. (2nd Single)  6. Something I Never Had (5/5) Similar to "Symptoms of You", another great ballad with touching lyrics. Her vocals shine and fit the song well. Great song.  7. Anything But Me (4/5) A bit cheesy, and may be a filler. But her vocals aren't bad, and the lyrics are good, so it's not unworthy or something.  8. Disconnected (3/5) I don't like it. It sounds like a horrible Hilary Duff remake.  9. To Know Your Name (3/5) see #4  10. Very Last Moment In Time (5/5) Break from the crap of the last two songs, ok they weren't bad, but not good. Anyway, this is a great song, with great vocals, and may be my ultimate favorite of this CD. The violins add a soothing touch!  11. Rumors (5/5) Ok, one way or another, you heard this before you bought the album. Much better than Britney's horrible "My Prerogative". Lindsay adds a fun beat to the song, and her vocals are good. Very danceable! (1st Single)  Rumors Video (4/5) Unless you haven't noticed, the CD has a little treat. You can which the "Rumors" music video on your computer. Try it! Put it in your computer.  CD (4/5) Great debut for Lindsay Lohan! She proves she also has a voice and  she is a great writer. And for people who hate actors become singers, actor singers can be just as good as other singers. It doesn't matter how they got their record deal, as long as the music is great. Quit being goth and starving yourself! Bye!     