 This, I thought, was one of the best Totally Hits albums yet.  1. Kelly Clarkson- Miss Independent A/ A very good Kelly Clarkson song, though, it was pretty overplayed. Still very good.  2. Michelle Branch- Are You Happy Now? B/One of my least fav Michelle Branch songs, but, I guess it pretty good, and most people will like it.  3. Santana featuring Alex Band- Why Don't You And I A/ I like this song, but Chad's version was much better. Oh well! Still good.  4. Fabolous featuring Tamia- Into You A+/ Very, very, very underrated, so I'm glad Totally Hits put this on. Very great track, just extremly underrated.  5. R. Kelly featuring Camron and Big Tigger- Snake (Remix) F/ This was probably the most annoying song of 2003. Who on Earth would like this song? R. Kelly sort of sucks now, though, he used to be better. Who is Big Tigger anyway?  6. Monica- So Gone C+/ Very overrated and very generic, but it's an ok song. Still doesn't derserve a very high grade though.  7. Jason Mraz- The Remedy (I Won't Worry) A/ Here's another good tune from Jason Mraz. Very good, probably the best by him.  8. Jewel- Intuition B+/ Hmm. very poppy for Jewel, but it's a good tune, but she's losing her folk image and turning into the next Britney.  9. Clay Aiken- This Is The Night B-/ Kinda boring for Clay Aiken. Invisible could have been a muuch better choice, though, it's ok.  10. Ruben Studdard- Flying Without Wings B/ A bit better than Clay. This is probably Ruben's best song to date unless there's something better on his new album I Need An Angel (haven't bought it yet).  11. Justin Timberlake- Cry Me A River C-/ Very overraed. I really didn't like this song. It's pretty boring. Slow, but bad slow.  12. Sean Paul- Like Glue B/ They should have used Get Busy (bigger hit and better song), though, it's pretty good, but doesn't compare to Get Busy.  13. Simple Plan- Addicted D/ Overplayed, overplayed, did I say overplayed?  14. Avril Lavigne- Sk8ter Boi A+/ Probably Avril's 3rd most played single up to today. Complicated was too old to be on this CD, and Don't Tell Me was much, much, much too new, so Sk8erboi was a great add-on. Very good rock song too.  15. Trapt- Headstrong A-/ This would have been better to be put on Totally Hits 2002, but it's still a great song by Trapt. Trapt's best song too.  16. Uncle Kracker- In A Little While C-/ Very old! Maybe could've been on Totally Hits 2001! It's a good song, but wwwwwwwwwwaaaaaayyyyyyyy too old for this CD. They should have used Drift Away. It was a big hit!  17. Christina Aguilera- Fighter A/ Great song! Christina Aguilera's voice really shines on this song!  18. Missy Elliott- Work It A+/ I love this song! Much better than the overrated Gossip Folks! Great great great! I was scared they wouldn't put this on, but they did! Great song!  19. Blu Cantrell featuring Sean Paul- Breathe (Remix) B+/ I love Blu Cantrell's work, but this is one of her downfall songs. Though, it's pretty good, but most people hate it.  20. Luther Vandross- Dance With My Father A/ Very very sad. I almost cried the first time I heard it. It's really good, and it's a nice soft song to end the CD.  Totally Hits 2003- B+/ This is a great CD full of some good songs of 2003. I suggest you buy it if you liked 2003's music.     