 Well, I've owned this for 8 months, and it's still in great shape. I've delete my old review, to write another review on this good CD player.  Radio - 5/5 Stars  Good reception on most stations, considering I live 15 miles away from metro Tucson (Marana to be exact), so most players would usually black out signally this far, but I can listen to most stations within this distance. The radio sound quality is poor, as on any FM...anything. Though, I don't blame RCA. It's ClearChannel that needs to have their equalizer adjusted. The presets are easy to preset. I put every station in order on the presets from the way their presented from (87.5 - 107.9). Mainly because of the distance of where I live make it hard to get a signal on some stations, making the seek feature skip some stations.  Sound/Bass Boost - 4/5 Stars  The bass and treble are NO problem whatsoever. The bass boost is truly effective. The gripe is that the volume, even on the highest setting, is kind of quiet. Anyway, great sound. Just a low peak volume.  CD Player - 5/5 Stars  The player has skipped barely, if not at all. All my CDs play fine, even the ones most scratched of all play well. And once again, quiet but great sound.  Headphones - 1/5 Stars  Just throw them away when you open it.  Construction - 5/5 Stars  Not even a scratch or malfunction ever since I bought it. Dropped over 5 times and not even a scratch. Even the Sony Walkman has that kind of construction. Actually, I banged this CD player with a hammer and ithad not even a scratch. I award RCA with this kind of durability.  Portability - 4/5 Stars  The CD player should fit in most small cases, though even if it's twice as blukier than other CD players (it that where it gets it's durability from?). Good for picky-but-not-to-picky travelers.  Cost - 0/0  I don't know the cost of it because I got it for a birthday present. If I was RCA, I'd price it $40-$50.  Battery Life - 5/5  It has an amazing battery life of 36 hours.  Overall - 4/5  Of all the CD players I've owned (2 Walkmans, 2 junky Memorexes, and 6 other CD players I've tried but not owned), this is the best of the bunch. The headphones suck, but just spend $10-$20 on another pair (volume control type recommended) and you'll be good to go.     