 As of, the SLSV570 from Panasonic broke on me for 2 months. This was somewhat ridiculous. No, the lid did not fall off as that was a very common problem with that player. The LCD shattered, makling the player unusable.   Yes, I was heptic on buying another Panasonic, but I didn't want to pay $70 for a Sony or $20-$30 on an "el cheapo" brand such as Durabrand, GPX, J-Win, Coby, etc.   First off, it's easily noticeable that Panasonic took control of their errors of the SLSV570. They also added a few extras people have been begging for, such as a remote, a slimmer esign, two hinges for the lid so it is strongly on. These are only some of the extras of the SLCT582V.   The player's sound is even better than my friend's recent Sony (DFJ-200). The bass booster has been more enhanced than the SLSV570, which I had problems with onthe bass boost due to disortation. Now, that seems to be mostly removed. There is also a new feature that is called "3-Way D.Sound". It is basically a live equalizer, so you can hear concert sound right from your little player. This is a nice feature, though cannot be used on AM/FM radio, but on CDs and MP3 discs.   The construction is the biggest improvement. The duble hinges do make the lid strongly held, and the player's top seems like it could do some strong use fine, unlike the SLSV570 with only one hinge on the lid, and geting scratched easily. It seems there is a metal boundary on the inside of the player, which says a lot about construction and that Panasonic cares about their customers.   Like I stated earlier, there are many features on the SLCT582V. There is a 30 station memory as an upgrade of 20. I haven't found out if the player has ID3 tags or not. I'm thinking it doesn't, though that would be a nice improvement. The CD Player/MP3 CD Player works wonderful, and I've had a hard time at trying to make the player skip. The player seems to have a bigger output, but not that bigger. Bigger enough that it will make 11 go to 7 or 8. You figure it out. If you haven't owned a Panasonic, I still think these will power most headphones. As I mentioned earlier, it does have a bonus remote that can be used on any 3.5mm headphone. The player comes with behind-the-neck headphones. They actually are pretty worthy, though I'd rather use my Sony h.ears. The remote has backward, forward, stop, play, cd/radio switch, volume, and hold buttons. Nothing advanced like repeat, random, program, bass boost, memory, or anything special, but you rarely switch those anyway. Besides, the remote would be too crowded with that. Also, the player is much slimmer, and equivalent to 10 CDs stacked. That's pretty awesome!   Any cons? The color is a bit boring. Otherwise, I truly think there aren't any.   The cost is still $60, but the SLCT582V is worth it for the CD/MP3, AM radio, and FM radio player. And don't forget all the extras! Happy shopping, and enjoy!     