 Nivea first appeared in 2001 with "Don't Mess With The Radio". You can tell that got her no success, mainly because she was signed to a very small record company.  A year later in 2002, Jive discovered her great voice, and signed her. That so lead to her smash self-titled album. From that album, she had to hits, the 2003 Year-End chart topper, "Don't Mess With My Man", and the ballad with R. Kelly, "Laundromat".  Nivea has always had talent, from writing her songs, to producing a beat with someone, to singing the songs.  It seemed some of that has changed with her comeback album, "Complicated". It seems the only things on her album "Complicated" is produce the album with Lil' Jon and use her wonderful voice. It's obvious that either Lil' Jon didn't try on the production, or the album was done in a week.  Yes, some of the beat in "Complicated" are nice, and sometimes catchy; take "Okay" for example. Despite the awful lyrics (*cough* Jive *cough*), the song is great, catchy, everything good about a song is on "Okay". Same with the strong tracks "Complicated", "Breathe", and others.  But after the song "Breathe", it goes all downhill. Yes, the first seven songs are the only good songs. Even the remix of "Okay" is weak, and the beat is annoying. The last seven songs are either awful 90's sound-alikes, or the beat is so bad it'll make you cringe, making the album 50/50 as the good and bad songs, hence the three star rating.  As for lyrics, most of them are basic, third-grade to fifth-grade lyrics. The ones you'd find on just about any R&B albums, basic lyrics like "...I love you", "will you love me?". Nothing special, and nothing to complain about.  Nivea has a nice, smooth voice, even better than Mariah Carey imo, but whoever produced songs 8-14 needs producing lessons, and shouldn't screw up Nivea's next album. As for now, Nivea's "Complicated" (just 8-14) will be used for background music (turn the msic down so you only hear the vocals), and tracks 1-7, are, well, just awesome, so "Complicated" will show up in my CD player often. Even though some tracks are bad, you should still purchase Nivea's "Complicated", because the good tracks are GOOD!  Nivea, keep doing your thing, and please, for whatever you worship please don't use any producers that produced tracks 8-14.  Replay Value: Medium Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: High Adult Appeal: Low     