 well, it's sort of a TH habit. They put all of these great songs at the beginning, then they put crap at the end.  1. Fat Joe featuring Ashanti- What's Luv A- Nice tune, but wasn't Ja Rule in this?  2. Tweet featuring Missy Elliot- Oops (Oh My) D Annoying, and a little immature. Just skip it.  3. P!NK- Get The Party Started A+ I love this song! But, it's not as good as the Now 9 remix.  4. Brandy- What About Us B+ Good song, but very forgettable.  5. Craig David- 7 Days B- Kinda generic. It's pretty good, but not one of my favs.  6. Fabolous- Young'n (Holla Back) A Ha Ha! Awesome! Still have that song in my head "...holla back young'n woo hoo..."  7. Outkast featuring Killer Mike- Whole World C- Annoying, and one of Outkast's worst yet. Not good. Skip it unless you really like Outkast.  8. Michelle Branch- Everywhere A I love this song, but it was so overplayed.  9. Calling- Wherever You Will Go A+ Very good song. One of my favs of the CD.  10. Default- Wasting My Time A+ WTF? How was this band a one hit wonder? Whatever, great song.  11. P.O.D.- Youth of The Nation C- I don't know why, but I like Slipknot much better than POD. I don't like this song. I always skip.  12. Alanis Morsette- Hands Clean C+ Ok, were getting to the 2nd half of the CD (where Totally Hits puts all of the crappy songs), so I'm not suprised by my last grade or this one. Trust me, anything by Alanis is better than this. Skip.  13. Natilie Imbruglia- Wrong Impression F Not a hit or a good song. Skip.  14. Jewel- Standing Still B+ Very good, but highly outdated. Should have been on TH 2001.  15. O-Town- We Fit Together F Yuck! Boy bands. Skip.  16. Faith Evans- I Love You D- I told you, were getting to the crappiest stuff on this CD. Skip.  17. Alicia Keys- A Woman's Worth D I love Alicia's work, but this is crap and makes no sense whatsoever. Skip.  18. Leann Rimes- Can't Fight the Moonlight (Remix) C- I love this song but the remix sucks. Probably skip.  19. Busta Rhymes featuring P. Diddy and Pharrel Willams- Pass The Courvorsier (Remix) D+ Once again, the remix sucks. Skip.  20. Jahiem featuring Next- Anything B- A little break from all of that 2nd half of TH crap. Good song from Jaheim, but not the true best.  Overall Grade C- Ooh, got hit hard with all those crappy 2nd half songs. If they weren't there this would have been a B+. But, the 2nd half crap had to lower the grade. Well, at least TH has been improving over time after TH 03, 04, and 04 vol #2.     