 1. My Band - D12 - It's a pretty good song, and the video makes you laugh. B+  2. Hey Ya! - Outkast - Much too old for this group (Now 15 material), but it's still a fun, catchy, and great song. A-  3. Naughty Girl - Beyonce - This is a pretty medicore song. Screeeeechy vocals. It has no point. Yuck. D  4. Move Ya Body - Nina Sky - Probably my favorite dance track of 2004. Though their vocals aren't that strong, it's still fun and very danceable. A  5. Dip It Low - Christina Milan - I just hated the Fabolous remix of this song, but on Now 16 they bring you the original version. I do like the melody and vocals, but the lyrics are NASTY! (PG-13). B+  6. Hey Mama - Black Eyed Peas - Basically the same direction of "Move Ya Body". Another great dance track. A+  7. Dude - Beennie Man - (same as "Hey Mama") A  8. Freek-A-Leek - Petey Pablo - Great rap song. One of my favs of the album. Great melody! A  9. Slow Motion - Juvenile - I don't know. I just didn't like it that much as other rap songs of Now 16. Not very good vocals, and doesn't flow well. But not the worst. C+  10. Leave (Get Out) - Jojo - I love this song, and I think JoJo has an awesome voice. A  11. One Call Away - Chingy - A bit old, but nonetheless an awesome tune. A-  12. Everytime - Britney Spears - The best ballad in a while ("My Immortal"). Awesome slow pop ballad that actually shows that Britney may actually be able to sing. A+   13. Take My Breath Away - Jessica Simpson - Another pop ballad, though this time it's medicore. What a horrible remake of a Berlin song! Jessica needs to stop remaking and pull out her lyrics book and start writing. D-  14. The Reason - Hoobastank - Nice rock song, and one of the biggest songs of 2004. A  15. Where Are We Runnin'? - Lenny Kravitz - Good song, but I wish it was longer and had more flavor. B+  16. Ocean Avenue - Yellowcard - Nice rock track from Yellowcard. A  17. Just Like You - Three Days Grace - No comment. F  18. Meant To Live - Switchfoot - It's good to see finally a good rock band besides Yellowcard and Story of the Year. Nice track and one of my favs of Now 16. A+  19. Heaven - Los Lonely Boys - I just don't like this song. It's basically a rock and country mix that was watered down or something. C-  20. Redneck Woman - Gretchen Wilson - No comment. F  The Good - D12, Outkast, Nina Sky, Christina Milian, Black Eyed Peas, Beenie Man, Petey Pablo, JoJo, Britney Spears, Hoobastank, Lenny Kravitz, Yellowcard, Switchfoot  The Bad - Juvenile, Los Lonely Boys  The Ugly - Beyonce, Jessica Simpson, Three Days Grace, Gretchen Wilson  Overall, Now 16 is one of the gems of the Now series and I recommend you to buy it if you like pop/rap/rock types of music during the summer of 2004.     