 Before even reading the reviews, I rented XXX 2: State Of The Union, because I saw the previews on TV and on my friends PSP Sampler Disc...and I wanted to watch it. For people not knowing what XXX is, it's not really XXX...it's an action film.  A majority of the low-started reviews could be caused by the fact that they saw the first one, and because that Vin Diesel was not in it. I never saw the first XXX, therefore I can not complain about why the sequel was bad, and just tell you what I thought as if this wasn't aa sequel, and I definitely think it's worth checking out.  Before I move on to the movie, let's break down some characters:  Darious Stone (Played by Ice Cube) - Darious is a reckful guy, who caused many fights and explosions, one with a general that got him 20 years in prison. Agent Gibbons needed a new XXX, Darious is perfect for that position, as getting some of the highest ranks in the Navy.  Agent Gibbons (Played by Samuel L. Jackson) - A major agent and part of the XXX. He's basically the captain of the XXX.  General Deckert (Played by Willem Dafoe) - XXX's worst enemy. He's planning on taking over America's capital, with his very dangerous splinter group.  Pres. James Sanford (Played by Peter Strauss) - Helps General Deckert  Kyle Steele (Played by Scott Speedman) - See James Sanford  Zeke (Played By "X to the Z" Xzibit) - Darious's homeboy. He decides not to help the XXX, but be there for Darious.  Charlie (Played by Sunny Mabrey) - General Deckert's daughter. She backstabs Darious into thinking she's in love with him.  Lola (Played by Nona Gaye) - Lola is a car designer how helped make a car for Darious that goes up to 240 mph for the XXX.  Plot -   Darious Stone, big troublemaker and sports fanatic, is asked from Agent Gibbous to be the new XXX, due to the first XXX dying. Darious thinks it sounds like a sex flick, but in reality, he's in for a true action packed adventure trying to stop General Deckert from destroying the goverment. Charlie, Deckert's daughter, is asked to help him. They together, along with a military splinter group, try to take over the government. Darious spies on the group, and finds out Charlie knows everything about the plan. He tricks Charlie, but Charlie tricks him back into a police force trap, and somehow ecsapes. Afterwards, Darious attacks the Capitol, and General Deckert escapes into a high-speed train. Lola's high-speed car helps him reach the train. When he enters, it's a battle between Deckert and Darious, and who wins decides if the XXX will last, and if the government will be ruined.  The movie really isn't bad at all. It's actually good. Ice Cube's performance wasn't the best, but Samuel L. Jackson was perfect in here, along with Willem Dafoe. The script could have been a little clearer, as some areas of the plot are dry. The movie does not pace at all, a big plus. The story was a little unbelievable, but it's still fiction.   Overall, even if the original XXX had a better script and plot, the sequel is still good enough to watch a few times. Recommended.  Replay Value: Medium Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: Medium Adult Appeal: Medium     