 Ok, obviously Rob Thomas is from the famous Alternative Rock band Matchbox Twenty. And, to tell you the truth, I was dissappointed with their last album, "More Than You Think You Are", adding lots of filler and making it a "Diesase".  When I first heard "Real World" from back in the day, I knew right away these guys had talent, especially Rob Thomas, their lead singer. So all I have to say right now is...alright, what the heck?  "Lonely No More" truly never inspired me at all. I thought the instruments were bland and boring, and Rob Thomas's singing was not at the same standards as earlier works. So, I was hoping for better songs on "Something to Be". And what do you know, I got spanked and didn't even feel it.  The CD starts off with "This Is How A Heart Breaks", which is supposely the second single, but haven't honestly found out. The song has an average voice, nothing truly exceptional. The song as a whole is weird, with some kind of dance or techno in it, completely screwing things up. The CD then follows with "Lonely No More".  Then "Ever The Same" gave me some hope that the rest of album didn't have any filler or bad songs like the last two. "Ever The Same" is a nice tune, good melody, and a soothing voice. And soft bass guitars fill the song. Sadly...everything goes mostly downhill from here, making this song the best.  "I Am An Illusion" is basically a copy of the chorus of "This Is How A Heart Breaks". Techno/Dance thing that just doesn't work.  "When The Heartache Ends" "My, My, My" and "Now Comes The Night" almost put me to sleep. With barely any instruments to keep the song fulfilling. What is this, Nick Lachey?  "Something to Be" was okay, but nothing too exceptional. The melody was okay, but the voice was just awful.  "All That I Am" and "Problem Girl" are tied by the worst song on the CD. It seems like Rob Thomas is doing some kind of Phil Collins imitation, and this is not a good thing. Hopefully this is not what his something is to be. To explain the songs better, they both sound the same, have awful vocals like someone is plugging their nose, and the instruments, beats, and melodys are pathetic.  "Streetcorner Symphony" reminds me of a CD...oh yeah, Gavin DeGraw's "Chariot"! Another artist imitation. Though, this one isn't that bad. It does have a nice melody, like Gavin DeGraw, but is lacking the voice that is used to make the song fun.  I do give Rob Thomas credit for writing his songs, and for dedicating it to his wife, and a few good songs, but otherwise, "Something To Be" doesn't cut up all the way to three stars. I would only recommend this if your an extreme fan, otherwise, pick up something worth having.  Replay Value: Closet Storage Child Appeal: Low Teen Appeal: Medium Adult Appeal: High     