 I listened to this album after hearing "Laffy Taffy", and I pretty much got what I expected.  The CD starts with "Bankhead". Most people who enjoyed the wack beats on 50 Cent's "The Massacre" should enjoy the beat. Otherwise, it sounds like it was thrown together in minutes. The single "Laffy Taffy" sure has a good beat, but the lyrics are below 2nd grade, and trying to be the next Ying Yang Twins with the lyrics. Repeating of "Shake that laffy taffy" and using candy names for editing...just does not work. If you could lower the quality of Trick Daddy's "Sugar", you'll get "Laffy Taffy". "What Can U Do?" made me wanna find D4L and seriously ask them that. The beat is laughable at best, seems like they put it together with a Casio keyboard. The lyrics..."I can do it with no hands, I can do it with toes".....the lyrics are pretty much laughable. "Stuntman" has an okay dance beat but it's definitely nothing original. It's mainly about how much money D4L has and they think we are interested. "Do It Like Me Baby" had better be the next single, considering I can't stand any of the other songs to be played by the radio. The beat is pretty good, while not original, it's fun to dance too. The lyrics are third-grade and nothing rememberable. "Front Street" is very laughable. The beat is once again low-quality and has absoultely no substance whatsoever. Now, I thought at this point the lyrics were wack...but I couldn't believe them when they said "Haters can't pull a car on me.". "Scotty" has a good beat but the lyrics are literally laughable, "I'm starting to see spaceships on Bankhead"...tell me you didn't laugh (lie to me if you have to). "Betcha Can't Do It Like Me" has the exact same beat as "Laffy Taffy" and no I am not joking. Again, more bragging about how much money they have and how they are better than everyone else. The rest of the CD isn't even worth talking about it's so horrendus. The beat are all unoriginal, lacking in any flavor, and done using no creativity. The lyrics are laughable and these people can NOT write for their lives. This is by far 2005's worst release. 1 star.     