 I recently bought and returned the YH925GS. Not only did it not have an FM tuner (didn't care that much), but adding, modifying, and deleting files was becoming a BIG pain.   The MP3 player is pretty slim, even though it's not the slimmest one you can buy, it's light so if you like jogging with it or excersising you'll barely notice it. Like all 20 GB MP3 players, you can store 5,000 songs (approx. 400 CDs). The controls look strange at first, but actually, all you need to control is the touchpad. There are also arrows for them most easy navigation. You'll notice that it's easier to use than most MP3 players on the market today. The battery life is 16 hours. Some of today's players have more than 20 hours, but I guess 16 is okay.   The player also comes with a 1.8" LCD screen, and more colors than a computer so your photos will look of professional quality. On this player, something that most if not all players can't do, is view .txt files. This is a really cool feature. You can store lyrics or essays in Notepad, then transfer them into the player. This is a VERY cool feature that I will be using more often.   The sound is really good. It doesn't have WOW features that most MP3 players have, but it has a very decent equalizer. The sound isn't distored at all, and I'm suprised about this.   The player also comes with recordings and FM tuning. THe microphone can pick up voice pretty far, and the FM tuner is quite good too. There are also 20-preset stations for your tuner. And listen to this one, you can rip off of the radio. How cool is that? Say your listen to the radio, and you hear this hot new track that is so good, you can just press record, and you can listen to it whenever you want. It's not that other players don't do this, it's that this is the 1 of 2 players that has the fantasic combination of 20 GB, Radio, and Recording. (the iAudio X5 is the other player that has this...I didn't buy it because it doesn't allow you to change track settings, WTF?)   It's also PlaysForSure compatible, but to use WMP 10, you have to download the drivers from the iRiver website. Unless you have a lot of music on WMP, I would just stick to the drag-n-drop. It's not just drag-n-drop (e.g. My Computer, iRiver) or WMP 10 that's compatable. RealPlayer is compatable, and Napster is too (but I think Napster sucks). To put photos on your MP3 player, you can use the manual drag-n-drop. As a matter of fact, the My Computer>iRiver method is probably the best. I have no reason why you would want/need WMP 10 or Real to manage music. Though, I guess to have further options, you would need it. But otherwise, it's VERY easy to add tracks since you can drag-n-drop. But remember, if you can't get Windows to understand the H10, you'll need to go to iRiver's website and download the new drivers. I wish they would give you the drivers beforehand, because some people with computers may not have internet.   Overall, if you want the great combination of 20 GB, WMA and MP3, Recording, Drag-N-Drop (no hassle with WMP or Real), and FM radio, you just HAVE to have the H10.      