 Short review: This is a superb set. If you love:  jazz, Brubeck, any one of the quartet members, superb musicianship, great drumming, great piano jazz, beautiful bass tone, beautiful alto sax tone... then buy this set  Long review: I came to jazz late and discovered Time Out around 1995.  I loved it.  Till now I thought that was all there was this quartet produced (I admit I was ignorant).  I fell in love with the bold experimentation of this group, and as a bassist myself I was inspired by Eugene Wright's bass sound.  Fast forward to 2004 and lo and behold, I discover this boxed set.  My favorite jazz quartet playing with time... it was like discovering "lost" tunes by a favorite band and I couldn't resist purchasing it.  Its been several days now and I am thrilled with it.    Several people have commented on the packaging being subpar.  This may be true when compared to Columbia's Miles Davis sets which I don't own, but I happen to think the packaging is excellent. In particular I feel there is a unity to this set that must be rare in the history of jazz. Allow me to eloborate: 1) The same band was used for the entire set 2) The same (superb) recording studio was used (the famed NY 30th street), 3) The same exciting experimentation is used throughout the set, 3) The same producer was used (probably the most respected in jazz - Teo Macero), 4) The same engineer was available (and a top notch one at that! - Fred Plaut), 5) The same reissue director was used, 6) All tracks were remastered to greater than a CD's 16-bit sound quality (most are 24bits, the rest are 20... not sure it matters beyond 16bits but suffice it to say that it sound very good!), 7) The compositions are excellent working both as "background music" and music you can listen to in a trance-like state, 8) The CDs all have the same "look" - clear CD cases with original liner notes and additional notes from Brubeck, and 9) the cost is reasonable for 5 CDs.  I was afraid that this was going to be "Time Out" plus filler albums, but I assure you this is NOT the case.  Time Out was the first album and not necessarily the best (at the moment I am partial to "Time in Outer Space" and "Time Explorations").  I don't know what else to say, I plan on listening to this for the rest of my life and am grateful that Columbia had the foresight to release this set.  Do yourself a favor and buy this boxed set.     