 Paul Johnson is a British journalist who also is an amateur historian.  In this book he sets out to write a comprehensive history of the US; however, his book is marred by serious shortcomings. The most obvious failing of  this book is its abundance of factual errors.  Previous reviewers have  noted whoppers like Johnson's conflation of Civil War Gens. Joseph and  Albert Sidney Johnston.  Such errors abound throughout.  Opening at random  to the description of the Constitutional Convention, I quickly found  Johnson erroneously describing Alexander Hamilton as "leading the  federalists" during the convention; in fact Hamilton was absent from  much of the convention and had little influence on its outcome.  In the  same account Gouvernor Morris of Pennsylvania is misidentified as a  delegate from New York. It is true that in a book of such length and  scope, even a professional historian could make errors, but the number of  Johnson's mistakes and the ease with which many of them could have been  avoided suggests that he did much of his writing and research  sloppily. While the factual errors are the most apparent flaw in AHotAP,  other shortcomings are more serious.  Johnson repeatedly displays poor  judgement in choosing which events to emphasize.  He discusses minor issues  and events at great length while giving short shrift to much more important  topics. For example, writing about the Civil War, Johnson gives much  attention to the actions of Col. John Mosby, an irregular cavalry leader  who had little effect on the course of the war, while giving much less  space to Grant's campaigns in the West from Fort Henry to Vicksburg, which  were extremely important, and in some historians' view decisive. Turning  to the post WW2 era, Johnson repeatedly trivializes major social movements,  while magnifying trivial issues.  The environmental movement gets a mere  two paragraphs, and these merely to lament that it "added to  [America's] problems of competing in the world."  The environmental  degradation which gave rise to the movement is barely noted.  But Johnson  has time to run on for pages about the "political correctness"  issue, a teapot tempest manufactured by right-wing pundits. The civil  rights movement fares a bit better--the entire period from the Montgomery  bus boycott to Martin Luther King's murder gets a whopping two pages.  Even  so, the focus is almost entirely on King; Malcolm X, for example, an  important and complex figure, is summarily, and inaccurately, dismissed as  a "black racist."  People like Fannie Lou Hamer are non-persons  in Johnson's account.  But he has space for a rhapsody of several pages on  the "power" of Ronald Reagan's humor (humor that was in most  cases, like the "there you go again" quip made much of by  Johnson, scripted by the Gipper's aides). A third weakness is the  incompleteness of Johnson's research.  On many subjects, his notes reveal a  failure to consult major, standard works on the topic.  For example, no  serious treatment of the rise of giant corporations can ignore the books of  Alfred Chandler.  No one could fairly criticize the foreign policy of FDR,  as Johnson does, without at least consulting the standard works on that  topic by Dallek and Divine.  And any treatment of the Cold War worthy of  serious attention must at least take into account the arguments of  revisionist historians like Williams, Kolko, Gardner and Alperovitz.  Yet  Johnson appears never to have read any of their work. Of all AHotAP's  faults, the most glaring are Johnson's dubious interpretations and  judgements.  Events are frequently viewed through an ideological filter,  leading Johnson to conclusions that are almost impossible to justify  rationally.  The Great Depression, for example, would have ended, according  to Johnson, by the end of 1930, had the government not interfered with the  "self-adjusting" abilities of the economy (self-adjusting  abilities which even conservative economists like Milton Friedman now admit  do not exist).  Prior to the civil rights movement, Johnson tells us,  "blacks had failed to participate fully in American political  life," as if blacks were not voting by choice, not because a mix of  law and terror prevented them. Johnson's most warped judgements, which  border on hysteria, concern President Nixon and his crimes--crimes which in  Johnson's view were, as he says of the "plumbers" illegal acts,  "activities of an entirely justified nature."  Watergate is  portrayed as an effort by evil liberal "witchhunters" to drive a  good man from office; Nixon's central impeachable offense, that of  obstruction of justice, goes entirely unmentioned.  Also absent is the  famous "smoking gun tape," which proved that Nixon was complicit  in the Wagergate coverup from the start, and by providing such proof,  caused most Senate Republicans to turn against Nixon, and caused Nixon to  resign in the face of certain conviction and removal from office.  Johnson  simply pretends that this sequence of events never happened, and  misrepresents Nixon as resigning "in the national interest" even  though, as Johnson distorts it, he would not have been convicted. This  book's shrill, tendentious nature make it entirely unsuited as an  introduction to US history, and to anyone with knowledge of the subject, as  I have, it is often genuinely painful to read.  Doubtless many  conservatives will find it congenial reading, since it tells them things  they want to hear (the previous reviewer who acknowledged how glad he was  to see a book that trashed FDR was tacitly admitting this).  But a  historian's job is not to comfort his readers in their prejudices, but to  respect the truth and present the truth as best he can.  Paul Johnson fails  completely at this task.     