 One of Agatha Christie's best novels has been transformed into perhaps the best feature film based on her works.  Of the six I have seen, only the 1945 version of "And Then There Were None" rivals this one. After a newsreel style montage descrbing a kidnapping, based on the Lindbergh case, which is backstory for the film, we open in Istanbul.  A group of passengers board the famous Orient Express for a journey across Europe to Calais.  On board, among others, are a railway executive, Bianchi, and his friend Hercule Poirot, the famous Belgian (don't call him French) detective.  Also on board are an American businessman, Mr. Ratchett, and his secretary and valet, as well as about 10 other passengers.  One night, the train is forced to stop by a snowstorm, and the next morning, Mr. Ratchett is discovered murdered in his berth.  Bianchi persuades Poirot to determine who has killed him, and the real story begins... As Poirot, Albert Finney is the center of this film.  While his Poirot may be jarring to those used to David Suchet in the BBC series--Finney is far more animated, even histrionic--he nevertheless conveys the character's intellect, and his ego, quite ably.  Finney is superb in the extended final scene, where Poirot reconstructs the murder. The supporting cast is glittering, and generally very strong.  Ingrid Bergman won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress, although her role is actually fairly small.  Lauren Bacall has the meatiest role aside from Poirot, and she is in splendid form.  Vanessa Redgrave, despite having only minimal dialogue, makes a very strong impression, while John Gielgud and Wendy Hiller are nearly as fine.  Only Anthony Perkins, somewhat miscast and stammering through his lines, and Michael York, whose accent, ostensibly Hungarian, comes and goes, fall short of the high standards of their costars. Richard Rodney Bennet's score is very nice, and well matched to the action, and the opening scenes, before the action closes in on the snowed-in train, are visually beautiful.  While the pace may be a bit slow for those accustomed to action films in the "Lethal Weapon" style, I encourage everyone to give "Murder on the Orient Express" a try.     