 Elliott Currie doesn't seem to understand that you aren't supposed to approach the issue of crime by actually thinking about it and looking at the evidence.  These days crime policy is increasingly  monotone--a  one-note cry of "get tough."  When crime fails to vanish like the  "get tough" proponents claim it will, the cry simply becomes  "get tougher."  So we get the death penalty for more and more  crimes, "three-strikes" laws to give life sentences for all sorts  of offenses, huge numbers of people imprisoned solely for posession of  drugs, and states like California spending more on their prison system than  on their impoverished colleges and universities. Anyone who reads Elliott  Curries book will find that these policies do not have a leg to stand on  intellectually.  Currie begins by reviewing what he calls our "prison  experiment."  For some 30 years we have taken the "get  tough" approach, over which time we have increased the prison  population by a factor of about six.  Over this time, the level of crime  has changed little, as Currie amply demonstrates. Currie then goes on to  demolish what he calls "prison myths," a whole set of factoids  about crime and the justice system that are put out by right-wing  ideologues like John DiIulio, Charles Murray and Morgan Reynolds, and  spread by pundits and politicians like William Bennett, Phil Gramm, and  Newt Gingrich.  To give one example, Currie shows how Reynolds concocts his  claim that robbers serve an average prison sentence of 23 days (the actual  figure is over 4 years).  What Reynolds does is divide the time served by  convicted robbers by the total number of roberies in a year.   Reynolds  ignores simple facts: over half of all robberies are not reported to  police, many that are reported are not solved, and many robbers commit more  than one crime.  The result is a meaningless statistic.  While Currie is  too well-mannered to say it, it is obvious why Reynolds and his like  manipulate the data the way they do--they are intentionally deceiving  people. If Currie had done no more than debunk the "get tough"  approach, his book would be worthy of five stars for that alone.  But the  second half of his book is even more revealing.  Currie has made a  comprehensive review of solid research on all kinds of social policy.  What  he reveals is dramatic--we know what kinds of policies will reduce  crime. Currie describes a whole set of policies that have been shown,  with hard evidence, to be effective.  A few examples will convey the type  of policies that are needed:     -"Home visiting" programs that  provide support for low-income parents with infants and young children in  the form of regular visits from nurses.  Such programs are proven to be  effective in reducing child abuse and neglect, which are long-term causes  of crime.      -Intensive mentoring programs for juveniles with criminal  records, which involve having caseworkers or therapists meet several times  weekly with the juveniles for an extended period.  Juveniles in such  programs had much lower rearrest rates than other juveniles with similar  records      -Effective drug treatment programs for the 50-60 percent of  inmates with drug problems.  Again, inmates who complete such programs are  far less likely to commit future crimes.  The need is to make such programs  available to all inmates who need them, not just a handful. Currie also  demonstrates conclusively that poverty and income inequality are major  contributors to crime, and that an effective attach on poverty will  significantly contribute to reducing crime. The evidence Currie cites is  so overwhelming that it raises the question of why policies like those he  advocates are not in place.  The conclusion I am forced to is that  politicians like Bennett and "get tough" proponents like DiIulio  and Reynolds do not really want to solve the crime problem.  They want to  keep people scared to get their political support.     