 I get a bit of a chuckle seeing the previous reviews that claim Rainbow  Six as Tom Clancy's best novel ever.  In fact, he has never equalled his  first novel, The Hunt for Red October, although Patriot Games and Cardinal  of the Kremlin were quite good. To summarize briefly, Rainbow Six is  Clancy's ninth novel in what I call the Ryanverse.  Jack Ryan is not a  character in this novel, although he is alluded to.  The plot centers  around longtime CIA agent John Clark, the hero of Without Remorse and a  major character in other novels.  In this novel, Clark becomes the head of  Rainbow, an elite, multinational antiterrorist unit.  A group of radical  environmentalists plot to unleash a deadly virus  and kill off all human  life, and the Rainbow team must uncover their plan and stop them.  There  are lots of set-piece action scenes along the way. Rainbow Six represents  an improvement over Clancy's last novel, Executive Orders, in a couple of  respects.  First, Jack Ryan is offstage.  Ryan's possibilities as a  plausible character were pretty much exhausted by the end of The Sum of All  Fears, and since then the Ryan novels have become less and less believable.   Second, the plot is more focused around a single story, rather than the  multiple plot-lines of the last novel.  Unfortunately, these plusses are  more than offset by several serious weaknesses. The strength of Clancy's  best novels was in their combination of seat-clutching suspense and  technical realism (or at least the apearance thereof).  In Rainbow Six,  however, there are signs that Clancy's techincal mastery is slipping.  His  unawareness that the seasons are reversed in the Southern Hemisphere is  laughable, and other reviewers here have noted several technical details  that Clancy gets wrong. Rainbow Six also displays many of the other  weaknesses that have increasingly plagued the Ryan novels.  Once again, we  get a tiresome dose of Clancy's right-wing political views.  In this book  we she what he thinks of environmentalists--to a man, they are portrayed as  wackos who subscribe to views that sound like a wild caricature of the deep  ecology movement.  Clancy simply has no idea of what real environmentalists  believe or of the diversity of beliefs across the environmental movement.   We also see Clancy's continuing tendency to recycle plot elements  from  previous novels.  The bioterrorism plot in Rainbow Six is just a rehash of  the almost identical caper from Executive Orders.  We also get at least the  fourth rehash of the "terrorist  threat to loved ones of the  heroes" scenario.  When Clancy first used this storyline, in Patriot  Games, it made sense within the development of the story.  Now it's just a  way to slip another action scene in. In short, Rainbow Six is for diehard  Clancy fans only.     