 The 1970's were the great decade of "all star" movies with casts filled with glittering names.  After the success of 1974's "Murder on the Orient Express," it was inevitable that further films based on Agatha Christie's works would follow, of which this was the first.   As "Death on the Nile" opens, we meet Linnet Ridgeway--young, beautiful, rich, and single--shortly before she meets Simon Doyle, the fiance of her good friend Jackie de Bellefort.  We soon see Simon on honeymoon--with Linnet, not Jackie.  Simon and Linnet board a steamer for a cruise down the Nile, along with several other passengers--including Jackie, who has been tracking the newlyweds on their honeymoon, and who seems to have gone over the edge in her jealousy and anger. Also on board are the famous detective Hercule Poirot, and his old friend Col. Johnny Race of the British Secret Service.  And a good thing, too.  Late one night, Jackie, in a fit of hysteria, shoots and wounds Simon, and is then taken to her cabin and sedated.  The next morning, Linnet is found shot to death in her cabin.  Jackie would be the obvious suspect, but she couldn't possibly have done it.  And so the great Hercule Poirot has another complex case to unravel... "Death on the Nile" is one of Christie's very best novels, and even with a simplified plot--fans of the novel will not the absence of several characters and at least two sizable subplots--the natural strength of the source material makes for a very enjoyable movie.  It falls short of the very top because of some unsatisfactory casting.  Peter Ustinov is no more than an adequate Poirot, falling short of either Albert Finney or David Suchet.  At times he seems to rely largely on his eavesdropping talents, not his "little grey cells."  Nor is David Niven a good choice for Col. Race--he is too dapper and elegant to portray Christie's "man of unadvertised comings and goings." However, the supporting cast is quite strong.  Mia Farrow, as Jackie, gives the standout performance.  Lois Chiles, best remembered today as a Bond Girl, didn't have great range as an actress, but the lovely ex-model had the right personality for the arrogant Linnet.  Bette Davis and Angela Lansbury also stand out. The film won an Oscar for best costumes.  Nino Rota contributed an atmospheric score, and John Guillermin directs ably.  The Egyptian locations--most of the film was shot there--provide a stunning backdrop. On the whole, this is a very enjoyable movie.  It is clearly the best of Peter Ustinov's several outings in the role of Poirot.     