 "My Darling Clementine" has to rank as one of John Ford's three or four finest films, as well as one of Henry Fonda's finest performances.  It is only incidentally about the Gunfight at the OK Corral--rather than attempt a factual retelling of the gunfight, Ford uses the story of the Earps, Doc Holliday, and the Clantons to illustrate the sacrifices that have to be made in order for the West to be civilized. This theme of sacrifice runs through many of Ford's Westerns--see also "Wagonmaster" and "The Searchers," for example.  In order for the malevolent lawlessness symbolized by the Clantons to be driven out, there are some others, not malevolent themselves, who are nevertheless doomed by their inability to adapt to civilization (Doc Holliday).  Wyatt represents those who must give up something they love--any hope of a future with Clementine Carter--in order to continue doing things that need doing. As previous reviewers have noted, Ford's account is a far cry from the historical events of the OK Corral gunfight.  His biggest alteration of history is to change the relationship between Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday from friendship to antagonism that is somewhat softened by mutual respect, and eventually evolves into alliance.  The genuine tension between Wyatt and Doc strengthens the film. The cast is very strong.  Henry Fonda's performance as Wyatt is magnificent.  Walter Brennan is equally superb as the malevolent Old Man Clanton, while Victor Mature's consumptive Doc Holliday is, if not memorable, very competent.  A number of Ford regulars such as Ward Bond, Russell Simpson, and Jane Darwell provide solid support.  The awkward slapstick humor of some of Ford's other films is not a big factor in this one, which is another plus. Ford was the master of filming outdoor pictures in black and white.  Several scenes, such as the dance at the church, are visually stunning. Of the half dozen or more films about the OK Corral gunfight, this is by far the finest, with "Tombstone" a respectable, but distant second.  I highly recommend it to all.     