 This pair of films is almost certainly the finest film version not only of The Three Musketeers, but of any of Dumas' novels.  While it may not be truly "great," it is superbly made and one (or rather two) of the most enjoyable films I have ever seen.  Under Richard Lester's direction, it is a light-hearted adventure story, but with enough genuine edge for those who demand some dramatic tension.  George MacDonald Fraser's screenplay (full of clever, sharp dialogue) sticks much closer to the Dumas original than do other adaptations of The Three Musketeers, most of which transform the story into a standard good guys vs. bad guys plot with little more substance than the average B-Western (e.g., the more recent, one-step-above-awful Sutherland/Sheen/O'Donnell version).  The Lester/Fraser version is essentially about four friends trying to survive and be true to each other (and, oh yes, to enjoy life along the way) while getting caught up in the neverending intrigues of the court of Louis XIII of France.  The Musketeers are not conventional heroes, and with the partial exception of Milady, their opponents are not conventional villains.  Besides superb direction and a great script, these films have a fantastic cast.  All of the Musketeers come across as sharply drawn individuals.  Michael York is a very suitably nave, impetuous D'Artagnan.  Richard Chamberlain makes a perfectly suave and sophisticated Aramis, the future priest, and his foil Porthos is brought to boastful but good-hearted life by Frank Finlay.  Best of all is Oliver Reed's melancholy Athos, who gives the film some of the "edge" I spoke of above.  Two other cast members give performances as good as anything they have ever done.  Charlton Heston is a tremendous Cardinal Richelieu, subtle, intelligent, ever-scheming, but capable of taking a temporary setback with good grace.  Raquel Welch may have given the finest performance of her career as D'Artagnan's lady-love, Constance, the queen's lovely but accident-prone dressmaker.  Richelieu is ably served by Christopher Lee as a rugged, dangerous Rochefort and by Faye Dunaway as a ruthless Milady.  The intelligent actor Jean-Pierre Cassel portrays the near-idiot Louis XIII very well, while Geraldine Chaplin succeeds in winning some of our sympathy for the selfish and spoiled Anne of Austria, his queen.  Rounding out this impressive case are Roy Kinnear as Planchet, D'Artagnan's servant, Spike Milligan as Constance's husband, and Simon Ward as the Duke of Buckingham.  One of the best things about this pair of films is the quality of the fight scenes.  They combine a high level of excitement with a very realistic feel.  One noteworthy touch is that each of the Musketeers shows an individual fighting style--e.g., D'Artagnan is a whirlwind of speed, while the older Athos fights more of a battle of attrition, wearing his opponent down.  Another plus is that each fight scene has its own clear identity--they never seem repetitive.  Like the fight scenes, the overall look of the film seems authentic.  I am no expert on 17th century France to truly judge, but the sets and costumes give a great appearance of realism.  Each film has a separate score, the first by Michel Legrand (with a bit borrowed from Giuseppe Verdi), the second by Lalo Schifrin.  Both are quite effective.  The DVD offers the choice of either the full-screen or wide-screen versions.  Even on a modest sized 20-inch TV, I preferred the latter.  The primary extra is a featurette titled "The Saga of the Musketeers."  Appropriately, given that the originally intended one film was split into two features, the featurette is split into two parts, one on each disc.  It is very good, with interviews with co-producer Ilya Salkind and several cast members-York, Welch, Finlay, Heston and Lee, as I recall.  One nice element is a sort of "in memoriam" segment saluting cast members Oliver Reed, Roy Kinnear and Spike Milligan, all of whom died before the release of the DVD.  For some 40 years, from classics like "The Prisoner of Zenda" and "The Sea Hawk" down through John Huston's "The Man Who Would Be King," Hollywood turned out great adventure films that had more to offer than just special effects and slam-bang action set-pieces.  Although the Salkind Musketeers films were not Hollywood productions, they are worthy to stand among the very best films in that tradition.     