 John Lott's provocatively titled "More Guns: Less Crime" has attracted enormous media attention and has become a powerful rhetorical weapon in the hands of  gun control opponents.  However, his work is marred by poor statistical analysis and sloppy reasoning, and should not be a basis for public policy. Lott argues that if most adult Americans were able to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon in public, violent crime would fall.  His reasoning is that criminals are calculating people who sit down and work out the benefits and costs of a potential criminal act; therefore, if they know that potential victims are likely to be carrying guns, they will be deterred from committing crimes against persons, and will switch to committing property crimes where they are less likely to encounter an armed victim.  Lott then presents some extensive statistical analysis purporting to show that when jurisdictions around the US pass "shall issue" laws that enable most adults to carry concealed weapons in public, violent crime falls in those jurisdictions. There are errors both in Lott's reasoning and in his statistical analysis.  Even those lacking the technical training to evaluate the latter can see the error in the former.  Lott looks at criminals from the perspective of the neoclassical economist, viewing people as always rational--they always act in their own self-interest, carefully weighing the costs and benefits of any possible action. But anyone familiar with violent crime knows that much of it is extremely impulsive.  For example, nearly half of all murders take place as a result of arguments or brawls, situations where people are hardly taking rational account of costs and benefits of their actions. Turning to Lott's evidence, you see that he tries to calculate the effect of passing "shall-issue" type laws on crime by using data from every county in the US to conduct what is called a multivariate regression analysis--a technique used by social scientists to analyze complex sets of data.  It is this regression analysis that is the basis for the "more guns, less crime" conclusion.  Such conclusions, however, are valid only if the analysis they are based on is valid, and there are several problems with Lott's analysis, three of which I want to outline.      1. The Robbery Problem.  Lott is studying the effects of "shall-issue" laws, which affect the ability of people to carry guns in public, not to have them in their homes.  Logically, the greatest impact of these laws should be on robbery, which of the four main categories of violent crimes (the others are murder, rape and assault) is the most likely to occur away from the home in a public place, and which is also the most likely to occur as a result of advance planning.  In fact, Lott finds that the impact of shall-issue laws on robbery rates is far smaller than on other violent crimes.  This result is inconsistent with the deterrence theory he is proposing and suggests that there is something seriously wrong with his statistical analysis. 2.  The Adult/Juvenile Homicide Problem.  Lott's analysis makes no distinction between murders of adults and juveniles.  His logic, however, suggests that the effect of shall-issue laws should be greater on adult homicides than on juvenile homicides.  Since the laws allow adults only to carry concealed weapons, from the criminal's viewpoint, any adult is potentially defended, but juveniles are protected only when in the company of adults.  However, when Professor Jens Ludwig redid Lott's analysis looking at adult and juvenile homicides separately, he found that shall-issue laws lead to an increase in adult homicides. 3.  The Stranger Homicide Problem.  A similar problem exists when homicides are broken down by the relation of offender and victim.  Lott's logic suggests that "shall issue" laws should have a greater effect on "stranger" homicides, than on homicides where offender and victim are related, because someone intending to kill a family member will likely know whether their victim is armed, while someone killing a perfect stranger will not.   But Albert Alschuler has found that this is not the case; once again, the data contradict Lott's logic. It is true, as Lott's defenders will protest, that he attempts to respond in his book to some of these criticisms as well as others that I did not have space to review.  However, like his analysis, his counterarguments are unconvincing.  For example, on the adult/juvenile issue, he merely argues that juveniles are protected by the presence of adults in public, ignoring the fact that, as I noted, juveniles are protected only when in the company of a (potentially armed) adult, while adults are protected all the time. Readers may ask why, if Lott's work is so badly flawed, have so many people accepted it.  Part of the reason seems to me to be the psychological effect it has on gun control opponents.  The strongest argument in favor of gun control is, clearly, that it would save countless lives.  Lott's book allows opponents of gun control to pose as the true "life-savers," enabling them to feel better about themselves.  This attitude can be detected in many of the favorable reviews of Lott's book posted here.     