 In "The Bible Unearthed," Israel Finkelstein and Neil Silberman display a rare talent among scholars--the ability to make specialized research accessible to a general audience.  In this book the authors reveal how recent archaeological research forces  us to reconsider the historical account woven into the Hebrew Bible.  Among the conclusions they draw are: 1) The tales of patriarchs such as Abraham are largely legends composed long after the time in which they supposedly took place.  This is seen in anachronisms such as the use of camels, not domesticated in the Near East until nearly 1000 years after Abraham's time, in many of the stories. 2) There is good reason to believe that the Exodus never happened.  Had migrants to the number of even a small fraction of the 600,000 claimed in the Bible truly sojourned in the Sinai Peninsula for 40 years, archaeological evidence of their passage would be abundant.  In fact, there are no traces of any signifant group living in the Sinai at the supposed time of the Exodus. 3) The Israelite "conquest" of Canaan, such as there was, was far from the military invasion of the books of Joshua and Judges.  Many of the cities described as being conquered and destroyed did not even exist at the time, while those that did were small, unfortified villages, with no walls to be brought down, by blowing trumpets or otherwise. 4) While there is evidence that a historical David existed, and founded some sort of ruling dynasty known by his name, there is good reason to believe that he did not rule over the powerful united monarchy described in II Samuel.  One reason for doubt: Jerusalem, portrayed as the great capital of a prosperous nation, was during the time of David little more than a village. 5) Neither Israel nor Judah emerged as organized kingdoms until significantly after the supposed period of the united monarchy.  Israel does not appear as a recognizable kingdom until the time of the Omrides of the 9th century BCE, while Judah does not appear as such until the late 8th century BCE, at the time of kings Ahaz and Hezekiah. Along with their revision of the biblical account of history, Finkelstein and Silberman attempt to explain the origins of the Hebrew Bible, suggesting that the composition of much of the Bible can be tied to the religious agenda of King Josiah of Judah during the late 7th century BCE.  While the origins of the Bible will never be known with certainty--there simply isn't enough evidence--Finkelstein and Silberman definitely provide a plausible interpretation. The authors, as I noted above, do a superb job of making their work understandable to non-specialists; since even college history majors often don't study the ancient Near East, they take care to include sufficient background information for the reader to understand the context of their account.  Anyone with an interest in the subject will find "The Bible Unearthed" to be fascinating reading.  And anyone who thinks the Bible is an accurate history book should definitely read it.     