 Phillip Johnson is a law professor at UC Berkeley and an evangelical  Christian who has stated publicly that his conversion to Christianity was  what motivated him to make a crusade out of trying to discredit the science  of evolution.  His arguments in this book are clever, and appealing to  those who have no background in the natural sciences, but they are unsound  and invalid, and anyone with sufficient training can see the gaping holes  in them. Johnson is far more clever than most creationists, so he has the  sense to disavow some of the wackier  claims of the Duane Gish-Henry Morris  crowd, like  dinosaurs coexisting with humans or a universe that is only  6000 years old.  He also comes up with a clever way to get around his  complete lack of scientific training.  He argues that since evolution cuts  across many scientific disciplines,  scientists, who tend to specialize in  one discipline, are not the best equipped people to analyze evolution--a  layman like himself can do better.  Sound plausible?  Imagine if we applied  the same logic to law.  I could argue that since constitutional law covers  cases in a variety of areas of law, while lawyers tend to specialize in one  area, the best qualified person to teach constitutional law is someone with  no knowledge of the law.  Such an argument is no weaker than the claim that  a law professor with no training in science is the best person to critique  evolution. Johnson's other arguments follow the same  pattern--superficially plausible, but invalid once you take them apart. His  central argument is that belief in evolution is not scientific--it is just  as religious as creationism.  He claims that since scientists rule out  supernatural causes when they study natural phenomena, the scientists are  in fact adhering to a religious belief in "naturalism."  In fact,  scientists confine themselves to natural explanations, not because they are  arbitrarily ruling out the supernatural for "religious" reasons,  but because supernatural explanations are inherently untestable and  unfalsifiable, and scientists must confine themselves to claims and  explanations that can be proven false. Imagine, once again, that we  turned Johnson's reasoning around and applied it to law--suppose we allowed  supernatural claims into courts of law.  "Judge Ito, members of the  jury, it is true that my client O.J.'s blood was found at the scene of the  murder, but he was not responsible for the crimes, because he was posessed  by a demon on that evening and had no control over his body.  Since the  devil did it, you must acquit."  Johnson and his fellow conservatives  (creationist beliefs are almost entirely confined to the right wing) would  be outraged. While Johnson has disavowed any belief in the extreme views  of the young earth crowd, it is astonishing how many of his arguments are  right out of Gish and Morris.  He claims that the fossil record does not  support evolution (False. See any paleontology text or the talk.orgins  FAQ).  He claims that evolution is not falsifiable (False.  For example, it  would be falsified by findings of modern mammal fossils in PreCambrian rock  formations). Finally, Johnson displays a disturbing intellectual  dishonesty when presenting the arguments of the scientists he criticizes.   For example, he characterizes Richard Dawkins' "the Blind  Watchmaker," one of the best books on evolution for laymen, as "a  sustained argument for atheism" which is only incidentally about  science.  Johnson supports his claim with one out of context quote.  Anyone  who has read Dawkins' book knows how badly Johnson distorts it, but  Johnson's book is aimed at an audience that has not read Dawkins or other  scientists, so few of his readers will realize how dishonest he is. I  have rated the book at one star, meaning that I think there is no reason  for a general audience to read the book.  The only reason to read it would  be to arm yourself against creationism by learning what its arguments are.   Science educators and others who may find themselves on the frontlines  fighting creationists might find it valuable for that reason only.   Otherwise it is worthless.     