 When "Silverado" came out 20 years ago, I recall quite a bit being made of the "revival of the Western" that it, and "Pale Rider," released at about the same time, supposedly entailed.  Needless to say, that revival came neither in 1985, nor with the somewhat larger outpouring of Westerns in the early 1990's ("Unforgiven," "Dances with Wolves," etc.).  In large part, the failure of the "western revival" is because none of these films, with the partial exception of "Unforgiven," found anything really new to say in the genre.  That isn't to say that "Silverado" is a bad film, or one not worth watching; to the contrary, I probably enjoy it as much as I enjoy any post-"Wild Bunch" Western.  To enjoy it, you have to accept it for what it is, and that's a B-Western.  A very large, color B-Western with some big names in the cast, and some very well-done action scenes, but still a B-Western.  That means, first of all, that the plot is pretty basic: four men--all very proficient gunmen, of course--are thrown together early in the film by circumstances, and become friends.  They then team up to free the town of Silverado from the domination of a ruthless cattleman and the crooked sheriff who takes his orders.  There are nods here and there in the direction of more subtlety and complexity, but they are only nods.  The one storyline which offered something rather unorthodox, involving Rosanna Arquette's widowed homesteader, was cut almost entirely from the final version of the film.  It's safe to say that in 1985, when "Silverado" came out, there weren't a lot of actors under about 50 who had much experience in Westerns; however, director Lawrence Kasdan succeeded in assembling a team of four strong leads.  Scott Glenn took to the saddle like a natural--had he been born a generation earlier, he could, at the least, become a major Western star on the level of a Joel McCrea.  He is superb as the tough gunfighter Emmett.  As Jake, Emmett's younger brother, Kevin Costner gave a vigorous, zesty performance that will surprise anyone used to some of his more recent work.  Danny Glover brought to the role of Mal much of the strength and solidity that he later showed in the "Lethal Weapon" series.  Kevin Kline, as Paden, is the least successful of the leads--he isn't really a convincing six-gun artist--but he does provide some nice light moments in the intervals between the action.  Brian Dennehy, as the aforementioned crooked sheriff, Cobb, is solid in the main villainous role, and Jeff Fahey is effective as his nastiest deputy, Tyree (one detects a faint homage to John Ford in the character's name).  Ray Baker, as the cattleman McKendrick, has relatively little screen time.  Many of the other supporting players seem oddly cast--John Cleese as the sheriff of a neighboring town, Jeff Goldblum as a gambler, Linda Hunt as a saloonkeeper--but they all work out more or less adequately.  Rosanna Arquette's part, as noted, largely disappeared during editing, no doubt leaving viewers puzzled that she is billed third.  Action scenes in a Western mean some mixture of gunfights and galloping horses, and "Silverado" has both in abundance.  While none of these scenes are exceptionally original, they are generally well-executed.  There is enough action that, even at a length of well over 2 hours, the pace never really lags long enough for viewers to notice.  Bruce Broughton's score provides nice accompaniment for all the goings-on.  The 2-disc DVD set contains some nice extras,  chief among them being two featurettes, a "making-of" which centers on comments from Lawrence Kasdan (quite good), and a retrospective featuring Kevin Costner (OK, a bit chatty).  Be warned, however, of a bit of slightly dishonest labelling regarding another extra--the "History of Western Shootouts, narrated by John Cleese" should really have been called "a promotional video for some mediocre Columbia Westerns, narrated by John Cleese."  If you like Westerns, and can accept "Silverado" for what it is, this DVD is a very good buy.     