 While the conventional wisdom is that the 1990's have been a decade of prosperity, every so often undercurrents of discontent surface (in places like Seattle), and suggest that for many people in the United States, this  is not the case.  Jeffrey Madrick's "The End of Affluence" offers  an explanation of why this is so. Madrick begins by noting that since the  early 1970's the US has been in the doldrums economically; starting in  1973, the long-term economic growth rate fell by over 1% annually (contrary  to the previous reviewer, this is still the case).  Madrick notes many of  the consequences  of this slowdown.  He contrasts the present period with  the rapid growth of the past in a concise but informative review of US  economic history--this segment by itself makes the book worth  reading. Madrick then turns to what he sees as the main cause of the  slowdown.  As European and Japanese firms adopted American methods of mass  production and distribution, this increased international competition  eroded much of the US's long-standing advantages.  The slowness of US  firms, such as the automakers, to adopt new methods of flexible production,  and the lagging rate of US capital investment, further aggravated this  trend.  A major consequence of this trend has been a sharp decline in the  availability of well-paying jobs for those without college  degrees. Madrick criticizes the "misplaced optimism" of those  who see our problems as minor or readily solved.  He critiques some  alternative explanations for the growth slowdown, such as our allegedly  insufficient savings rate and supposed "skills shortage."  While  he offers little in the way of specific solutions, he does give a solid  refutation of the Republican Party's ever-resurrected "solution"  of yet one more round of supply-side, trickle-down tax cuts. Madrick's  analysis is often solid, but he falls short in two respects.  First, he is  too focused on a single explanation for our "end of affluence,"  international competition, and neglects other factors that also are  important--the collapse of the labor movement comes to mind as one.   Second, his vision is centered too narrowly on GDP and related economic  measures, and so neglects issues like environmental degradation, which are  of considerable importance, but are not captured in convential economic  statistics. While Madrick's story is an incomplete one, his superb  reporting makes his book, even though it is somewhat dated, worthwhile  reading.     