 Adam Hochschild's book is subtitled "A Story of Greed, Terror and Heroism in Colonial Africa," and all three can be found in his gripping narrative. The greed is largely that of Leopold II, King of the Belgians.  For years before becoming king, Leopold had been obsessed with  colonies and the wealth that could be extracted from them.  When he came to  the throne, he proceeded to grab a large chunk of the enormous basis  drained by the Congo River, much of which was explored for him by the  mercenary journalist Henry Morton Stanley (who does not emerge favorably  from Hochschild's account).  In his Congo Free State, run by a private  corporation, Leopold wielded far more authority than he did as Belgium's  constitutional monarch, and he used that authority to enrich himself for 23  years. The terror was visited on the inhabitants of the Congo.  Forced  labor was used on a massive scale to extract and export the natural wealth  of the region--ivory and rubber being two of the biggest prizes--and the  chicotte, a nasty whip made of hippopotamus hide, was freely used to lash  every last drop of effort out of people who were essentially slaves.   Hochschild carefully documents the extent of the human costs paid for  Leopold's enrichment.  The death toll due to murder, starvation, disease,  etc., amounted to about half the Congo's population over a 40 year  period--some 10 million deaths to lay at Leopold's door. The heroism was  displayed by people who fought to expose Leopold's crimes and puncture his  undeserved reputation as a humanitarian, and who eventually forced him to  at least give up his personal rule of the Congo.  What was one of the first  great worldwide human rights campaigns involved both the famous, like Mark  Twain and Arthur Conan Doyle, and the little-remembered.  Three men in  particular stand out: George Washington Williams, a black American  journalist who was the first to expose Leopold's reign of terror by  chicotte; Roger Casement, an Irishman who became the first British consul  to the Congo, and as such bore powerful, offical witness to the crimes; and  Edmund Morel, an English shipping agent who founded the Congo Reform  Association, which stands as a forebear to humanitarian groups like Human  Rights Watch in our own time. Hochschild is a meticulous researcher and a  gifted writer, and he brings his century old characters, both the virtuous  and the malignant, to vivid life.  Like many books, "King Leopold's  Ghost" is not pleasant reading, but necessary reading.  Only by  confronting and understanding history's darker episodes can we hope to  avoid repeating them.     