 This is a book definitely worth reading, although it doesn't quite deliver all it promises, and though I do find some points of disagreement with the author.  In "Beer and Circus," Murray Sperber has three main themes: 1) What is wrong with what he calls "big-time college sports," essentially meaning NCAA Division I athletics, 2) how and why these Division I schools offer undergraduates subpar educations, and 3) the various facets of the problem of excessive student drinking. Sperber provides ample evidence on all three of these points.  He compellingly describes, for example, the ways in which Division I schools short-change their undergraduates--cramming them into massive lecture courses, and relying heavily on poorly paid adjunct faculty and teaching assistants to teach them.  He also dispels numerous myths, such as the claim that top researchers are the best teachers, or the legend that Division I athletes are "student-athletes;" on the latter point, he notes that the long hours athletes must commit to competition and training preclude all but a few from compiling strong academic records. Much of Sperber's book rings very true to me--I was a graduate student at a large, Division I university, and I observed examples of many of the ills Sperber describes.  However, I have three points of disagreement with him.  First, Sperber doesn't quite deliver the explanation--of "how big-time college sports is crippling undergraduate education"--that he promises.  From his own account, it appears that the main culprit is in fact Division I schools' excessive emphasis on research.  For every Division I school, like my alma mater UCLA, that is a legitimately strong research institution, there are probably 10 or 12 UCLA-wannabees that will never reach that status, but will waste uncounted resources in pursuit of the goal.  Sperber does not convincingly demonstrate that athletic programs are more than a minor accessory to the crime against undergraduates that these schools are guilty of. Second, Sperber's discussion of college sports is almost entirely limited to football and men's basketball, but his condemnation appears to extend to all sports.  Since football and men's basketball are unusual in being essentially developmental systems for the professional leagues in those sports, Sperber's case would have been stronger had he presented more evidence drawn from other sports. Third, Sperber ends with a number of prescriptions for improving undergraduate education at Division I universities (many of which would be applicable to other colleges as well).  Most of these, such as basing faculty hiring and promotions primarily on teaching, are excellent.  However, Sperber's recommendation that the Graduate Record Exam be used as a universal exit exam for undergrads should be deep-sixed right away.  One flaw of the US education system, well-documented by Peter Sacks in "Standardized Minds," is the overuse of standardized tests.  We do not need to make the problem worse. While I don't agree with everyting Sperber writes, I think his book is very good.  It would be especially valuable for any prospective student, or parent of a student, at a large Division I university.     