 James Loewen opens this book by noting that "high school students hate history," rating it last among 21 subjects in relevance.  This can hardly be because people find the subject itself uninteresting--as Loewen notes, novels and movies with historical themes are extremely  popular.  Nonfiction histories by authors like Stephen Ambrose also sell  quite well.  Part of the problem with high school history, Loewen suggests,  lies with textbooks that fall far short of what they could be. In this  book, Loewen reviews 12 US history texts used at the high school level.   The texts are typical of what most HS students see; they account for over  60% of the market.  He finds a number of shortcomings common to all twelve.   Space limits do not allow a complete review of his arguments here; a few  illustrations will have to stand for the whole. One of the most  pernicious tendencies in history texts is what Loewen calls  "heroification," the process by which flesh-and-blood historical  figures are transformed into "wartless stereotypes," and, I might  add, extremely bland ones.  Textbooks do this by consistently omitting from  their profiles of people any trace of radicalism (such as Helen Keller's  socialism), anything controversial (such as Woodrow Wilson's imperialist  foreign policies) or any discussion of  the complexity of people's opinions  (such as Lincoln's views on race and slavery). A second common weakness  is the failure of textbooks to adequately discuss the causes and  motivations behind important events.  Examples include the sources of the  Northern victory in the Civil War or the reasons for the Vietnam War, both  topics which deserve detailed discussion.  In place of such depth, texts  serve up such tripe as this account of the origins of the Vietnam War:  "in the 1950's, war broke out in South Vietnam." The passage  quoted above illustrates another common failing--the usage of the passive  voice to avoid dealing with the responsibility of the US and its leaders  for their actions.   Loewen also discusses the process by which texts are  written and approved, a process which he finds to contribute heavily to the  vapid triumphalism that dominates texts.  He identifies the pressures on  textbook authors from parochial local interests and conservative pressure  groups as negative factors in this process. Loewen concludes with a  valuable discussion of the dangers of teaching history in a way that is  devoid of meanifngul content and that shuns all controversy.  His book is  well written and well researched throughout.  I find it instructive that,  although it has stirred several resentful, angry responses, none of the 1  or 2 star reviewers, have identified a single substantive error in Loewen's  book.     