 The Vietnam War encompassed thirty years; 1945-1975.  The first nine years were fought between the French and the Viet Minh and, after the defeat at Dienbenphu, the French exited, defeated and demoralized.  This book is the best history of that campaign, bar none  Unlike many histories of conflicts, this effort by Dr. Fall is not so much a study of each battle, or a chronological log of the French Indochina War, as it is a series of fascinating vignettes.  The overall theme is a catalogue of the seemingly endless French tendency to underestimate the foe.  Included in the history of French military defeats, and occasional victories, are studies of such things as the role of women in the war and the decimation of a superbly equipped French task force by concerted, brilliantly conceived guerrilla activity by the Viet Minh.  The role of the French Foreign Legion is examined, as is the history of the French desire to seek a set battlefield, which of course, they got in Dienbenphu, to their regret.  The book ends with Dienbenphu and an epilogue. Interestingly, the book was published in 1961, just as the United States was preparing to enter the conflict in South Vietnam.  Dr. Fall crisply and presciently points out the parallels between the views of the defeated French and the heedless, entering Americans.  Had the right people read and heeded this book, perhaps we would not have The Wall in Washington D.C. today.   Ironically, Dr. Fall was killed in 1967 in Vietnam, when he stepped on a landmine.  This book at once serves as his memorial, and as a horrifying reminder of what happens when one side enters a war without understanding the culture, ethos, and motive of the other.  The book contains numerous black and white photos and maps, and is excellently written in every possible respect.  One cannot possibly understand the Vietnam War, including our history in it, without reading this landmark work.  It is a true work of genius, and receives the highest recommendation.     