 This book uses as its centerpiece the epic mural by Rudolf Zallinger, in Yale's Peabody Museum, depicting the progress of the Cenozoic Era,(the Age of Mammals), from its beginning until today.  The mural is sweeping in scope, cleverly dividing the epochs by use of strategically placed trees. It simultaneously shows the geology of each epoch as well as its dominant forms of life.  The mural is essentially contained in the now obsolete Time-Life hardcover book entitled "The World We live In".  After introducing the mural and its creator, author Wallace gives a detailed history of the progress of the scientific discipine of fossil mammal studies.  Personal sketches of the many leaders in this still emerging field of science are seamlessly woven into the text.  The well-written, well researched narrative rolls along effortlessly for the reader, who is left with a much clearer understanding of how paleontologists are able to decipher the appearance of these magnificent, long-gone animals, and the surroundings in which they lived.  The subtitle of the book is slightly deceptive, for it is not the animals themselves, but the persons who studied them, that is the chief focus of the treatise, but this is mere quibbling.  In order to understand the scientific findings that have been made in a proper fashion, it is important to study the persons and methods used to make them.  "Beasts" is a one-of-a-kind book in this respect.  To be sure, the book contains many facts about the creatures of the Cenozoic that cannot be found in other trade books.  An extensive bibliography is also supplied for the interested reader who wishes to further pursue particular topics.  I do wish that the book showed the entire Zallinger mural in color.  The only part of the mural that is so treated is on the dust jacket.  The book would have been much easier to understand in the early stages had this been done.  The black and white excerpts from the mural, as contained in the text, are pitifully poor substitutes for the real thing.  Even so, this book receives a five-star accolade, because of the depth of its fascinating text, and because of its quality draftsmanship.  I recommend it very highly to students of any science as showing how science advances.  Students of geology and paleontology will be particularly well-served by reading and digesting this work and its contents.     