 I recommend this book, with reservations. My take on it is different than many of the reviews so far given. The Ehrlichs' role as among the first, most persistent, and most dire of environmental Cassandras is well known and need not be revisited now.  The presently-reviewed book adds little to what they have previously said in terms of areas of concern.  Rather, it appears to be a valedictory of sorts, where the Ehrlichs return their critics' responses in kind.  To my view, their response, although perhaps understandable, is ineffective as being too filled with slanted prose, hyperbole,  and, unfortunately, outright name-calling.  A more reasoned sort of response would have been highly preferable.  The form of the message so obscures and detracts from its substance as to render both rather incredible. Also, the book is plagued with easily avoided errors.  By way of a single chapter's example, the Ehrlichs contend, in their chapter on climate/global warming, that climate earlier than 1200AD is essentially unknowable because of a lack of record keeping.  This is not so, as many methods, including varves, dendrochronology, ice-coring, etc., are available to do year-by-year studies.  The Ehrlichs' statements  and implications that warming is now more severe than at any time since the advent of the Holocene find no support.  The xerothermic episode of the late 1200's that resulted in the demise of the Anasazi culture in the Southwest, and the desertification of much of Nebraska, occurred at this time.  Of these, not a word.  Likewise the Altithermal, or Climactic Optimum, of circa 4,000BC, or 6000BP, and not the present, has marked the warmest part of the Holocene.   The Ehrlichs'refusal to bring these facts into the equation shows either a lack of research or a refusal to change a previously-desired impression.  Neither, ACCORDING TO THE EHRLICHS IN THE SAME CHAPTER, is the mark of good or effective science.  Other examples abound elsewhere, but space limits their discussion here.  From a factual viewpoint, I cannot recommend this book to the serious scientific reader. However, the book is a prototypically good example of the causes of the troubles the Ehrlichs describe the environmental movement as facing.  The skeptics decried by the Ehrlichs find their fuel in the Ehrlich style of crying wolf too often, and in the Ehrlichs' scientific inflexibility in the face of developing data that may be contrary to their earlier positions.   Here, I need only cite the failure of their predictions in, "The Population Bomb."  The upshot is that if Green proponents want to find how to lose status and credibility with those who are undecided, this book is a must-read.   Contrariwise, if skeptics wish to determine why their own claims are subject to a healthy case of doubt, the Ehrlichs show them in many instances.  Note carefully that I do not say the Ehrlichs are always wrong.  They aren't, and a good deal of what they say is buttressed by fact, just not enough of it to be fully persuasive.  I suspect that a more reasoned approach by the Ehrlichs would have resulted in a far more important book.  The best way to dispel the confusion the Ehrlichs claim their opponents create is by reasoned, honest presentation, not name-calling, slanted prose, hyperbole, and disingenuous simile and metaphor.   In closing, the book's only real value is to show each side of this important controversy the defects that plague their respective positions.  Both sides should read the book with this goal in mind.   Otherwise, a reading only serves the contrary purpose of reinforcing previously held biases. I recommend the book, but subject to the foregoing substantial cautions.  A pity, because so much more could have been accomplished by a disciplined writer.     