 I bought this book about 15 years ago while visiting Mammoth Cave National Park.  I still enjoy rereading it from time to time. It is the sort of book one hates to see end. The book narrates the history of the discovery that Kentucky's Flint Ridge-Mammoth Cave system of caves is by far the world's longest known series of continuously-connected caverns. The writers and their many cohorts are not only daring adventurers, but a collection of cavers who deeply appreciate the mystery, beauty and science of caves. A very interesting part of the book is the well-developed character sketches of the many explorers, a good number of whom participated in parts of the long, arduous struggle to discover the connections between five different large caves so as to make them one.  The overriding star of the show is the cave system itself, and the book contains many facinating portions about the beauty, danger, wonder, and history of the things found there by explorers dating back to prehistoric Native Americans, forward.   After a frustrating series of events, including an initial startling lack of interest/resistance by National Park personnel, progress begins to be made in leaps and bounds.  When the Ohio cavers find that the Flint Ridge system is the longest then know, an effort is taken up to connect it with Mammoth Cave. In a spine-tingling narrative about going past the "Tight Spot", a very small passage, the cavers eventually make the connection by going down in Flint Ridge and emerging in a well-known Mammoth Cave tourist gallery.  The sense of truiumph and relief is overwhelming and excellently captured.  My size and age prohibit me from doing the things described in this book, and I have never done them.  But I was captivated from start to finish by the story of these brave, resourceful people and the cave system they explored and charted.  It is as if I am there myself.    My only quibble is that the photographs are limited and in black and white, but the excellent descriptive writing overcomes this factor.  I love the book.  Very, very highly recommended.     