 The topic of global warming is a hot button issue, and deservedly so.  Numerous persons, most in the pay of fossil energy combines, have raised a  plethora of objections and evasions, so confusing and politicizing the matter that the average person hardly knows where to turn for accurate information, a state of affairs not helped by outlandish claims from some "journalists" posing as scientists on the "green" side of matters.  (See my earlier review of "Thermogeddon.)  For those of you who would simply like an objective, essentially non-partisan view of the issue, with easily understood data, presented in a pleasurable, relaxed manner, THIS IS YOUR BOOK!!!!!!!    Professor Flannery's credentials are unimpeachable.  He is a leading zoologist who has intensively examined the effects of rising temperatures on wildlife and plants, particulary in the Southwest Pacific, New Guinea, and Australia.  In order to more fully understand the causes of the changes he has been, and is continuing to observe, Dr. Flannery has become an expert on the matter of climate change, and its many causes.  That expertise wells up repeatedly and effortlessly in the excellently-written, carefully-organized pages of this text.  "The Weather Makers" repeatedly demonstrates, and refutes, the many fallacies being propogated by those who would sell the future for a short-term profit now.  Such things as the "Medieval Warming", for example, are shown to be highly exaggerated at best.  Dr. Flannery's narrative of coming extinctions are dire to a point of depression, but he continually shows the reasons for these predictions, and their factual support.  The book contains an excellent history of how man and his agriculture and industry, as well the Milankovitch astronomical cycles, are combining to warm the Earth faster than at any time since the Eocene mass extinctions.  It is readily apparent that the problem of climate change/global warming is not one created by one or two heedless political elections, but one that has been growing for several hundred years at a minimum.  However, again with extenive factual support, Dr. Flannery shows how our climate is alsmost seismographically sensitive to the slightest perturbations, and that we are now at a point where one too many of these changes, e.g. a continuing increase in greenhouse gases, might plunge our climate, and our civilization into an abyss from which recovery would be almost impossible at best.  I confess that I am almost unduly impressed with this book's unraveling of the most important problem of our time.  The importance of this book cannot be overstated.   Consider the events of JUST THE LAST YEAR: vast prairie wildfires in Texas, giant forest fires in Alaska and Indonesia, intense hurricanes in the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico, dust storms and drought in Asia, Australia, and Africa, and the decay of thousands of square miles of the polar ice caps.  All these are connected. This book shows you how and why.  My recommendation is as high as I can make it.  You must read this book, if not for yourself, then for your children.     