 I usually view "current history" books with a high degree of skepticism, since, many times, the writer frequently indulges in polemics rather than reasoned analysis seasoned by time. This book is the exception. Author Phillips is a highly renowned political observer, whose attention to detail, hard work, and objectivity are beyond reproach. Phillips has worked on many Republican campaigns and his book about the "Emerging majority" in the 70's is a standard in books of its genre. Political preferences are not the issue here.    Although the book documents the ascent of the Bush family in American governmental circles in the first part of the 20th Century, the gist of the book is concerned with the rise of George Walker Bush, (Bush II), to the Presidency in the last part of that era, and in the first part of this century. It is not a narrative that should sit well with freedom-loving Americans. Indeed, any reader of this book should have great concern for America's future after finishing this well-written, carefully organized, easily readable text.    Phillips' essential contention is that, with the election of Bush II, we have traveled far down the slippery path to a quasi-monarchical form of government, where the election of leaders has become a hollow sham, directed by such things as family ancestry, large corporate and governmental entities directing the vote, and a lazy, disinclined electorate being led like sheep to the selection of leaders who have an elitist, even dishonest, contempt for the country's welfare at large. Careful pains are taken to show that this concern addresses not only Republicans, but Democrats, as per Hillary Clinton's status as a potential nominee in 2008, despite her demonstrated lack of credentials other than family affiliation.    In the case of Bush II, however, matters become even more serious, given this President's vigorous attempts to stifle personal liberty, his attachments to religious extremists and ideologies, his ties to energy, military, intelligence, and religious combines whose wishes and views he bows to with obeisance, his demonstrated penchant for secrecy and deceit, and his eagerness to involve this nation in wars and unilateral foreign policy initiatives against its wishes. It is a frightening picture, to say the least.    The very real danger, per Phillips, is whether we can honor Benjamin Franklin's admonition that the Constitution gave Americans a republic, "..if you can keep it." The answer is not encouraging, given recent events.    But read the book for yourself, don't take another's word for it. We have been doing that far too long already.     My recommendation of this intensely thought-provoking work is off the scale. Every American should give very careful thought to Mr. Phillips' observations before voting this fall.     