 As most persons are aware, these are times of climatic change, with the West becoming warmer and drier.  These changes are episodic, but mankind's response to them is not so predictable.  Professor Worster's excellent coverage of the Dust Bowl, one of the greatest agricultural and ecological calamities in history, shows that, with a little foresight and honest recognition of the limitations of technology, much of the harm caused by shifting climate can be prevented.  In that respect, it is a hopeful text. Professor Worster, however, views history from a Marxist standpoint, a trait that colors some of his conclusions.  While I agree with him that land is frequently viewed by the shortsighted as a commodity to be used and discarded, I feel that the lessons of the Dust Bowl have resulted in safer, drought-resistant patterns of crop farming.   However, as Worster adroitly points out, the shifting in agricultural practices in the Southern plains is accompanied by a  wasteful use of available underground water, raising a peril of the Dust Bowl's return.  So have we really learned anything?  Time will tell, and not very long from now.  So far as Professor Worster addresses the socio-economic causes of the reckless destruction of the short-grass prairie ecosystem for quick profit, his discussion is masterful  His organization of topics and chronology is excellent, and the reader will not soon forget the horror of living with the dust.  The photos of dust storms and their effect are almost nightmarish.  Regardless of one's irritation at the myopia of those who try to farm mrginal land, his is a sympathetic portrait as well, waxing almost lyrical in his discussions of the effects of crop failures on the local populace.  The book is copiously reserched and peopled with personal anecdotes of those who lived through the "Dirty Thirties".  This narrative includes not only the local citizenry, but contains numerous passages about governmental attempts to allay the crisis.   I recommend this book very highly.  I think anyone who likes history, who is concerned about the effects of climatic change, or both, ought to read this book very carefully.  It should be an essential part of anyone's library.     