 This timeless masterpiece recounts the most likely of the various apocalyptic ends to man's brief reign on Earth.  Written from a naturalist's viewpoint, the novel recounts the fall of man following a sweeping measles-like pandemic.  The author deftly informs us that the unknown disease is sirborne, that it hits only higher primates, and that the death toll is so all-encompassing that society simply vanishes.  Mr Stewart also notes that the bulk of the few survivors are so devastated by the event that they become incapacitated.  He also recounts nature's way of restoring an upset ecological balance and how the remaining animals cope with their new-found freedom. Ish Williams, the main character, himself goes through a period of psychological angst, but as with some persons in any crisis, recovers his equilibrium.  He sees and meets others who cannot, but eventually meets an equally resolute woman.  The book then briefly, but viably, notes how mores change when society disintegrates.     In a section entitled "Quick Years", the couple meet certain other adjusted persons who have adjusted to the "Great Disaster", as they call it, and a rudimentary "tribe", so-called, comes into being.  A tight, fascinating study leaves the way clear for "The Year 22", the next chapter.   It is interesting to note how the members retain traditional taboos, remember dates and holidays, and yet slowly return to a hunter-gatherer society.  Organized learning is a natural casualty, to be replaced by superstition.  Obviously, the ability to conjugate verbs becomes surplusage at such a time.  The tribe learns to face disease, criminality, and tragedy.  Religious tenets alter in each such society. One is left with the belief that man hasn't really learned very much by all of it.  You learn that the most important thing to primitive man was the bow and arrow, and fire-making.   Ish preserves these for future generations, along with a less credible democratic tradition.  Even the language begins to change, as history marches on.    I won't spoil it by giving the ending, but you won't forget it, any more than you will forget any of the details of this incredibly well thought out, impeccably written book. Even if, as with some reviewers, you cannot accept Stewart's approach or result, you will be forced to concede that, in addition to being a great storyteller, he is an incomparable, almost lyrical, wordsmith. I hated to see the book end.     