 This book is more than a mere milestone.  If approached with an open mind, it will revolutionize much traditional thinking in the areas of energy, seismology, and the life sciences. Professor Gold is an astrophysicist of high repute, who applies his excellent, free-thinking mind and impeccable logic to disciplines outside his chosen field with astonishing success.  This disturbs traditionalists and adherents of scientific orthodoxy no end, especially when Dr. Gold, more often than not, is correct in his iconoclasms.  The instant work presents and consolidates Dr. Gold's seminal work in the area of earth sciences.  Dr. Gold argues convincingly, and with easily understood reasoning, that petroleum, and even coal, are not biogenic, i.e., created from previously living organisms.  Instead, he contends, so-called "fossil fuels" are the result of hydrocarbons being brought up from and through the earth's mantle, and being transformed into their present states by bacteria living in the Earth's crust. These bacteria compose the "deep, hot biosphere" in the book's title.  Thus, fossil fuels are a self-renewing resource not nearly as susceptible to the depletion so often forecast by doomsayers. Dr. Gold's logic appears impeccable to this writer, and the tests he has done to date, such as drilling in the granite of a large Swedish impact structure and finding hydrocarbons where none "should" exist are persuasive indeed.   The popular conception of oil, gas, and coal being the remains of once living creatures seems hopelessly out of date in light of Dr. Gold's research. Dr. Gold goes on to discuss the origin of life, as it relates to microorganisms found in the earth's crust and asks whether these primitive creatures may exist on other planets as well. Another interesting theory arising from the implications of mobile hydrocarbons in the Earth's interior relates to earthquakes and their prediction.  Dr. Gold notes many cultures have spoken of physical changes occuring prior to earthquakes and suggests that these tangible phenomena are related to gases moving in the crust.  When a critical point is reached in terms of shifting tensions, Dr. Gold suggests the result is an earthquake.   Interestingly, much Russian research agrees with Dr. Gold on this and other of his theories.   Western research appears more bound to orthodox thinking.  It is this writer's belief that Dr. Gold and his cohorts have much to say on the true state of the planet beneath us, and its contents.  The book receives my highest recommendation, and it will be interesting to see how much of Dr. Gold's thinking becomes the scientific orthodoxy of the future.   The book is rated a must read for anyone with an interest ie earth sceiences, energy issues, or both.     