 The Falkland Islands, (Islas Malvinas), are a windswept, rainy archipelago in the South Atlantic, peopled by persons of British descent who are largely engaged in sheep raising.  Not a place to fight a bloody war over, you say?  Wrong, and the Sunday Times Insight team does a most excellent job of explaining how and why the war came about, how it was fought, and how the British prevailed. My fellow reviewer has excellently reported the problems faced by the United States in this war, and I can add nothing.  Instead, I would like to address the Insight team's analysis of the problems faced by the Argentines and the British, commencing with the latter.  The lack of British anticipation of the Argentine invasion is detailed, as are the reasons for it.  The Argentine plan was to present a fait accompli to the world, but the British were not prepared to abandon the islands so easily, even though they were 8,000 miles away.  Instead, a makeshift armada was jury-rigged, and plans were made as the ships proceeded south.  Distance continued to plague the British in terms of air battles, as heavy bombing was almost impossible.  The Argentine planes had superior speed, but the British carrier-based Harriers were more manuverable and carried the day.  Heavy weather equally bothered both sides. The Argentine Navy was no match for the British and immediately retired to port after a single cruiser was torpedoed and sunk.  The Argentine Air Force had no real bombers and used Skyhawks and Mystere fighter jets as bombers.  The Argentine Exocet missile raised hob with British ships and the war may have gone differently had a few more been available.   The key difference was in the armies.  The Argentines occupied the Falklands with a great many more troops than were available to the British, yet the British easily routed the Argentines.  I agree with the Insight teams's conclusion that the reason lies in the fact that British soldiers are trained for warfare, which includes such things as washing clothes and dishes, digging latrines, making tents, and like menial tasks, as well as fighting battles.  Argentine troops came from an army trained to break up riots, keep civil order, and the like, and the referenced menial tasks were deemed beneath their dignity. In a cold, windy, rainy place like the Falklands, under battlefield conditions, the Argentine Army broke down, and although many of their troops fought bravely, their units were simply "outtrained" and outmatched. We now know that the Falklands, and their surrounding continental shelf, show extremely promising oil formations, and that Argentina's action may have been a prelude to further sub-Antarctic and Antarctic territorial claims.  This the British could not endure, and so they fought. This war had larger implications than first seen.  Certainly, the course of Argentine history was greatly affected, as the country's military government fell after the defeat, and was replaced by a civilian-led democracy.  Naval strategy, worldwide, changed after it was seen how a few well-aimed missiles could nearly destroy a fleet, and how aluminum-built vessels easily caught fire..  The area remains a potential tinderbox, but is heavily garrisoned by British troops, who actually outnumber the local inhabitants.  This book is well written, well-supplied with photographs and maps, and is the best book on the topic, I believe.  Very highly recommended to war buffs and students of history.     