 Dr. Michael Benton, an eminent vertebrate paleontologist, has authored many books on the subject.  This is one of his finest. In this book, Dr. Benton addresses the multiple quandaries underlying mass extinctions, and ever-continuing, sometimes controversial, even acrimonious, effort to solve them.  As per his high standards, Dr. Benton's text is highly readable, even though complex problems are being analyzed.  He introduces the reader to alien or new concepts capably, and the text forms a seamless web along which any reader having a limited exposure to scientific disciplines may proceed without strenuous effort. NOTE:  Although the book's title appears to indicate a rather exclusive discussion about the largest mass extinction, the Permian-Triassic event, which ended the Paleozoic Era and ushered in the Mesozoic, the actual scope of the book is more broad. This is a pleasant, and very helpful, surprise. Dr. Benton begins with the discovery of dinosaurs, and the history of the mapping of Europe's stratigraphy, before moving into the area of mass extinctions.  Without this preliminary discussion, it would be far more difficult to understand how the concept and science of these events developed.  I view this as a positive aspect of the book, since the concept of catastrophic events affecting the course of life's progress was most difficult for pioneers in the field to accept.  The text admirably demonstrates that science is, after all, a human endeavor, complete with feuds, rivalries, and disputes.  Indeed, much scientific progress has been achieved via disagreements and attempt to disprove the opponent's theories.  I recommend this discussion to the students of ANY scientific discipline, not just paleontology.   The book moves to an examination of the five largest mass extinction events, with special emphasis being placed on the Mesozoic-ending extinction of the dinosaurs and the Permian-Triassic event.  Smaller events are also addressed, such as the loss of species at the end of the Eocene epoch in our era.  Dr.  Benton observes that the very large extinction episode at the end of the Cretaceous Period is almost universally accepted to have been the result of a colossal asteroid collision.  He very properly notes that as one moves backward in time, the problem of causation of extictions becomes much more difficult to solve owing to plate movements, erosion and sedimentation, and diminution of appropriate outcrops of rocks. Addressing the book's titled subject, Dr. Benton reviews the various claims that have been advanced for the cause of this "Mother of Extinctions".  These include another huge collision with an extraterrestrial body, great climate change, enormous volcanic eruptions in what is now Siberia, a gigantic release of methyl hydrate gases in the oceans, a large drop in oceanic water levels, the uniting of all land masses into a single continent, the explosion of a nearby supernova, and on and on.  Though he is taken to task by some reviewers, Dr. Benton reaches no categorical conclusion as to which of these events, singly or in combintion, offers the best explanation of the wiping out of over 90% of Earth's species of life.  His best guess, phrased largely as such, is that the removal of so many lifeforms was a combination of large volcanic eruptions, only one land mass, and the freeing of enormous amount of carbon dioxide into Earth's atmosphere by the breakdown of methane hydrates in the oceans of that time.  NOTE:  This writer disagrees, preferring the theory that an enormous impact event in the Falkland Island Basin caused antipodal supervolcnic Siberian lava flows, and that the combination of these two events almost destroyed the Earth's atmosphere, and its life.  But am I right, or is the far more qualified Dr. Benton right?  Or are we both wrong?  The answer awaits further data and analysis of it.  And coming full circle, this how the body of scientific knowledge grows. In closing, this is one of the very best books I have ever read on science and its processes of growth.  I recommend this book to one and all, and very, very highly.  It is a true feast for the mind.     