 This book is not for the novice.  However, it is an excellently organized and drafted presentation of 40 papers on the variously submitted causes for the extinction of many dominant and marvelous animals, from the end  of the Ice Age to our own time.  Since no formal records were kept on this decline, even though many vanishings occurred during the time of record-keeping people, the scientist is left to investigate and to hypothesize on the cause or causes of the extinctions.  Recorded here are many of those investigations and their results.  The diversity of opinion is an exciting testament, not only to the ingenuity of the investigators, but to the processes of science itself. Some investigations are restricted, both in terms of time, area, and species.  Others are far broader, even global in scale.  It would appear from a perusal of the articles that climate and consequent botanical change, or the coming of man into a successful hunter, were the primary cause(s) of the tragedy.  But, as some contributors note, other causes may be relevant as well. Among the notorious RECENT extinctions discussed are the mammoth, less than 3,500 years ago, the Irish elk, in 500 A.D., or so, the moa of New Zealand, the Aepyornis, or elephant bird, and the giant lemur, both of Madagascar, within possibly the last 200 years.  It seems germane that the islands, where man arrived only in the past 200 to 500 years, had the last megafauna to disappear, but, of course, the  process goes on even in our own time, as witness the mountain gorilla, black rhinoceros, Javanese Tiger, Tasmanian Tiger, passenger pigeon, etc. As noted at the outset, some background in Ice Age paleontology is probably necessary for a full enjoyment of this book.  If you haven't one, I suggest that you read "The Ice Age Animals of North America", by Ian Lange, and then read this book.  The volume at hand is one of the most fascinating books I have ever read.  I'd give it ten stars, if I could.  As to persons who have some scientific background, my recommendation is off the scale.     