 H.G. Wells properly deserves the title of the founder of science fiction.  His novels are disciplined, very well-written, and devoid of the open ends and sheer fantasy that plague so much of this genre. (See the commentary to my review of War of the Worlds.) The present work deals with Wells's view of the far future.  Only a fleeting, rather optimistic, view of the near future is offered in the second chapter. Well's nameless time traveler ventures to the warmer world of 802,701 A.D. and finds man divided into two camps, the Eloi and the Morlocks.  The Eloi are a gentle, winsome, idle race, who are served by, (and to), the Morlocks, a subterranean group of more barbaric beings who use the Eloi for food.  The Morlocks only come up at night, of course.  Many people feel that Wells based this division on the growing disparity between the working class and the English aristocracy.  This viewpoint is easily understood. The two latest movies based on this novel destroy both its essence and its meaning, in my view.  The movies' intellectual content is zero, whereas the book exhibits Wells's genuine concern over future evolution based on present sociological trends.  The book is extremely interesting, and displays the wide range of intellectual gifts enjoyed by this eminent novelist and writer. Perhaps the most fascinating part of the book is the further travels into time, after 802,701 A.D.  In the unexpunged version, the time traveler goes into a period where the sun has faded to an orangeish color, and the world is dominated by 30-foot-long insects who prey on the rabbit-sized animal descendants of man.  Even more fascinating is Wells' vision of the dimly distant future when the sun has expanded and faded to a reddish hull filling half the sky.  The only living thing seen on Earth at that point is a crab-like creature foundering on a cold ocean shore.  Wells's phraseology captures this forlorn event better than any movie ever could. The time traveler then returns with only a faded mallow, and a bruise, to show for his troubles.  He informs Wells' narrator that he will travel again, but he then disappears, never to return. Wells accurately envisioned then-unkown developments in astronomy, biology, global warming, and physics with startling accuracy, even though his time calculations are amiss.  Even today, his ability to create things out of his imagination that have since come to pass is unmatched. The book is entertaining, thought-provoking, and marvelously written; a true gem.  I recommend it to one and all, very highly.     