 The recent cataclysm in Southeast Asia points up a problem about which Pacific Ocean residents have long known; tsunamis or "tidal waves".  This book is written by Dr. Walter Dudley, one of the chief experts on tsunamis, and on how to detect them, and protect against them.  The book is well-organized, highly readable for professional and lay persons alike, and is a valuable contribution to literature on this most important subject. The diagrams readily follow the text and greatly augment its understanding.  The photographs are interesting, but average.  However, tsunamis are not a subject in which photographs aid understanding to any real degree.  Dr. Dudley carefully examines the various causes of this phenomenon, including meteor strikes and landslides, matters which have only recently come to the attention of science.  He explains the physics of the tsunami with a merciful absence of complex mathematical equations.  Considerable attention is devoted to the creation and development of the Pacific Tsunami Warning System, with specific reference being made to mistakes and corrections follwing each event.  A very fine summary of each damaging Pacific tsunami over the last half of the 20th Century gives a excellent portrayal of the ever-present danger from such spasms of nature.   Looking to the future, Dr. Dudley urges continued education and refinement of the Warning System as the best way to avoid enormous human disaster from these waves.  It is ironic that he counsels warning systems should be in place all over the world, since any large body of water is subject to such disturbances.  Since both our mainland coasts are subject to tsunamis, I think this book is must reading for anyone with coastal property, particularly for folks in Washington, Oregon, and California.  Tsunamis cannot be stopped, but while property can be replaced, human life cannot.  This book will help save yours by showing the dimension and frequency of the hazard, and what to do when a tsunami is imminent.  I recommend this book very, very highly.     