 This book is the premier introduction to the Ice Age, and its now-extinct animals, for the uninitiated reader.  It is also an excellent work for the serious student or teacher.  The art work is superb, the photographs and diagrams are well chosen, and have the additional bonus of actually following the well-written, easily readable text.  This saves the reader the burden of having to leaf back and forth as the book is studied.  In short, whether you want to read about the Ice Age for serious study or just have pleasure learning about fascinating animals and times, this your book. Now to content:  Although the book's title and cover seem to indicate it is about animals only, the first half of the book covers, in a lively, interesting fashion, the various ways the Ice Age may have started, what the glaciers did and how they form, move, and melt, what the climate was like, and a hundred other things that are necessary to truly understand what occurred during this significant period of geological time.  Well-chosen inserts explain particular matters. The second half of the book covers the mammals of the Ice Age, with particular emphasis on those living in North America.  In addition to the inevitable mammoths and saber-toothed cats, such relatively unknown creatures as the giant short-faced bear, scimitar cat, American lion, Florida cave bear, shrub ox, giant camel, and stag-moose, among many others, are each afforded extensive treatment.  The section on toothless animals such as the giant armadillo, the various kinds of enormous ground sloth, etc., is simply one of a kind.  You will be amazed and thrilled as you read about each creature in turn, especially as to its size, its diet, where it lived, and its appearance. The book closes, somewhat sadly, with a broad, yet concise examination on why many of these creatures went extinct so suddenly, and man appears to be a primary culprit.  Other potential causes are addressed as well. A particularly fine feature is a comprehensive list of museums, parks, and sites across the United States where you may go to see the remains of these animals or learn more about them.  An excellent bibliography is supplied at the end. I have read about, and been fascinated by, Ice Age animals for many years, and I can assure you this is the most enjoyable book I have ever seen on the matters I have discussed.  The information presented incorporates the latest studies, and is painstakingly accurate.  Authors Lange and Norton are to be highly commended on a great book.  I recommend it highly.     