 The Great Basin is generally regarded as "flyover country", meaning you either fly over it or drive through it on your way to somewhere else.  The big cities are all on the edge; Salt Lake City, Reno, Las Vegas.  And it isn't "scenic" for the most part, having only one national park.   Say the two words, and most Americans think of a dreary, dry, empty expanse of overgrazed sagebrush.  Well, most Americans are wrong. The Great Basin, explored on its terms, is a fascinating expanse of unique geology, as Bill Fiero, a professor of geology at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas, shows you in this fine book.  Written in easily read style, and understandable to anyone who has gone to high school,  the book takes you on a general tour of the wonders of Great Basin, including well-known Bonneville Salt Flats, a remnant of an Ice Age lake bigger than Lake Michigan.  You will also read about recent volcanoes, earthquake activity and faults, deep trenches such as Death Valley, ancient, dried up rivers, and fossil sand dunes.  Canyons, badlands, and mountains are also part of this region, and author Fiero takes you through these areas as well, all the while explaining how and why all of these features came to exist as they do. The book not only has excellent color and black and white photographs, following side-by-side with the narratives, but gives the reader an excellent background on physical geology in general,  Indeed, it could easily be used as an introductory college text.  Remember that one advantage to the Great Basin is its aridity, which enables you to see and understand the rocks and what they tell much better. I bought the original edition two decades ago, and the recent revision is even better.  Anyone planning a trip to the Southwest, in particular, Nevada, would be well advised to obtain this book.  As with most folks, I like to gamble and see the shows when I go, but this book will show you many more fascinating things to see and do.  Highly recommended to anyone with an interest in the geology, or the Southwest as a whole.     