 From the standpoint of scientific fact, this book gives a generic description of the giant Chicxulub meteorite impact structure, its genesis, and the consequences of that genesis; the extinction of the dinosaurs and thousands of other species in a geologic heartbeat. An excellent book-wide discussion attends the determination of the necessary proofs for what, at the time of its origin, was an extraordinary, heretical theory.  Author Powell's review of the background science is thorough and unbiased, and is delivered in a readable, easy-to understand manner.  The tempo of the book is seamless and non-distractive.  In short. for the reader who simply wants to learn about the reason behind dinosaur extinction, the book is highly recommended, without more. The book is far more significant and insightful in other respects, however.  It would serve as a singular text for anyone interested in the history and maturation of ideas, particularly in the scientific realm.  Author Powell is simply peerless in demonstrating the difficulty proponents of successful new scientific theories face in having those ideas accepted in the face of long-standing, inflexible orthodoxy.   Powell carefully shows the genesis of the Alvarez' impact theory of extinction, as well as cataloguing the tenacious resistance to it.  Not only paleontologists, but even some geophysicists, opposed the impact theory of extinction and ridiculed both the theory and its proponents.  In the end, however, the sheer weight of demonstative evidence has carried the day for the Alvarez' ideas.  Even as this review is written, however, there are those who deny the the dinosaurs went extinct owing to a catastrophic impact.  See Discover magazine's June 2002 issue.  Whether the asteroid collision was the SOLE cause seems to be the only bone of contention now.  Perhaps the most poignant character in this ongoing debate is Charles Officer, a Dartmouth geophysicist.  Officer has stood steadfast, in face of increasing evidence to the contrary, as an opponent of the impact/extinction theory.  As the book was written, some of his arguments had even reached the point of Creationist-style dogma, brought on by his refusal to yield.   Powll presents the tale of Officer's resistance as not being negative, but indeed, positive, in that it forced the impact proponents to a vigorous reexamination and stronger proofs. Any history or science student should read this book.  In reading this work, one can gain greater appreciation for the trial and tribulations such scientific pathfinders as Galileo, Newton, Wegener, Bretz, and Shoemaker have faced in advancing our knowledge and understanding of our world, and our place in it.  Unhesitatingly, I give this book a five-star rating, and would even more highly recommend it, were I able.     