 This is a most worthy companion to the visitor's guide to CALIFORNIA'S EASTERN SIERRA, previously reviewed by this writer. Written in the same clear, direct, organized style, and similarly divided into sectional analyses of various attractions and history, this guide also has the same outstanding color photography.  It is difficult to sufficiently praise the clear travel directions given to find each discussed attraction. Not only directions, but anticipated road conditions, are set forth at the conclusion of the section addressing each feature. As you will discern, Death Valley should have been made a National Park a long time ago.  It is the hottest, driest, and lowest place in North America.  It has recent volcanoes, enormous sand dunes, totally indigenous wildlife, great mineral deposits, a playa where the stones move about from unknown forces (called the Recetrack), marvelously beautiful rock formations and salt flats, and even a castle.  Each is discussed in riveting detail that beckons the reader to come there. You will also read about the history of Death Valley, including marooned pioneers, borax mining and the twenty-mule-team methods of transporting out the borax, old ghost towns, etc, etc.  Each section is endlessly fascinating. The book also takes the reader to many facinating areas outside Death Valley, including the now-dry Searles Lake, with its eroded towers of tufa resembling a city, the Pamamint Range bordering Death Valley, various canyons, and even a waterfall in the desert.  You will repeatedly enjoy vicariously wandering this enormous, desolate, but incredibly beautiful and peaceful region. There is some small overlapping between this book and EASTERN SIERRA, but the effect is magnify the fascinating nature of the regions, and not too distract or bore the reader. I recommend purchase of both guides before taking any trip to these areas.  Reading the guides first and during the trips will increase your enjoyment and understanding manyfold, and help tremendously in planning the trip. Needless to say, both books are recommended to the hilt.     