 Alaska is the land of far horizons and stupendous natural wonders by the score.  More than one visitor has echoed the remark that travelers should save Alaska until other desired sights are seen because the magnificence of Alaskan splendors pales everything else into insignificance.  This book suports that contention superbly. The book was written just a few years after the Alaska National Parklands were created in 1980, but the photographs and text are timeless.  The parklands addressed will not have changed very  much, if at all, so the reader obtains many ideas about what to see and do in our 49th state. The book begins with a very good introduction about the differences and dangers in Alaska parks, and proceeds to examine thirteen parklands in turn.  Glacier Bay and Denali, (Mount McKinley), National Parks are familiar to most readers, and I shall pass on further observation, except to exalt the must-see photography. Katmai's volcanic regions, Gates of the Arctic's mountains and tundra, and Wrangell-St.Elias's and Kenai Fiords' glaciers and icefields are also well covered, and the reader inevitably gain fresh insight about these wonderful National Parks.  Likewise, the different writers capably address the archaelogical lessons to be learned in Bering Land Bridge and Cape Krusenstern National Monuments. However, I personally found the most enjoyment in reading about the almost unknown parklands, such as Kobuk Valley National park, where the world's northernmost sand dunes are found, and Lake Clark National Park in the Alaska Peninsula, where a glacier-carved valley cuts through the Alaska Range, and where volcanoes, rock spires, waterfalls, glaciers, and wild animals abound.  The Noatak National River and Yukon-Charley Rivers National Reserve are similarly the subject of eye-opening examinations. To me, the most fascinating park, however, was Aniakchak Natioanl Monument.  This giant, active volcano exploded 3,500 yearws ago and left a crater as big as Crater Lake, over six miles wide.  However, the very heavy preciptation soon forced an opening in the cliffs and the crater is drained through that gap. The river is very rapid, and the author takes you along on his hair-raising ride down that stream  Also shown are small volcanoes inside the crater and an unforgettable panoramic shot of the entire, drained crater. Even if you never visit Alaska, this book will not leave your possession or memory.  Very highly recommended.     