 A person could read this marvelous literary effort as a series of free-verse poems depicting individual voices from the grave who can finally speak honestly, protected by the shadow of death.  But to read this work in such a manner is to avoid its essence.  Read more carefully.  Spoon River Anthology is a timeless portrait of the human story.  Each character is different, yet all are part of the composite of a small town.  It could have been a big city or a widespread area with few people.  The stories would differ in fact, perhaps, but the tale would be same. You will meet over a hundred matchless, never-to-be-forgotten characters, including George Gray, who wasted his life by shrinking from it,  A.D. Blood, the town prohibitionist, who hated liquor so much he killed a man who was drunk, a politician, Hamilton Greene, whose mother was actually a servant girl to his father, but who never knew it, people who scorned life and were scorned by it in turn, people who loved life despite its adversity, people who wantonly ruined the lives of others, people who were dashed against life's shoals by the ruthless, people who were buried in the wrong grave, and on, and on, and on.  Each page is a precious gem reflecting someone you know, or even part of you, large or small.  The English is beyond merely superb. It is simply scintillating, and so astoundingly good in terms of word and vocabulary selection as to leave the reader amazed.  One facet that was most enjoyable was the number of attorneys and judges who spoke.  Masters, of course, practiced law for a number of years, and used this experience to depict realistic portraits of many lawyers, all of whom anyone in the law knows all to well. Carefully perused, the work is truly a novel, not a mere series of poems, and a great novel.  Masters apparently poured his whole being into the effort, since he never remotely produced anything of its quality again. Buy, read it a bit at a time.  You will treasure it always.   My recommendation is so high as to be off the scale.     