 In so titling this review, I do not intend to cast aspersions on the author's indefatigable industry and considerable scholarship.  He marshalled an impressive array of data and sought sensible conclusions from it, based on the state of scientific knowledge at the time.  This was in the finest period of scientific inquiry.  However, subsequent discoveries have vitiated many of Hapgood's premises and his ultimate conclusion of geologically sudden wandering of the poles is supported by neither earth science, physics, nor Quaternary paleontology. It must be remembered that Hapgood wrote this book before the advent of plate tectonics, and while continental drift was rejected by all but a few scientists.  Admittedly, an analysis of magnetic lines of force in ancient igneous deposits would supprt his conclusion of wandering poles, IF there was no such thing as moving continents. But there is.  Likewise, with reference to sudden large animal extinctions at the end of the Pleistocene Epoch, research now shows that prehistoric hunting techniques were far more advanced than previously thought, and that extinction of many of the large creatures then living was due to man-created overkill, something that is going on even today.  As to climate peculiarities such as an open Arctic Ocean at the height of the Ice Age advances, research has disclosed that such is to be expected in the event of North American glaciation. Author Hapgood, and his devotees, therefore, find themselves in a position better than the Velikovskyites, but in one which, like theirs, has been obviated by the discovery of facts and scientific principles which were not available to Hapgood when he wrote this book.  Therefore, although the book is highly interesting, and even persuasive in the face of a lack of advanced study of Earth sciences, I do not find its conclusions credible in this day and and age.  It is a pity that Hapgood is not with us now, for his inquisitive mind and obvious genius and industry would benefit us greatly. My lukewarm recommendation of this interesting book is based on the foregoing.  It is a good primer on how science develops, but not an accurate guidebook to the past in terms of conlusions.     