 The so-called Little Ice Age was one of a series of climatic changes in the Holocene that serve to remind us we still live in a period of relatively frigid climate.  Several books have been done on this phenomenon, from which we are still emerging.  This book is by all odds the best, even though some of the material is dated in terms of conclusions drawn. Following a most worthwhile introductory chapter, author Grove turns to a review of how the cooler weather impacted various regions, including Iceland, Scandinavia, the Alps, North America, and New Zealand.  Although diagrams are provided, the best proof of the ice advances and retreats lies in fine black and white photos and narratives of persons who lived in areas where farms were destroyed, people had to leave, and life was threatened by famine.  The photos are in black and white because, for the most part, they were taken before color film processing was invented.   The author also presents an excellent discussion of how morainal advances show the Little Ice Age was hardly a singular event, and follows this analysis with a general review of Holocene warmings and coolings.  Plainly, even geologically short interglacial periods, such as we now live in, are marked by fluctuations in climate.  The text is well-written, well organized, and easily readable.  In its closing pages, the book reflects on how even minor changes in climate can have have dire consequences.  The book notes that Norse colonies in Greenland were destroyed, and that the people died of famine when they could not leave because ice choked the North Atlantic. Although the concept of the Atlantic Conveyer Belt had not yet been articulated, author Grove preseents data inferring its existence.  She also addresses the concept of warming climate, but mercifully spares the reader any conclusions as to its cause. I found the book to be exceptionally informative, and would ecommend it to anyone, student, graduate, or interested layman, who enjoys reading about glaciation, climate, geology, or all of the.     