 There isn't any question that Keys has done a copious amount of research, particularly in the area of medieval history. His conclusion as to the causative agent of the Dark Ages, a "supervolcanic" eruption at Krakatau, is highly questionable. Keys seizes upon Krakatau as the culprit based on reports from Chinese sources that "thunder" was twice heard to the "southwest". Keys then extrapolates this report into a devastating, island-separating blast at Krakatau... However, Keys' theory hits the shoals of reality after that. First, so far as the writer is aware, no basis has been shown to shift the date of Krakatau's last major outburst prior to 1883 from its generally reported and accepted date of 416 A.D. Keys' attempts to do so are supported by no one else. This extraordinary date shift should be supported by harder evidence than the speculation Keys provides.  The point is this. No evidence of a "supervolcanic" Yellowstone-Toba style eruption has been geologically demonstrated at Krakatau, let alone in 535 A.D. A gargantuan eruption HAS been shown at Rabaul in 536 A.D., however. The other mentioned eruptions could and should have produced the effects Keys mentions in at least one hemisphere, but if they did, I am not aware of hard evidence.  This is not to say that Keys' theory of causation should be rejected out of hand. Certainly, Krakatau has had at least two very violent eruptions in historical time. However, other explanations simply suffice better, in my view.  I cannot fault Keys' general proposition that the course of history worldwide may be changed by single catastrophic event, and indeed, no less a pair of eminent historians than the late Will and Ariel Durant have noted that "Mankind exists by geological consent". Cerainly, Keys' historical research is impressive... Keys' book would rate a five-star rating, but for his unfortunate tendency to take a position, i.e., the Krakatau theory, and then shift evidence, in a rather extraordinary manner, to support it... Despite its wonderful research and thought-provoking theories, this book fails to satisfy that burden. The book remains a must-read, however, and I guarantee you will enjoy it to the hilt.     