 This must-read book cuts across political, social, and economic lines in showing how the American West was sold out, chopped up, and done in by men of low moral tone, absolute lack of scruple, obsessive aim, and not least, no spine at all. Harsh words, perhaps, but read on. You will read the story of Floyd Dominy, director of the Bureau of Reclamation, who was a man of immense sexual appetites, little capacity for discipline, and an enormous ambition for power, regardless of expense to one and all, except himself. The tales of how he captivated, and literally owned certain key congressmen are enough to make one retch. Left to his own devices, Dominy would have dammed up the Grand Canyon, Dinosaur Monument, the canyons in Canyonlands and Arches National parks, and anything else where concrete could be poured and contractors kept happy. Who paid for all this TVA-West stuff? You and I are STILL paying for it, not in taxes, but in loss of scenic grandeur that was your birthright until Dominy and his crooked pals got hold of it. Probably the only good thing James Watt did was fire this malefactor of governmental power.  Read about William Mulholland and how he jammed the water plans for Los Angeles down others' throats, and how he passed buck when things failed. Again, the corruption and intrigue are unbelievable and disgusting.  Read how all these grandiose schemes will fail, and are failing. Lack of foresight, or active refusal to accept inevitable limitations, is the reason. As with all other societies based on irrigation and water hoarding, the house of cards created at the whim of private capital's shortsightedness will eventually fall.  When the next xerothermic climate period hits, as it did in 1240 A.D., and when Nebraska becomes a desert and Phoenix and Los Angeles wither, this book will serve as a reminder to both those evacuating the West, and those being forced to accept these refugees, that a sane water policy cannot be based on economic gain and venial whims of politicians and unscrupulous developers. Will anyone listen then? Stay tuned.     