 Let's hit the good things first.  The author is a person of undoubted scholarship, reputation, and industry.  He specializes in dendrochronology, the science of analyzing tree rings to ascertain the past.   By doing so, Dr. Baillie has uncovered several patterns of altered climate within the past six millenia, the last about 536 A.D.  That these events were catastrophic seems beyond argument.   Dr. Baillie's discusssion of the science of dendrochronology is extremely informative, as are the conclusions of the physical events that he draws from his work.  This much of the book is must reading for anyone interested in paleoarchaeology, as well as more recent events.  I must admit, however, that I am somewhat put off by any attempt to link enormously ambiguous ancient writing with real events, let alone attempts to engraft specific conclusions onto these ambiguities.  To his credit, Dr. Baillie largely holds his conclusions somewhat in check, but, even so, portion of the book end up by paraphrasing such discredited "experts" as von Daniken and Velikovsky.  It may be that some ancient writings do reflect cosmic accidents, but I am extemely skeptical that most of them do.  Dr. Baillie wholly ignores the undisputed fact that a stupendous volcanic eruption occurred at Rabaul in A.D. 536, and that the even larger Crater Lake and Kikai caldera-forming eruptions occured in centuries immediately preceding 4000 B.C.  Yet these events would as equally well, if not better, explain the tree ring anamolies Dr. Baillie has found.  Certainly, the timing of these events, particularly Rabaul,  is right on the mark.  Other timely volcanic events also exist.  As a consequence, the book seems to have reached its conclusions without all the facts being analyzed.  This reviewer is also skeptical of the much-publicized Clube-Napier analysis that Earth is frequently hit by large damaging meteor storms, an analysis borrowed by Dr. Bailey in support of his conclusions.  No sedimentary or other kindred analysis has ever been offered to support these speculations, espcially the hypothesis that the Irish Sea was struck by a comet in A.D. 540.  Dr/ Baillie's conclusions are certainly PLAUSIBLE, but are they  supported with sufficient evidence, apart from ambiguous tree ring discoveries, to attain the status of a testable theory?  This writer believes not, and therefore, Dr. Baillie has not made his case, in my view.  Dr. Baillie's text is eminently understandable to anyone with a limited scientific background.  However, the smallness of the print makes for difficult reading.  Based on these considerations, I give the book three stars, and recommend it in accordance with the preceding caveats.     