 This book is an engaging mixture of anecdote, some facts, and a good deal of speculation.  This interesting amalgam doesn't harden into convincing evidence,however, and the book is neither persuasive nor a good learning vehicle as a result.  Rather than expatiate, I simply observe that it is better than "The Coming Superstorm", which is a patent fraud.  The real problem is that all these latter-day catastrophists ignore a few simple realities and a lot of history.  Example: Of course any disaster based on inclement weather is probably going to be worse than a similar episode was 100, or 500, or even forty, years ago.  This doesn't even come close to proving climate change.  Rather the reason is simply because there are a lot more people, especially in environmentally hazardous areas, such as seacoasts and barrier islands, seismic zones, and flood plains. HELLO! If more people weren't killed than previously, the weather would have to have a merciful aim, something it does not possess to my knowledge. Another pitfall lies in the specter of rising sea levels.  If you just think about it, melting sea ice can't raise sea levels any more than melting ice in your summer drink raises the level of the fluid in your glass.  Why?  Because ice is simply frozen water, and when it melts, the space the new liquid water takes up was space abandoned by the previously frozen ice when it melted.  In point of fact, ice takes up MORE space than liquid water!  That's why it floats. So don't wail and gnash your teeth when a SEAGOING Antarctic ice shelf lets loose a 4,000, or even a 40,000 square mile iceberg, because that ice shelf is already floating in the ocean.  When land-based glaciers begin calving into the ocean in that range, call me.  I haven't seen it yet.  The same with melting Arctic sea ice.   Finally, the matter of warming.  The atmosphere is getting warmer, no doubt, but it hasn't approached the "Climatic Optimum" level of 4000 B.C. when Holocene temperatures reached their peak.  Since then, by intermittent stages, the climate has cooled.  Even so, from 1240-1289 A.D., the western United States was seized by heat and drought.  The Anasazi were forced from Colorado, and the Nebraska Sand Hills were a moving dune field, not grass-covered, as they are in today's cooler,wetter climate.  What would today's Calamity Janes say to a recurrence of that?   So, while I can't say the warming climate is not influenced by man, (it may well be, no one knows), I can and do say that professional worry warts like Bell and Reiss ought to get a little grip on common sense.  Of course, since journalists know that blood and suffering sell, they may already be exercising  it as they cry on their way to the bank.     