 From early times, men have fantasized about what it would be like to become invisible, as witness medieval stories about cloaks of invisibility, and the like. Wells's novel, placed at the turn of the last century, puts the dream into a modern context, but in it, the dream becomes a nightmare.  The beginning of the book deals with the coming of the man, who has invented a way to become invisible, and used it on himself, to a small English town.  He is essentially a refugee.  The Invisible Man is irritable to the point of homicidal madness, a trait engendered both by secretive overwork on his discovery and by the effects of the decolorizing agent. Because his invisibiity has caused him to go about naked, the Invisible Man has suffered terribly in the English winter, and he has clothed himself in bandages and stolen clothing to hide his newfound status. Still, he is undone by the nosiness of strangers and eventually flees again to find himself in the home of a former acquaintance, one Kemp.  In explaining his dilemma to Kemp, the Invisible Man, an albino scientist named Griffin, discloses that he discovered a compound that decolorized blood, and that as an albino, he was the perfect test case. Discussion of the refractory powers of light dominates this portion of the book, in a manner understandable to anyone.  However, taking the chemical creates great pain, and madness. Wells's analyses of the problems facing one who has become invisible is extremely thorough, and done in the context of Griffin's narrative.  One must be careful not to go about in the rain, where he would appear as a bubble, or in the fog, where he would appear as an opening in the vapor.  One cannot walk through mud or puddles without his feet becoming visible, and must eat in hidden places, because the food eaten remains visible until digested.  The curiosity of dogs and persons with keen senses is aroused because the Invisible Man still leaves a scent and makes sounds as he moves about.  And the lack of protective garments makes one extraordinarily sensitive to heat, cold, and inclement weather. Eventually, the Invisible Man turns to murder and arson to cover his "tracks" and, in the end, is undone and killed when he returns to attack Kemp.  The novel bogs down a bit here. Wells's importance to creating s/f writing as a genre is that he used available science to explain how his fantasies came about.  In this respect, he differs from Verne and other predecessors, as well as a good many successors.  This trait makes his stories possess a veneer of believability uncommon to most s/f.  The Invisible Man is one of Wells's best novels, and I can guarantee that you will enjoy it if you like s/f.  Highly recommended.     