 The British author, H.G. Wells, was a man of many gifts.  He wrote the "Outline of History", a superb, two-volume work on man's path through the ages, and many novels about English middle class life.  Wells is perhaps best remembered, however, as one of the founders of science fiction.  Of his many novels and short stories of this genre, War of the Worlds is one of the best. A cautionary note or two appears appropriate here.  First, I hope you read this book before you see any of the movies taken from this novel.  Screenwriters uniformly butcher good literature, and this book has suffered more than most at the hands of these amateurs.  Second, Wells wrote many of his s/f novels nearly a century ago, and it is neither helpful nor appropriate to an enjoyable reading to compare the scientific knowledge of today with Wells's narratives, which were based on the best science of his time. As opposed to the more famous Jules Verne, Wells is an accomplished novelist, and keen wordsmith.  His disciplined writing is geared to an educated, adult mind.  You won't find any untied ends, or sheer voyages into fantasy, here.  Instead, War of the Worlds is a very believable narrative of what would happen if modern man confronted a vastly superior, ruthless alien invader.  The fact that a century has passed and science has learned far more about the physical universe doesn't matter at all.  Human nature has not changed, and it is here that Wells is peerless in terms of analytical description. The novel takes place in 1890's-1900's England, at a time when England was the most powerful nation on Earth.  The introduction is Genesis-like in quality, describing how man lay somnolent in the face of a gathering alien threat.  Without warning, the aliens suddenly appear, and man greets them in innocent gestures of friendship, only to be slaughtered by giant robotic devices carrying heat-rays,(lasers), poison gas, and devices capable of powered flight, none which man had yet invented or used in warfare.  The result, of course, is an absolute rout in which the best and worst of people appear.  It doesn't spoil things to note that the Martian invaders are beaten by Earth microbes, since everyone knows that anyway.  Wells's description of this defeat contains passages as good as any in literature. This book is the first in which man confronts aliens from places other than Earth, and many commentators have tried to draw more from it than appears on its face.  Whether Wells intended an oblique criticism of British imperial policy is unknown to this writer, and I suggest that it really doesn't matter.  What is apparent is that only quality novels can engender such hypotheses, and the fact that such theories have surfaced shows the depths of Wells's writing. Whether you finish the book viewing it as a morality play, or simply a visonary, well-written work, you will enjoy it immensely.  I do not make the statement in jest that I consider it one of best novels ever written.  I recommend it very highly.     