 This book is one of a kind; a true classic for the ages.  Commencing in the 19th Century it sets the philosophical foundation of the Nazi Party, examining the persons who created the ideology.  Moving to Hitler's youth, the forces that shaped him are closely reviewed.  Shirer then shows the rise of the Nazis as a political force in post World War I Germany, and how this was aided by an overly harsh Armistice treaty, hyperinflation, and a weak government.  All of this is covered in what seems to be excruciating detail, but once the reader peruses the easily understandable text, it becomes apparent that a lesser treatment would almost be worse than no examination at all. Shirer then turns to the Nazis' ascent to power, and the years prior to World War II.   Masterfully exhibiting a deft touch, Shirer exhaustively traces the consolidation of power, the first anti-Jewish atrocities, and the almost innumerable opportunities the West squandered in failing to stifle Nazism by diplomacy and appeasement, instead of using or threatening use of force.  One by one, the Rhineland, Austria, Memel, Czechoslovakia and Spain fell into the Nazi orbit. Shirer's best work, in my opinion, is the discussion concerning the events leading up to the invasion of Poland.  Hitler's cynical dealings with the equally cynical Russians are amazingly detailed in this book.  A sense of breathless anticipation ensues as the date of the Polish invasion draws near.  And finally the war begins. Shirer's treatment of the Second World War is superb.  He focuses not so much on specific battles, but weaves them seamlessly into a general narrative of how the various thrusts, including the Balkans, Scandinavia, France, North Africa and Russia proceed from the Reich viewpoint.  A fascinating chapter includes Hitler's aborted plan for an English invasion, and what would have been done had it succeeded.  Shirer's research is such that he questions the loyalty of the Duke of Windsor, a by-now accepted premise, forty years ahead of its time.  As the tide turns against Germany, Shirer veers slightly and presents a magnificent chapter about the Nazi genocides and atrocities, setting forth what was done in grisly detail.  This reading is not for the squeamish, but it is necessary to understand what the true nature of the Third Reich was. He then turns back to D-Day and the collapse of Germany, concluding with the bomb plot against Hitler, and his subsequent suicide. One of the better parts of the book is the Epilogue, which covers the Nuremberg trials, and what was adduced by them.  This is must reading. This book, and its companion work on the Collapse of France, comprise a rather complete history of Western Europe in the years 1870-1945.  Certainly, they are a winter's worth of reading, but you will never find them dull, disappointing, or inaccurate.  Shirer's two works are epic in stature, and will be read years from now.  There are no photographs, and few maps.  Those maps that are presented are very well done.  Shirer is to be commended for his herculean effort and his studied objectivity in discussing such a cataclysmic evil.   Again, the book is a true classic.  I recommend it highly.  NEVER LOAN IT OUT TO ANYONE.     