 This book points out the obvious, of course, that Al Gore, if he had any scruples, certainly let blind ambition overrule them in this instance.  Just so Republicans take no comfort, recall John Mitchell and Oliver North, to name only two. After the election in November, many pro-Gore people, including that noted constitutional scholar, Hillary Clinton, wanted to abolish the the electoral college, saying this would obviate the problem in the future..  What NONSENSE!  For shame, Hillary.  Did you really go to Yale?  Law school? The real point transcends party lines, however.  Without the electoral college, our whole form of government would change.  We would necessarily have to become a parliamentary democracy.  The would be no alternative.  Neither Clinton, George W. Bush, Nixon in '68, nor Kennedy in '60 had a majority of the popular vote.  Only the electoral college enabled them to assume the Presidency.  What would have happened without it? First, either a runoff, which would be time-consuming and expensive, or a plurality rule, would be necessary to declare a victor.  Either would require not one but several constitutional amendments.   In the case of a plurality rule, given the fact that splinter parties, representing special interests, such as abortion or opposition to it, environmentalists, minorities, etc, would assume undue paramounce and an enhanced ability to upset an election.  If a candidate were allowed to accumulate vote from more than one party, the way would exist to require a fundamental change from a republic to a parliamentary democracy, with its attendant chaos. The electoral college requires a majority electoral vote for one to succeed to the Presidency.  If that cannot be done by the electors, the election goes to a House vote to select a President by majority vote of the members. If a deadlock occurs in the House, the Senate must pick a Vice-President from the two top electoral vote getters, no more. The person selected by the Senate shall serve as acting President until the House reaches a majority vote on one of the candidates, which winner then assumes the Presidency.  You could look it up in the Twelth and Twenty-Fifth Amendments.  So what do you want, a system that guarantees you a President efficiently, without haggling or bargaining with spliter groups being necessary, or a wholesale shift in our way of government? I vote for the former, and state that any thinking person would do likewise when made aware of the facts.  Save the Electoral College.  Imagine what Gore or Nixon would have done without it!!! What has been outlined in this book would be as nothing.     