 I am astonished this book is out of print. Unlike most books warning of future calamities, this one's subject, a great earthquake devastating Tokyo and surrounding towns on the Kanto plain, is virtually certain to happen. The only question is "When?".  The answer would appear to be, "Any time at all, now.", given the fact that detailed record-keeping shows a tremendous earthquake strikes this area about every seventy years, and that the last one was on September 1, 1923!  Japan is the world's most severe-earthquake-prone area.  The author sets forth, in harrowing detail, not only what may be expected when the catastrophe occurs, but what may be expected to precede and, even more importantly, to follow the temblor.  A widespread cataclysm on the Kanto Plain will prove devastating to the economy all over the world, given Japanese overseas investment, which investment would naturally be withdrawn to rebuild the shattered megalopolis, and its varied heavy and light industry, as well as its many world business headquarters.   Indeed, given the inflated value of Japanese realty, every insurer around the globe will be jeopardized, not only through direct policies issued, but through reinsurance policies taken out by other insurance companies.  This is the tip of the iceberg. Loss of life may be astronomical.  This would include countless business leaders and their families.  also to be expected would be immense political chaos and instability in one of the world's leading economic powers.  Yoour own stock portfolio, retirement fund, company pension and job may be greatly implicated.  This is the one regional disaster that can easily shift history.   You should be informed about this ever-approaching calamity.  Unless plate tectonics ceases to operate, and it won't, this disaster is going to happen, and it is going to affect you!! This book doesn't have all the answers, and probably not even all the questions, given the complexity of Japanese society and economic structures.  But it will make you think, and that's the first line of defense.  I'll bet your stockbroker or financial advisor doesn't know about this, but he or she should.  After you read the book, have them read it too.  Then decide how to protect yourself, and do it, because this is one disaster that is going to wait for nobody.  It is going to make Kobe's earthquake look like small potatoes.  I guarantee it.     