 Last weekend I stopped to help two stranded motorists and ended up inadvertently driving a prostitute all over town and helping one of the passengers obtain some drugs. I sheepishly told the story to a colleague, who said I have GOT to read "The Gift of Fear" I finished it in two days. It is engaging and interesting: lots of sex and violence. The main thesis of the book is that violent acts do not occur without warning, and trusting and sharpening one's intuition (gut feeling) may save your life. The author recounts how he grew up in a violent home and founded on of the largest risk assessment agencies in the world; one that advices police, movie stars, the FBI, the CIA, and anyone else worried about a possible assailant. After recounting dozens of murders and rapes, he ends his book by warning about watching too much violence in television and becoming overly worried. In his afterward, he recounts tales of several people who have been helped by his book. Now let me add a little of my own pop psychology: when one is in a conversation with another person, there are two useful things to ask yourself (other than the obvious question of veracity): why is the person telling me what they are and what are they not telling me that normally would be included. So I'm going to pretend, that the book is the author's conversation. First the why. The author wants to warn us to protect us. But also he includes dozens of examples about how astute he and his agency are. He engages us by telling us that he too has been a victim. He tells us that one can always protect oneself if we use the teachings found in the book, and that in the future it is likely that genetic testing or chemical testing of another individual will do away with his computer test assessments. There is a bit of blaming the victim: they somehow put up blinders to the signals they were getting and they should have known. I've heard the same thing about holocaust victims, and it disturbs me. Second: what is not told. All murders drank milk at one time in their lives, so milk drinking predicts violence. What is the chance of these same signals occuring in non violent situations? Which are really predictive in differentiating safe from unsafe situations? All people who shoot others have bought, borrowed, or stolen guns, so the absence of these totally predicts safety from being shot, but what is the actual risk from all persons that have a gun. How often to men stop to help a woman that is lifting a heavy suitcase and say "Let me help you with that" (when undoubtedly they should ask rather than say "May I help you") If one wants to talk to someone else, might one use the term "we" rather than "you" and "I" just out of the desire for conversation? These are grey areas. But  most importantly, what is left out is why we discount our intuitions and how we can recognise and correct this. The answer can be found in most con games: we discount our instincts out of pride, greed, habituation, ethical bent, etc. That really should have been directly discussed rather than briefly touched on in a disconnected way. So if the conclusion is to be more attentive to our "gut feelings", the conclusion is the same as a hundred other self help books and somewhat banal. I would give this a 3/5 stars for engaging writing and some good insights into human nature and descriptions of details often left out of news reports. I wish he diminished his self promotion and scare tactics and had commented on frequency of PIM's in non dangerous situations.     