 If you are used to high end Avid systems, like Nitris, you will appreciate the similar menu system in Avid Xpress Pro. That is undoubtedly the main advantage to this over comperable non linear editing programs. The program relies heavily on keyboard shortcuts, and once one gets use to them, editing is faster than with using the mouse to drag, drop, and trim. The program includes installers for both PC and MAC, and is an advantage in mixed platform areas where people share data.  The competition includes Final Cut Pro (for MAC only), Premiere Pro (PC only), Sony Vegas (PC), and Pinnacle Liquid Edition.  Compared with FCP, it has a cleaner but more nonintuitive interface and lacks the ability to assign modes (multiply, screen, overlay, lighten, etc.) to layers. FCP is much easier to use for adding effects. Xpress Pro allows nesting of effects, but is much more cumbersome for multiple effects.  Compared to Premiere Pro, the features are almost identical. Unlike Premiere Pro, nesting sequences are not supported. If one is used to the razor tool to split clips, FCP and Premiere Pro have this tool, but Xpress Pro does not. In Xpress Pro, one needs to create separate subclips with different in/out settings and this takes a few steps.  Xpress Pro is comperable in price to other NLE's, but to get the full spectrum of tools for composting, creating DVDs, editing music, etc., it is more expensive than the Adobe Video Collection (which includes Premiere Pro, After Effects, Audition, and Encore). It matches best with Avid's Pro Tools for audio and Boris Red for adding effects.  As a fast clip editor, it can't be beat. However, its interface lags far behind both Premiere Pro and FCP. For instance, in Premiere Pro, one can change the time position, move a clip, or trim a clip all directly by clicking on the clip. In Xpress Pro, all three of these require an additional click on the associated tool first. FCP and Premiere Pro have intuitive systems to alter multiple effects assigned to a clip, but in Avid, the process is slower and more cumbersome.  In the first week of use, I crashed Xpress Pro twice, but lost no edits. Premiere Pro 1.5 is more stable (but it was less stable in previous versions).     