 Turco is clearly a man in lust of poetic forms and methods.  How long he spent learning the art, compiling information on various meters, stanzas, rhyme schems, and the like, I can't say, but he's done a very thorough job.  That he doesn't cover free verse is perfectly understandable as this is, indeed, a book of forms (but to dismiss it outright as poetry at all is part of Turco's trademark pretention).  Unfortunately, for somebody writing a book subtitled "A Handbook of Poetics," Turco not only doesn't attempt to make this handbook easy to use, at times he seems to bend over backwards to cause as much frustration as possible. Take, for instance, an example.  Let's say you want to write a Spenserian stanza.  Well, you go and check the index--there are four pages listed, but page 271 is in bold, so you turn there (be glad you weren't looking up shanty, which contains two listings, both in bold).  Well, no such luck, instead we are told that the Spenserian stanza is discussed in the "section on Narrative Poetry."  One can respect Turco's decision not to repeat information already stated, but to not even give a simple page number where an outline of the form can be found smacks of a pretentious "I already told you that" attitude.  It won't take long to check the other three listings, but by then the annoyance has already set in. The six-page specific form index, where poetic forms and stanzas are arranged according to the number of lines they contain would be quite helpful--if Turco provided page numbers here.  Apparently because he put them in the misleading index there was no need to put them in a place where they would be easily accessible and more useful.  An extra twenty minutes on Turco's part could have eased a lot of headaches. This is a helpful book that would come in handy for any poet or prosody student.  But after three editions and still being arranged in such a ridiculous matter, I can't hep but think that it's time a new Book of Forms written by somebody who is not Lewis Turco to be published.     