 While it is quite possible for many of these stories to stand on their own, each individual chapter in Asimov's classic on the mind, behavior, and history of robots is connected with the others, forming a coherent personalized account of his fabled robot histories. "I, Robot" features robots from a time many modern science-fiction fans can't remember--the 40s.  Given the age of these stories, they hold up surprisingly well, with a few small exceptions such as the absense of microchips and even the mention of "vacuums" being used in the robots' construction.  The robots' construction is not the main interest of Asimov though, and this book would have been just as interesting and important had he not introduced the positronic brain.  Asimov's interest is the activities of the robot brain itself. A robot will go insane if presented with a logical fallacy?  Robots will often lose their nerve if confronted with situations of varying danger to humans?  Robots will outright lie to a human if they think the truth will hurt them?  All consequences of Asimov's now legendary Three Laws of Robotics.  Through these laws, Asimov's series of stories not only tell the history, but also how certain problems within the laws came to light and were solved.  The strict programmed code of behavior (later correctly compaired to a rigid ethical system or religion) is what guides every robot's action--unless it is tampered with, and even then the actions of merely perverted responses to the Three Laws. So what do we have here?  We have a series of well-written and fascinating stories involving puzzling problems and troubleshooting by technicians and "robopsychologists".  More than that, the three laws exemplify human behavior in relation to religion.  Only with robots, to break these rules or go against leads to insanity, or no action at all.  Or maybe you don't need to be thinking about that while reading.  Asimov's fatherly writing style, neither entirely quaint or mind-numbingly complicated, and ability to write "out of time", so to speak, maybe for a very long-lived classic of SF, both fun to read and interesting in its influence.  His characters follow a few standard models and hardly vary too much, but I was not bothered by this seeing as how the stories were crafted so well and the characters weren't unrealistic.  Now if he could only take care of the Gilbert and Sullivan references, there'd be nothing stopping this from attaining the status of a truely timeless classic.     