 Pulitzer Prize winning biography of Theodore Roosevelt Edmund Morris' biography of Reagan was twenty years in the making.  Was it worth the wait?  Well, yes and no.  There are flaws, yes, as a lot of reviewers have pointed out.  There is also a lot of good in this book, too. First, the good.  Morris devotes equal time to all aspects of Reagan's life.  Contrast this to the typical presidential bio where the childhood and adolescence of this historical figures are glided over in order to get the "good stuff."  Morris is as interested in where Reagan came from as where he wound up.  Morris' research is astounding (he complains on occasion that the Reagan Library is the most least used of the presidential libraries).  He includes exerts from papers a young Dutch wrote as a child, college essays, not to mention the amount of analysis and information Morris obviously went through.  The man clearly wanted to understand his subject.  He can be faulted for failing, perhaps, but not for trying. Despite criticism to the contrary, I did not find any indication in this book that Morris thinks of Reagan as the "amicable dunce" he was so often portrayed as.  Aloof, yes, but even Reagan's most trusted confidants would have to admit that.  In fact, Morris might suffer from a bit too much admiration for Reagan.  Instances where Morris arbitrarily chose Reagan's side in a fight piled up so fast I found myself almost wishing I could have voted for him.  Hero-worship is one thing; glossing over flaws is another (to his credit Morris does admit that Reagan "wasn't very tolerant in the 50s", I suppose). Then, there's the controversial decision Morris made--he put himself in the book as the narrator, a man whose life paralleled Reagan's own.  Sometimes, it works, as when he describes 1920s Dixon, IL, or the building of the exact replica of Japan.  But the closer we get to Reagan's presidency, the more Morris' poetic style and first-person sensibilities become distracting.  Then annoying.  Sometimes even obnoxious. Many have gotten the impression that Morris thinks he's better than Reagan and that Reagan is, in fact, just a lucky schmo blessed with a stunning oratory skill and likable manner.  This isn't the case as Morris is very clearly intrigued and perhaps even enamored with the Commander in Chief.  However, it's easy to see where readers would get the impression.  Morris makes it clear right from the start he styles himself an intellectual by his use of constant foreign phrases that continue throughout the book.  They don't add subtext.  They don't contribute to the narrative.  And they don't make us think Morris is any more artistic and sublime than he really is. There are changes in the structure, such as pages where the we get a movie script of real events and whatnot, and while I thought it was interesting I can understand why others would rather have not had them. I liked it.  Edmund Morris, for all his ridiculous excesses, is a valuable researcher whatever you think of his writing.  And even that writing does hit home at times, and perhaps even the most ardent Reagan hater could feel a little sympathy for the President.     