 The major merits of Fitzgreald's dense tome is that it undeniably calls to attention perhaps the most blatantly misguided policy of the Reagan years--SDI, "Star Wars", the anti-nuclear missile defense system that cost the taxpayers billions and failed to deliver.  Reagan partially concieved and spearheaded the admirable goal of breaking the deadlock MAD [mutually assured destruction] had on U.S.-Soviet relations.  Despite Reagan's vision, or maybe because of it, SDI was an unmitigated failure.  Fitzgerald highlights Reagan's hands-off approach to his cabinet, which lead to massive problems and came close to destroying his reputation when Iran-Contra broke.  Why, then, with such a tight grasp of these particular concepts and the researched facts to back them up, is Fitzgerald's book less than perfect? For one thing, the reader doesn't get the whole story on a number of points.  Had Fitzgerald restricted her focus entirely to SDI the book would be nearly flawless.  However, she's intent on showing how Reagan's dedication to SDI is related to other less-than-perfect incidents in his administration.  And so we get the financial wiz-kid and architect of the miserable supply-side "Reaganomics" David Stockman being portrayed as a hapless bystander to Reagan's barrage of indifference (Lou Cannon demonstrates otherwise).  Don Regen is shown to be screwed over by Reagan's indifference (Edmund Morris sets the record straight in this regard).  Sure, Reagan did often give off the impression of indifference, whether or not he was so.  It is simplifaction to say that Reagan just didn't care, though. The intense, limited scope of Fitzgerald's research shows through in other areas.  Henry Kissinger's seemingly irrational support of SDI makes no sense without knowledge of Nixon's Safeguard plan in the 70s, where Nixon and Kissinger--much like some of Reagan's aids hoped to do with SDI--started an ABM system program in order to bargain it away with the Soviets. Fitzgerald's work is valuable but only in context with other works studying Reagan and his legacy.  The casual reader interested in the how and why of Reagan should look elsewhere and come back here only after learning more background.     