 The Stand is Stephen King's grand apocalyptic epic.  And while perhaps not great literature, it's a very good book.  The nearly 1200 pages are well worth reading if you're a fan.  Otherwise, I'd steer more towards his shorter books. Of course, The Stand is about a massive man-made plague wiping out most of humanity, and the survivors having to restart civilization.  Simple concept, it's been done before, but of course with King's flare we have an interesting new take on an old idea.  And he's quite successful in this undertaking. King makes the unbelievable seem real through his ability to see both the big picture as well as the minor, little things we see very day but only notice subconsciously--a regular in a coffee shop, a squeeky door, etc.  He then populates his world with real characters that, while mostly unmemorable in the long run, are well-constructed and sympathetic.  We also have the advantage of seeing them before and after the plague, which brings in some excellent personality development. King's talent for horror comes in handy in many points of this novel, and enjoyably so.  From the terrorfying escape of Stu Redman from the government facility, to Larry Underwood's journey through the tunnle of the dead, and even Harold Lauder's chilling expressions, King brings the frightening situation to the reader while still not making The Stand into a horror novel. While most of my complaints dissipated as the novel went on, I do have three specific problems with it.  Not the length, mind you, which is mostly superficial and shouldn't bother anyone who enjoys reading.  First of all, there is a strong conservative bent within the story, sometimes subtle, sometimes painfully obvious.  This bias might not always be present, but when it is it can be quite distracting.  Second, Flagg is not a good protagonist.  I realized this when I saw that the dreams and the thought of him were more threatening than the actual person.  Maybe if we saw more of him, I'd think differently, but as it stands he just wasn't frightening enough.  Third, the supernatural element might have been essential to the story, but oftentimes King seems to use it as an excuse to take the easy way out.  Yet, none of these grievances ultimately diminishes the book.  If the length doesn't bother you I don't see why you wouldn't enjoy it.     