 Vilified by the left and deified by the right, it sometimes seems like Reagan can't get a chance at being remembered for being a human being.  Decade-long Reagan follower Lou Cannon's nearly 1000 page study of Reagan and his presidency, so far, has proven the first and also the best definitive book on the Reagan Administration. Cannon and Reagan weren't friends, but he did cover him in the news since the Gipper's days as California governor.  But even though Cannon ocasionally offers a helpful anecdote, or expresses sympathies with Reagan, the book is based entirely on his years of reporting and interviews with members of the administration.  The interactions between Haig, Schultz, Weinberg, Mike Deaver, Stockman, Ed Meese, etc. form the backbone of the narrative.  Seeing as how Reagan's paradoxical ability to envision the larger historical picture and his desire to have as little to do with administrative activities as possible, the real players often seem to be the many secretaries and bureaocrats around Reagan. Not necessarily so, Cannon explains, but a fairly accurate simplification.  In addition to Reagan's handeling, mishandeling, and unhandeling of the new economic reform package, the AIDS issue, Iran-Contra, Cannon explores what he and others have learned about Reagan in their years of working with him.  Cannon weaves summaries and examples of Reagan's past throughout the entire book, bringing up personality traits or past experiences when they become relevant to the central story of the Reagan White House.  The former President--a seemingly enigmatic figure, as Cannon admits--comes off as you'd expect; a dedicated, honest, visionary, perpetually friendly, distant, and intelligent but not in the traditional way presidents usually are. Anti-Reaganites will point out that Cannon doesn't spend enough time on Reagan's supposed heartlessness towards the homeless and environment.  The pro-Reagan crowd will be dismayed that Cannon could even suggest Reagan wasn't the perfect messianic presence he's been mythologized to be.  Maybe it's a sign that this is, after all, an informed, even-handed book that should please most people looking for an overall picture of the Reagan Presidency.     