 It is not necessary to understand exactly what Tolkien did to read The Lord of the Rings. A reader does not need to know that Tolkien used his knowledge of the history of the English language to create a language and alphabet of his own to enjoy this epic. You don't even need to realize that many of the themes and mythology of The Lord of the Rings is directly related to the lore of ancient England, legends going back before the written word. You don't need to realize the massive complexity of Middle Earth's mythology--how passing references to the past amount to a much bigger picture to be told another time, much as a small reference to Oddyseus brings up the Odyssey and the Iliad, which in themselves contain the seeds of even larger past myths. No, only a tasting of the effects of Tolkien's efforts are required to read his epic masterpiece. To enjoy Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, all you need to do is look at the characters, the completeness of his universe--with history, mythology, conflict. This is no simple fantasy novel, this is a rich, dynamic world, filled with real characters and fascinating, diverse locals. Tolkien was not just a master creator of worlds and professor, he was also a storyteller to whom few compare. The Lord of the Rings starts out in the simple fairy-tale style of the Hobbit. Even when Gandalf tells Frodo of the dangers Middle Earth is facing, we don't truely get a feel for it. Tolkien's talent comes out when we realize we are gradually becoming aware of Sauron's threat just as the characters are. The Black Riders at first seem just a mysterious, though deadly, hindrance, and their true demonic nature only is revealed with time. For Tolkien to accurately convey the growing sense of dread as he does, THAT is the mark of a writer who will be remembered for many generations. Enough of that; The Lord of the Rings is a classic, one of the great books of the English-speaking world. If you haven't read it, well I feel for you, man. I'd buy you a copy myself if it wasn't avaible in every library in the country.     