 William McGowan's book chronicles in much detail how "diversity" taints news reporting and inhibits healthy and open public discourse on important social and policy issues. The book vividly describes, through many examples from many areas: race, gender, sex orientation, immigration, how "diversity of skin color, sex organs, and ethnicity" not only does not guarantee a genuine diversity of intellect and ideas, but has created an culture of advocacy and often engendered an atmosphere of group think, intimidation of dissent, and high-handed attack of any news reporting from any source that do not square with the liberal script. I cannot genuinely say that I "enjoyed" reading this book, as much of what was chronicled was downright disheartening.  Although the facts of many high profile cases were eventually known, such as the Kelly Flynn case, the Diallo case, the black church-burning drama, and the California Prop 209 vis--vis Ward Connelly case, etc., it was terribly disturbing to learn how the media had manipulated their news reporting to shape public opinion.  There are many other, both high and lower-profile cases that this book documented.  It is enough to make you wonder whether the flagship newspapers such as the NY Times, the LA Times, the Washington Post, etc, and the many broadcast networks, still have any sense of civic responsibility of reporting the facts.  Often in the book, the author wrote:" (the emergence of new evidence) again fell through the journalistic cracks."  More accurately, it was carefully kept in the journalistic closet. Many times, these major media outlets presented their spin on the front page when the news broke and when more facts emerged later that contradicted their view and, more importantly, their faith, they were frequently either ignored or given two paragraphs on page 34.  (I notice that a few conservative pundits do this also.)  The audience, I surmise, were largely left with the earlier, erroneous, impression. It confirms what a lot of people have already sensed through their own experience with the major broadcast and print news media outlets.  I have not watched CBS for ages, and I am one, probably among many, who discontinued a several-decade-long subscription to my local metropolitan newspaper because I found it so biased in its reporting and commentary that has no value to me.  Instead, I look to various news sources on the Internet for information and draw my own conclusions. Given the monotone of the subject and the fact that many of the examples and cases have in fact the same fabric and texture, the book comes across as tedious.  The research is meticulous and pounding is on the mark.  And if you don't mind the ideological undertone, it is worth a few evenings' reading time.     