 This book has an eye-catching title and the author has considerable credentials. The substance of the book, however, is rather lightweight.  The author presents a great deal of information and analysis on many subjects, from history to religion to nationalism to corporate governance, etc.  So, for your money, you get to read a lot, but all without much coherence and with little depth.    Harvey is mildly biased against the United States of America. In some sense his tirades are a good illustration of the adage that your are damned if you do and you are damned if you don't. Harvey criticizes the U.S. military intervention in certain cases, Panama and Grenada, but then he also criticizes the U.S. for not intervening in certain crises, like Bosnia and Rwanda. In fact, there was a "lost decade", according to Harvey, of not sending our troops to maintain order.  His thesis seems to be that if the U.S. flexes her military muscles to protect her interests, it was wrong, she should only put her soldiers in harm's way to pacify ethnic fighting and other regional conflicts where she has no political, economic or military stake.  Thanks a lot for that advice! Harvey argued that even though the September 11 attack was the worst single act of terrorism, it was not REALLY bad when put beside of the vast number of people terrorists killed year-in and year-out; in fact it was "a drop in the ocean" (!) compared with the number of civilians killed in Dresden, Tokyo and Hiroshima during WWII. This is how Harvey asks to put matters in perspective.  His bias notwithstanding, Harvey does offer some sobering facts on how America is intensely disliked in some parts of the world, and why, at least according to his reasoning.  There is, in fact, not much mystery here.  Envy is a powerful human emotion.  If the price for not being disliked were for the U.S. to be a loser, I would not care much for it.  The redeeming values of the book are the breadth of subjects covered and a lucid writing style.  It is not entirely a waste of time as I do want to get a perspective of the U.S. and the world as seen from a Brit, even though I might not be in total agreement.     