 I have for some time trying to find a good book speaking the liberal cause, as the few books I have read in this area were full of rhetoric while scant in logic - this in comparison with many serious thinkers and writers in the libertarian and conservative bent.  I had high hopes on this book. Professor Dworkin is no doubt a serious thinker and a very good writer.  However, I am disappointed in his book.  His theory in equality is well written but not well reasoned.  It seems that the professor lives and thinks in the rarefied theoretical world, but tries to develop a theory that he hopes to put into practice for the real world.   Economists and demographists talk about a distribution as a manifested result of spontaneous transactions, such as the distribution income for a particular year.  The professor's starting premises has to do with a notion of distribution of resources as an action, or the direct result of policies, by some dictating authority (the government).  Although Dworkin tries not to make it sound like his views are socialistic, they in fact are.   Professor Dworkin takes great care to define his preferred notion equality to be distributional equality of resources.  This immediately raises many problems:  Who grants the control of resources?  Where do these resources that are to be granted come from?  Who decides what is a fair (equal) share, given the different needs of different people? What happens over time, when individual actions and choices create new inequalities? The professor is aware of these problems and theorizes on them.  But no reasonable answers can be developed, except in small and/or theoretical cases such as a father in a position to will his assets to his off-springs, or what happens after a shipwreck on a desert island. I did not finish reading the entire book - I could not justify spending time to continue after I concluded that foundation of his theory, as well as much of his "theorized practice" were so wholly academic that they placed serious limits on the usefulness of the theory itself.  Anyway, in all fairness, you should give more weight to those who have read the entire book. For those who seriously ponder on the related issue of equality, fairness and justice, I would highly recommend "The Quest for Cosmic Justice" by Thomas Sowell.  You will be spared the tedious academic theorizing and get a lucid, well-reasoned dissertation on the subject.     