 Given the controversy generated by this book, it is hard to assess the book without referencing the criticisms piled on it. Many reviewers alluded to the fact that many critical and repudiating reviews of the book were from scientific journals. This on the surface commands credence. However, taking a deeper look into this matter reveals something quite different. The science of the environmental studies, mostly conducted in college campuses and in concert with scientific publications, was virtually taken over by the advocate scientists, whereas the old fashion fact-finding scientists have all been silenced. Lomborg's book is an expos on the political agenda of the advocate scientists, their shoddy work and outrageous claims. It is small wonder that loud squeals are heard from the "scientific" community. Their integrity, their competency, and their raison d'tre, no less, are being openly questioned! Reading into some of the refutations (I read a fair number them all, including the ones from Scientific American), one would find a profusion of rhetoric, patronizing and denunciations, but very few actual errors they could cite in Lomborg's book. These criticisms are generally along the lines that Lomborg was a statistician and not a natural scientist, that the issue is "more complicated", or that Lomborg drew conclusions without looking what was happening in the "developing" nations, or that Lomborg selected data to support his claims. (Of course, Lomborg, like anyone else, selects data. But he gave source of the data and also compared data from different sources and explained why a set of data is more credible and/or more consistent with observed facts.) Even the condescending criticism of Lomborg confusing production with consumption about the ocean was not right.  It is customary to refer to the rate of yield from a land or an ocean, or a worker or a machine for that matter, as its productivity.  The ocean is not a consumer; human beings are.  Human beings could not have harvested and consumed the fish if the oceans have not produced them.  The question is whether that productivity can be sustained.  If this productivity had been on an upward trend for thirty years, and is now double what it was in 1970, Lomborg was quite correct in making that claim.  I would not argue that there has not been over-harvesting or depletion over the years.  When they happen, feedback mechanisms, natural, economic and legal, will kick in to stop or correct them. Having read both sides, it is clear to me which side is more objective and credible. ...     