 I was introduced to Friedrich von Hayek through reading Thomas Sowell.  And I decided to read this book because it was a highly recommended read in the Freedom's Nest Website Reading List.   As soon as I started reading  this book, I developed a warm feeling toward the author.  In his original  introduction, Hayek started with: "When a professional student of  social affairs writes a political book, his first duty is plainly to say  so.  This is a political book...."  His candor and his confidence were  so befitting with his great intellect.  Noting that Hayek was an  Austrian, I was impressed by his mastery of the English language and I  enjoyed his writing style.  With mild language and in simple terms, Hayek  made very sweeping predictions and patiently explained his reasoning with  convincing arguments based on economic and human behavioral theories.    Hayek's thesis was that central economic planning will inevitably lead  to governmental control of every facet of its citizen's life, and hence  toward a totalitarian state.  Hayek's other insightful observations:  Nazism, Fascism and communism all have the same roots.  In a totalitarian  state, it is always the ruthless and the unsophisticated who ascend to the  top.  Extensive governmental control harms the society not just in  delivering dismal economic results, but, more seriously, it produces a  psychological change, an alteration in the character of the people.  One  must not forget that when Hayek wrote this book, his was very much a voice  in the wilderness; he was ridiculed and denounced by his contemporaries.   But his ideas stood the test of time!  And blessedly, he lived to see that  - to see first the building and eventually the fall of the Berlin  Wall. This little book was said to have had definitive influence on such  giants as Churchill, Thatcher, Reagan and many others.  Perhaps the book's  influence was best attested to by its being banned in the USSR, China and  many other totalitarian countries. This book belongs on your book shelf.     