 I read the earlier edition of this book a few years back, and now read the current version again.   Steven Goldberg's book advances a simple yet convincing theory:  patriarchy and male dominance is universal among all known societies throughout history of which there is direct evidence.  This universality begs an explanation, and that explanation is found in the difference in the hormonal systems of the two sexes, starting with the hormonal musculinization of the male at the fetal stage. Simple and convincing to some, this theory is anathema to the politically correct crowd, especially the "feminists."  Thus the earlier version of the book had a dubious honor of being the book rejected (by publishers) the most times that was eventually published.  After publishing, furious critics came out and slam the book, predictably. Also predictable, however, was that the critics were mostly political debaters cloaked behind the veritable titles of professors and such, who attempted to discredit Goldberg's theory by rhetoric and muddled logic. Goldberg gave several examples of these professorial arguments and they were downright ....  One would burst out in laughter, for example, after reading the "haggis" argued by professor Fausto-Sterling, or the evasiveness of the Lowontin, Rose and Kamin trio, to mention just two. Goldberg spends a lot of energy to answer his critics and in doing so, he literally elevate it into a science.  This book is thus also a good course in debunking muddled logic-the confusion of a physical law and a statistical claim, the confusion of cause and effect, the "glancing blow" of attacking the excess to discredit the core, the "red herring", and all forms of misrepresentations and flawed logic can find examples in the critics' arguments. If one accepts the scientific method of inquiry, one has to give credence to Goldberg's theory.  As the author wrote: "Empirical analysis in sensitive areas invariably elicits fear, fear that acceptance of its conclusion will compel an unpalatable moral or political position...such fear is never relevant to the correctness of the feared theory..." My criticism of this book is on the writing style.  Goldberg wrote out his theory and arguments in a style similar to that of a mathematical proof.  As a result, the book is littered with long and windy sentences, covering multiple situations, conditions and pre-established fact, in order to make a point.  It requires considerable concentration to follow his long and complex sentences.  Perhaps because Goldberg is in a position of answering his critics, he is extremely careful in laying out his arguments, and clarifying what he says, what he means, and what he does or does not argue or imply.  In a nutshell, the book is quite tedious to read. The concluding part "The Meaning of Male and Female" with a lone chapter is a refreshing exception.  It is polished, thoughtful, and it brings the reader back to the real life of the office and the family living room to illustrate how the stereotypical roles of the sexes have worked to the advantage of society and, indeed, to the survival of the specie. This book is not exactly pleasure reading and is not for the casual reader.  However, except for the ideologically predisposed, it settles the issue of sexual difference in behavioral tendencies.     