 Paul Johnson takes on a line-up of first class intellectuals spanning three centuries, and declares: Beware Intellectuals. By shining a bright light on the dark side of these very public figures - on their greed, their lust and promiscuity, their deceit and arrogance, and especially the despicable way they treated those around them, including and especially their spouse and children while proclaiming selfless love for humanity, Johnson made a strong case on how only human these luminaries truly were.  And posed the question as to how fit intellectuals really were in preaching to others how they should manage their affairs. You will find an idol or two of yours deflated as you read Johnson's well-researched book.  Some would argue that the merits of a man's ideas are independent of the man himself.  This is certainly true with scientific ideas (or theories), which can be empirically validated.  Albert Einstein, Edward Teller, or even James Watson were not necessarily what one wants for close friends, but one would not reject the theories of relativity, thermonuclear reaction and the double-helical structure of DNA for the personal failings of these scientists.  On the other hand, one must wonder aloud the value of the social theories proclaimed by the intellectuals who somehow saw their theories fit for the masses but not for themselves! Perhaps this book is one-sided.  It mostly picked on the leftists.  I am afraid the raw statistics are also quite one-sided.  It is the vision of the left to see themselves as an anointed group who are destined to "run things" to make a better world.  Regardless, I am inclined to think that the intellectuals on the right are just as hypocritical, if fewer in number.   One key point well argued in this book is that the talent of people in one area, which renders them famous, does not give them license to mentor mankind in all affairs.  One sees this folly everyday with many Hollywood and other media celebrities.  "Intellectuals" is a joy to read. While Johnson harshly critiqued the dark side of these intellectuals, he also presented them in the proper historical context and gave due to the epochal importance of their work where it was appropriate.  Johnson's writing style was graceful and engaging.  Like a good historian, he was meticulous with facts and data, which, though selected to support his thesis, were factual nonetheless.  This book, besides being informative, has given me quite a refreshed perspective on intellectuals.  It is one of those books that you read and think about again and again because it is rightly provocative.     