 Tempted as it must be for prosecutors to defeat a giant and legend like Gerry Spence in a courtroom - it would mean immediate fame and legal immortality.  But the giant is not a legend for naught! Gerry Spence is not only a superlative legal tactician, for that alone he would not be what he is.  Gerry Spence is a wonderful storyteller and most of all one eminently gifted in the art of persuasion.  This is amply illustrated by the several books, including this one, authored by Mr. Spence. "Smoking Gun" is a riveting story of how a little guy (actually, a woman) and her son was rescued from the ugly jaws of the law enforcement and legal establishment of the Lincoln County, Oregon.  And how the heroic efforts of a small, dedicated team had made a small difference in the American legal jungle, yet a life-and-death difference to an innocent, nameless woman and her son, struggling to live a simple life. "Smoking Gun" is a sobering story of why we should never develop a complacency over those vested in state power.  Prosecutorial excesses and prosecutorial misconduct may not be widespread, but when that hideous force visits upon an ordinary citizen, it crushes him!  It is for this reason, among others, why we must be vigilant against the concentration and abuse of power, especially state power - I mean even faced with the menace of terrorism. I like Gerry Spence.  I think he is believable.  However, I am never comfortable I get the whole picture with only one side of the story, compelling though it certainly is.  I wish someone knowledgeable in this rather high profile case would offer a challenge of some sort - a book may be, so that that matter can be seen from another light. I like Gerry Spence also because he is a liberal in ideals but he does not embrace the despicable tactics that are the standard fares of most other high profile liberals.  Although I don't always agree with him on issues (I am not a liberal), I can hear him speaking from his heart why he wanted us not to cut down an old grove tree... "Smoking Gun" is written like a novel.  It is very well written and a joy to read.     