 While I do not agree with the rather presumptuous claim of the book's title, this book tells a compelling story of how the Scots put their mark in the modernization of the world in the period that Paul Johnson had characterized as "The Birth of the Modern."   In his book, Herman gave succinct interpretation of the thesis of Henry Home (Lord Kames), Francis Hutcheson, Adam Smith, Dugald Stewart, David Hume and other famous Scottish thinkers.  And how their ideas influenced the transformation of Scotland, England, and later the rest of the world through the work of such legends as Witherspoon, Bell, Carnegie, Livingstone, ... Needless to say, the modern world is not the work of a mere handful of people, much less a mere handful of Scots.  The Scots, however, were the right people at the right time to have exerted a dramatic impact, and in Herman's view, in far greater proportional representation than any other ethnic group.  Herman's story of the Scots placed a great emphasis on the positive side of the Scots' accomplishments.  He also took pains to present, over and over again, the not so glamorous side of the affair - the tribal backwardness, the persistent poverty, the plight of those displaced by progress, the discontent of being subordinate to England, etc, etc.  In the concluding chapter, especially, Herman proffered a critical assessment of the Scottish Enlightenment and the British Empire - that it is a force that has run its course, and modernization is exacting its price on that very society that had brought it to the world.  Some say that Herman is a white supremacist, and some say he has a bias so deep that he presented the Scots in a good light, even in their most dubious enterprises, such as the Opium War.  A white man is no more a white supremacist when he writes about the achievements of white men than a black is a black supremacist when he writes about the achievements of black men.  As to bias, we all have it, although we tend see more clearly that in others.  Herman, in connection with the work of David Livingstone, stipulated that cultural supremacy, as opposed to racial supremacy, was real and tangible and, although I might add, not necessarily permanent - a point of view that certainly did not endear him to the politically correct crowd.  If anyone doubts that, he has quite simply not learned anything from history.        