 This is probably the best version of the Whittaker Chambers's life.  It is particularly useful as a supplement to Chambers's own story: "Witness." Tanenhaus's biography of Whittaker Chamber was written with a deliberately neutral stance, although collaborated well with Chambers's own story.  It was backed by copious and meticulous research, and filled in more than a few gaps.   The most notable gaps in "Witness" included Chambers's strong [same sex] tendencies and his having engaged in habitual [same sex]  acts for a period of time, even though he had made testimonial depositions to that effect.  In fact, in "Witness", the reader gets the impression that Chambers regarded his adversaries' insinuation of his [alternative lifestyle] as a baseless attack.  Another omission was that Chambers, in his youth, was apprehended for stealing significant number of books from two libraries, and was barred from them. These issues later emerged as a strike against him during the Hiss trials.  A third, perhaps most significant "omission" was that Chambers in his own book consistently claimed that the reason he withheld the evidence of espionage was because he wanted to shield Hiss and his family from being prosecuted for a much more serious crime.  The truth of the matter was that Chambers was also shielding himself from the same crime.  Tanenhaus's book provided these facets, which Chambers would rather not get into. Tanenhaus's book also gave a much more nuanced version of the proceedings of the Hiss trials, including defense lawyer Stryker's courtroom rhetoric and the sparring on the Woodstock typewriter.  As well, there were some interesting facets of Chambers's life after the Hiss trial, in particular the writing and publication of "Witness", his declining health, his support of and eventual distancing from Senator Joseph McCarthy, his friendship with the up-and-coming William Buckley, Jr., and the gradual, mellowing shift of his political thinking in his last years away from the extreme right.  Also, Tanenhaus's book added some new material regarding the accusation, which surfaced after the cold war, that tend to put Alger Hiss's guilt beyond reasonable doubt. Although not as riveting as "Witness", this book more than held its own in terms of style, pace, clarity, completeness, and analytic insight.  Tanenhaus also tried hard to maintain a sense of neutrality on a person as complex and controversial as Whittaker Chambers.  I am quite willing to regard "Whittaker Chambers" as the definitive portrayal of the person, and definitive assessment of the Hiss Case.     