 Margaret Thatcher is indisputably one of the most distinguished practitioners of statecraft of the last half century.  Her third and (probably) last book offers a view to the principles and logic behind the policies and actions that led to the revival of the British nation and in partnership with Ronald Reagan the triumph over communism. I deduce that the people who have had the most influence on Margaret Thatcher were Adam Smith, Winston Churchill and Friedrich von Hayek. Accordingly she is motivated primarily by three things: love of freedom, love of Britain, and an unshakable belief in capitalism.  These themes resonate throughout the book.  She also admits to special kindred for America and also the English-speaking people, disdain for the modern day socialists (a.k.a. left-wing liberals) and a strong, reasoned aversion for the European super-state project. At this point in her political life, Lady Thatcher sees no need to be politically correct.  In fact, she seems to find it her duty to speak with candor about many thorny issues that serving politicians of like minds simply can't.  For example, she spoke of Americans having a easily troubled conscience, and with due respect to the drafters of the Declaration of Independence, that of all men (and women) are NOT created equal, and that women are better wielding handbags than bayonets, etc., etc.  These statements, although self-evident even freestanding, are quoted without context here.  When you read the book, you will find many similarly candid assessments as she sorted through issues ranging from the pound sterling to global warming. This book is memoir in nature; as such, not much of it is entirely original.  However, in this one volume, she covers with depth practically every key issue of the current political horizon in all key regions of the world, with both accurate historical context and her own insightful analysis and conclusions. This is genuine stuff from a genuinely great statesman.   It is a rare opportunity to study how this "grocer's daughter" analyzed complex national and international issues and made high-stake decisions that made history, and shares her wisdom with a new generation of world leaders.  It is a very enjoyable read.  You would not want to miss it.     