 "Witness" has been on my reading list for quite some time.  It is after reading Ann Coulter's "Treason", that I decided to read it to get a good understanding of Whittaker Chambers and the Alger Hiss Case.  And I ended up doing this on the double: I also read Sam Tanenhaus's biography of Chambers: "Whittaker Chambers." "Witness" was a moving account of how one person, who endured a disastrous childhood and adolescence in a dysfunctional family, was attracted to the liberal thinking, eagerly sought to become a communist, went through wrenching mental struggles with respect to communist ideology and methodology, eventually broke with the party and its underground apparatus, re-established himself in "respectable" society, and finally made a determination to expose communist infiltration of the U.S. government, culminating in his pivotal role in the trials and conviction of his friend Alger Hiss.   Many people have said this:  Whittaker Chambers was a complex person.  Indeed he was. "Witness" was essentially truthful, albeit somewhat self-serving.  It was filled with vivid details of Chambers's thought processes and gives a rather nuanced (although far from complete) portrayal of the communists, the "open party" as well as the underground (espionage) apparatus.  Except for some minor points, Chambers's account of his life up to that point was fairly independently collaborated by Sam Tanenhaus's biography of Chambers. I say "fairly independently" because Tanenhaus referenced "Witness" quite copiously.  There were so some intentional omissions in "Witness" that are not altogether immaterial, however.  Chambers did not disclose in his book that he had strong homosexual tendencies and had engaged in habitual homosexual acts for a period of time, even though he had made testimonial depositions to that effect.  In fact, in "Witness", one gets the impression that he regarded his adversaries' insinuation of his homosexuality as a baseless attack.  Another omission was that Chambers, in his youth, was apprehended for stealing significant number of books from two libraries, and was barred from them. These issues later emerged as a strike against him during the Hiss trials.  A third, perhaps most significant "omission" was that Chambers consistently claimed that the reason he withheld the evidence of espionage was because he wanted to shield Hiss and his family from being prosecuted for that much more serious crime.  The truth of the matter is that Chambers was also shielding himself from the same crime.  These omissions are quite understandable and it is probably normal for autobiographers to gross over some warts and scars.  In my judgment, considering the overall proportionality, they do not impair the value and truthfulness of "Witness."   To get the whole story, however, the reader is strongly recommended to also read Tanenhaus's book.  Besides putting Chambers life story in a more neutral footing, with warts and all, Tanenhaus's book also gave a much more detailed version of the proceedings of the Hiss trials, as well as some interesting facets of Chambers's life after the Hiss conviction, in particular the writing and publication of "Witness", his friendship with William Buckley, Jr., and the gradual, mellowing shift of his political thinking in his last years away from the extreme right.  Also, Tanenhaus's book added some new material, which surfaced years later, that tend to put Alger Hiss's guilt beyond reasonable doubt. Back to Chambers's "Witness", it is a captivating story written with a superb writing style and a perfect mastery of the English language.  And because of the unusually variegated life Chambers had lived, which touched many big events and big names in mid-century American history and with the backdrop of the epic ideological debate, it is hard to overstate the stylistic and substantive values of this book.     