 The very intelligent and articulate Benjamin Netanyahu makes a powerful case for Israel's "stand firm" policies against its enemies and detractors. The former prime minister pointed out why, with ample historical and analytical evidence, Jews have a strong claim on their homeland, the Palestine problem as a root cause of Mideast unrest is fallacious, a pre-1967 border is not sustainable security-wise for Israel, and why the media of the West has developed a pro-Arab, pro-Palestinian stance (liberalism cum love-of-the-underdog mentality.) Netanyahu also painstakingly explained the Arab and Islamic history culture in terms of factional (tribal) loyalty and the unfortunate, ingrained, hostility toward Jews, culminating in his model of two types of peace: peace among democracies and peace by deterrence.  Netanyahu concluded, quite convincingly, that the latter was what Israel can hope for in the foreseeable future, and hence it is essential for Israel to be powerful and constantly vigilant.  Though quite hawkish in tone, Netanyahu made an impressionable point that Israel's goal is for peaceful coexistence with, and not the subjugation of, its neighbors.  The return of the Sinai to Egypt in exchange for a peace treaty was cited as a powerful testimony.  Also, he candidly pointed out some of the shortcomings of the Israeli policies, as well as the diversity of opinions within the Israelis. This book is admittedly one-sided in its selection of facts and data, but they are basically factual, if skillfully put through a prism to fit the former prime minister's thesis.  Overall, though, it is a very well written book - rich in material, logical in its analysis, powerful in its arguments, and witty in appropriate places to make reading interesting.   This is one of several books I have read from various angles on this complex, controversial and immensely emotional and deadly conflict.  It may very well be regarded as an authoritative view from the Israeli point of view.  As such, this point of view must be fully appreciated by anyone, be it career politician or armchair guru, who wants to fathom an end to this conflict.   A last word of caution:  you cannot get a fair and complete picture of this conflict by reading just one book or listening to just one voice.  If, however, that is all the time you have, I would recommend Thomas Friedman's "From Beirut to Jerusalem."     