 Like her earlier book, Christina Hoff Sommers exposes the intellectual fraud of certain feminist extremists who proposed radical theories about childhood development, dishing up data utterly fabricated and studies that had no scientific merit (studies that have not been peer-reviewed, and could not be validated), which the cooperative media and education establishment accepted as gospel simply because they were politically correct.  As a result, schools were inundated with advocates, programs and teaching material that treated little boys as suspect criminals, doing grave harm to their development.  The "gender feminists" are not swayed by the facts presented by Christina Hoff Sommers in "The War Against Boys", and earlier in "Who Stole Feminism?"  They did not debate what she wrote; they attack her instead.  Centuries ago, Bishop Bellamine refused to look through Galileo's telescope; he prosecuted him instead.  Such are those who play the game of faith. This book puts a magnifying glass on one facet of the harms done by the radical left:  how the gender feminists used frivolous theories to support programs and practices that demise the development of boys, and their dishonesty in this pursuit.  It is well researched and well written.  Sommers treats you to some fantasy theories, to cite just one: New born babies do not know anything about gender, and gender identities are therefore not innate but taught.  Sommers: babies don't know anything about blood types either, but they still have one.   It never ceases to amaze me how these advocacy or junk "scientists", many of whom have lofty credentials - PhD, directors, and what not - are engaged in literal intellectual fraud rather than honest scientific inquiry.  In a few cases, Sommers takes the readers through their research data (where they made it available) and their interpretation, one sees that such research is virtually worthless, because it doesn't meet even the minimal standards of statistical inference and causation analysis. We need more people like Christine Hoff Sommers, who use a cool-headed approach to expose the intellectual dishonesty that is so pervasive in the social scene.     