 "Modern Times" is an exceedingly well-written account of the history of the twentieth century--from the time of the First World War to the Nineties.  With the skills of a superb storyteller, Paul Johnson manages to cover, in about 800 pages, all of the important events, personalities, issues, trends, and organizes them into twenty coherent essays.  Drawing on his own formidable knowledge base and a wealth of source material vast and deep, his account of key historical events are fascinating, often accompanied by interesting and obscure details, such as private conversations between the key figures, contemporaneous commentaries, evidences recovered long after an event, etc., which are not on pages of most history books.   Everyone who reads this book will discern the author's conservative undertone, although that tone has not interfered with the truthful presentation of historical events. Johnson does not only narrate; throughout the book, he quite liberally offers his own interpretation and causation analysis of events, and his assessment of the movers and shakers of their times. This conservative undertone, I must say, is Johnson's trademark.  Johnson expresses his own sentiment judiciously and lets the reader judge his views along with his work.   His conservative sentiments notwithstanding, I find Paul Johnson to be, first of all, credible, and then also balanced in his treatment of issues. (By balanced, I don't mean not taking sides; I mean presenting both sides.) Quite distinct from the ideologically predisposed, Johnson does not pull punches, even with figures he professedly admires.    This is the second book of Paul Johnson's that I read, the first being "Intellectuals". I enjoyed both books tremendously. Although I am not as incensed as some reviewers about his liberal use of foreign phrases, titles and quotes within the text, often without English translation, I AM mildly annoyed by it. Overall, I highly recommend this book. I find it to be the most impressive of narrative history books. You will find it an excellent investment of your reading time.     