 Kupchan boldly predicts the decline of Americanism - the passing of an era of America as the only superpower.  He predicts the rise of Europe to counterweigh the United States in a bi-polar world. Predicting the future is a risky business.  Luckily, whereas those who made the right predictions are anxious to remind others, as for those who were way off, hardly anybody remembers or cares.  This book, in my judgment, belongs to the latter heap. It is true that America will not forever be far stronger than the rest of the world economically, militarily, technologically, and culturally.  Not only is this unsustainable, it is simply not good for the America and for the world to have such an permanent and pronounced imbalance.  But unless we screw up big time (and there are barbarians within the gate who try very hard to screw ourselves up!), America will be a strong leader for many generations.  American should welcome a strong Europe, a strong Asia, and America should welcome any country or groups of country to be strong, as long as they are peaceful.  That said, Europe can never be integrated like America, people who speak different languages and have deep differences in their culture will not function well under the same political and legal system except sustained by force, nor will they trust each other enough to give up their own defenses.  On the other hand, the English-speaking world will always be a reliable alliance in times of crisis. Drawing parallel from history to make future predictions surely sounds rational.  However, historic parallels are more often than not superficial.  The Roman Empire fell chiefly because of the rot from within, but also because the empire was an overextension of an empire covering disparate people and cultures.  The decline of the British Empire was also inevitable because of the same reasons.  America has never built an empire with our military might and we should be vigilant not to allow politicians to do that.  We do have a large contingent of liberals who are intent on weakening those institutions that make our country and our people strong.  What do they do?  They creatively interpret our Constitution; they appoint judges who make laws at the bench; they encourage immigrants to not learn English; they teach our children to equivocate right and wrong; they fan class envy; they agitate the race and gender divides, and they intimidate and silence their critics, they even hijacked the term "liberal" to describe themselves.  These liberals are the barbarians I alluded to earlier.  America's decline, when and if it irrevocably happens, would be due to the liberal's good work, and NOT the rise of Europe.     