 Basic Economics is an excellent exposition of the subject.  It is not a textbook; it is a polemic, if you will.  Regardless, the material in the book is so well chosen and the argument so clearly made that I highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to be an informed citizen. The media elite would have you believe that to be "informed" is to simply subject yourself to 15 minutes of sound bites every day or reading through the headlines of the newspaper.  After reading this book, and you will never take at face value what the political pundits deliver. A simple example from this book: basic economics dictate that farm subsidies drive up prices of farm products and creates hardship for the poor.  However, by voting for large farm subsidies AND food stamps for the poor, the politicians got two "constituency" vote blocks loyal to them.  Over time, these policies sculpt a webwork of entitlements.  Guess who pay for it? One reviewer disagrees with Sowell and argues that the Scandinavian countries have a higher standard of living than the United States "by almost every quantifiable standard" such as life expectancy, infant mortality rate,etc.  Well, in order to provide these social benefits, Swedes pay 75%(!) of their income for unemployment insurance, and when they buy something, they pay an astonishing 25% national sales tax, and the Swedish government is running a deficit consistently several times higher as a percentage of GDP compared with the U.S.  Moreover, the tax burden is so high and the incentive to work so low, that the Scandinavian social welfare systems are on the verge of financial collapse!   And the Swedish politicians know it. This also makes me think of what Einstein said: "Not everything that counts can be counted; not everything that can be counted counts."  What the Scandinavian folks have less is freedom.  Most of their basic needs are taken care of through very high taxation.  But if ones want to get anything other than "basic", something different - simple things like imported foodstuff, you pay out-of-the-earth prices.  Most people therefore do mostly "necessary" things and do them mostly the same way.  Instead of looking to the market for answers, they look to the government.  In Sweden, for example, because the government essentially pays for child rearing through public education and other subsidies such as food and health care, children are increasingly regarded as charges of the state, and there are laws that govern how children must be raised as (for example, spanking a child is illegal.)  The free market is not perfect, but it is the imperfection that makes progress possible, and hence makes it the best system there is. Basic Economics is not Sowell's best book, but it is very readable for the general audience.  After reading this book I gave a copy to my teenage son.  I want him get a no-nonsense course on basic economics, so he can make up his mind on important issues with more than just sound bites, headlines, and classroom indoctrination.     