 Spencer Tracy stars as an American judge who travels to Germany in 1948 to take part in the Nuremberg trials.  For eight months he chairs the panel trying four German judges, one of whom is respected scholar Burt Lancaster.  Defense Attorney Maxmillian Schell makes the case that the men were simply following the law as written in Nazi Germany and cannot be held accountable for the brutality inflicted on those found guilty.  Prosecutor Richard Widmark argues that the men knew what they were doing and understood the fate of those found guilty and that they acted inhumanely.  Both men argue their cases well in a trial marked by emotion and great drama.  Judgment at Nuremberg is a powerful movie, since it deals with atrocities and wounds that may never be completely healed.  It also deals with a fundamental question that surrounds war:  Are people who are simply following orders (or the law as it exists in their country) to be held responsible for their actions and the fate of those they affect.  The film's screenplay is sharp, honest, and makes points on both sides, although emotion certainly affects how one answers the questions it raises.  More than anything, however, this movie is about acting.  Tracy is the rock that centres the film, the weight of his characters decisions ever present on his face and in his motions.  Schell and Widmark have plenty of chances to set off fireworks as the lawyers, and they take full advantage of the opportunity.  Lancaster is quietly strong and imposing, never getting much dialogue, but establishing a presence throughout the whole film.  Judy Garland and Montgomery Clift have brief scenes as victims of Nazi laws who testify against the defendants.  Both actors give outstanding performances, almost uncomfortable to watch they are so real.  Marlene Dietrich as the widow of an executed Nazi general is also very strong in one of her last performances.  Her scenes with Tracy are a joy to watch - two old pros who have seen a lot in their lives.  Judgment at Nuremberg is a long film, but it never lags.  Whether you simply watch it as a fine courtroom drama or take its messages about responsibility deeper, it is well worth watching. It deals with a part of our history we would probably like to forget, but never should.     