 Face/Off, the best American film by John Woo in my opinion is amazing.  It has one of a kind action sequences which are simply stunning and great, especially for being released in summer of 1997.  A success at the box-office and I'd say the best action flick of the decade next to Die Hard.  John Woo is a very talented action director and he uses his talents here immensely and that's why the film works.     As for the premise, well it's just about proposterous, the idea of futuristic sugery is somewhat clever though.  The story of switching identites through futuristic surgery is original I must say and is a bit catchy enough.  John Travota plays Agent Sean Archer, early in the film after his son is killed by his archrival, Castor Troy (Nicolas Cage) a deadly terrorist he's out to catch him.  He soon does in an intense hanger shootout.  Unfortunately for Archer a bomb is somewhere in Los Angeles and in order to obtain information he must become Troy, because Troy's brother Pollux has been caught and is a prison facility.  They soon switch identities and the intensity begins.  Soon the film becomes more suspenseful when Cage's character wake's up from his coma to learn his face has been switched, he soon assumes the identity of Travolta, and the real Archer learns that the psychopath is living with his family.  From here we get more breath-taking and innovative action sequences including more shootouts and a great boat chase finale.  Explosions, gunfire and fistfights round out the fun!  John Woo crafts a great action film, better than Broken Arrow and Hard Target, I'd say.  And also probably better than M:I-2, even though it had its moments.  And definetly better than Woo's latest Paycheck, which was mainly good for the action sequences especially the bike chase.  All in all Woo's work is amazing and I hope to see more and hopefully better work from him in the future.      Face/Off is rated R for Intense Sequences of Strong Violence and for Strong Language.  The violence includes intense shootouts which can be deafening, which are usually bloody, as well as some fistfights and a few other bloody images.  The language is fairly strong and consistent, but not overly used and not to the point where I could call it obscene.  The DVD unfortunately has one main feature, which is the Theatrical Trailer, which is a good trailer I should point out.  Overall a great movie and worth owning on Video or DVD, preferably DVD for the excellent sound and picture.     