 M:I-2 was a fine action film, of course it was made by John Woo so it was sure to offer solid action thrills.  Woo as always crafts superb action sequences which are intense and suspenseful.  The film featured an excellent motorcyle chase which was near the end, probably one of the best bike chases next to Woo's other film "Paycheck" which featured another great bike chase.  The one thing that sets this film apart from the first is the action, sure the plot for the first was probably better and the first probably made more sense, but this movie should be a satisfying one just for the action.     As for the plot well it's decent.  Essentially a deadly virus called chimera is unleashed and is extremely lethal.  He must stop an evil renegade agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott)from unleashing this terror upon the world.  He must recruit Ambrose's ex-lover Nyal Hall (Thandie Newton)to assist him on the case in order to lure Ambrose into a trap and stop the virus chimera from spread on to the world.  Sure the plot may not be that compelling or so it sounds, but like I said you don't have to worry about that especially if you're an die-hard action fan.  Also the always amazing Anthony Hopkins comes in as Hunt's boss and advisor.     Tom Cruise gives a certain edge to role of Ethan Hunt and he sure does play it well.  I must say I do prefer this installment over the first Mission Impossible, is it the action or the action?  Who knows?     M:I-2 is rated PG-13 for Intense Sequences of Violent Action and Some Sensuality.  The violence includes gunplay, fistfights and explosions.  The sexual content is mild, mainly some innuendo nothing explicit or graphic really.  No profanity. Ethan Hunt in a way is an American version of James Bond, he's got the girl, the gadgets (nowhere near as sophisticated or cool as Bond's though) and the ride.  If you like John Woo, I highly recommend this one, definetly for the action, the breathtaking bike chase to an intense climactic fight between Cruise and Scott.  Worth owning on Video or DVD.     