 The Matrix, an amazing and unique sci-fi thriller from the Wachowski brothers stunned the world.  It had a unique concept, in addition to remarkable and fresh visual and special efffects. Now the premise of this film is probably the hardest to explain, for it surely is intricate and complicated.  The film takes place sometime in the distant future, Reeves plays Thomas Anderson, a man who is searching for an answer to a certain question: What is the matrix?  Laurence Fishburne who is perfectly cast, plays Morpheus, a leader of a bunch of rebels searching for "the one."  Carrie-Anne Moss plays Trinity, a part of Morpheus's group and cause.  In this film there are many references to the bible, which you can easily figure from the names of characters.  All in all, confusing as you can tell.      The Matrix was a sleeper hit of 1999, and soon became a box-office smash and global phenomenan.  The film intruced a fascination effect called Bullet-time, which was later copied in numerous movies, for example Charlie's Angels.  The action in this movie was innovative and inventive, and certainly appealing, from amazing kung-fu fights to intense shootouts.   Though in comparison to the sequels, the origianly remains the best.  Of course in terms of action, the sequels definetly win especially Reloaded which featured the amazing "burly brawl" and "freeway chase sequence."  Revolutions also featured the amazing battle in Zion, which was groundbreaking in digital animation.   The sequels are a worth addition to the trilogy though and are definetly worth owning too, by the way Revolutions comes out on April 6, 2004.       The Matrix is rated R for Sci-fi Violence and Brief Language.  The violence includes a lot of gunplay, including the amazing Lobby shootout sequence.  Some of which is bloody. The Matrix is suitable for kids 14 and up probably, for the violence isn't over the top.  cheoreographed by Yuen Wo Ping, who later did work on Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.  The language is mild and not particularly strong.  There is also mild sexual innuendo.  The Matrix, infact as I stated earlier the entire trilogy is worth owning espeically on DVD, if you haven't seen any see one of them today, and obviously start with The Matrix, the one which started it all.   Now available on Video and DVD.     