 Frum's book presents a compelling argument for his thesis that much of the societal change for which we assign credit/blame to the 60s actually occured in the 70s, and was a product of that decade's culture.  He  presents a complete--though by no means exhaustive--portrait of America's  psyche during the 'Me' decade.   Frum writes in a very accessible,  easygoing style, but his exploration of the 70s lacks any sense of  nostalgia.  (For instance, you'll read little of leisure suits, disco  music, or Pet Rocks.)  Rather, he presents a careful (but not really  unbiased) analysis of how social institutions changed during the decade.   He points out that much of our present distrust of government does not stem  directly from Vietnam and Watergate (as it is usually assumed) but  developed gradually throughout the years preceding them.  He accurately  diagnoses the causes and effects of the decline of "mainline"  Protestantism in the 70s.  Frum also points out how the sexual revolution  happened not during the so-called "Summer of Love" but developed  in the early 70s. (I would *love* to see Frum take on the 80s, another  greatly misunderstood decade.) All in all, this book is fascinating and  highly quotable.  I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about  this strange and powerful period in American history--or anybody who's just  looking for a good read.  But I've got one quibble, and it's a big one:  the proofreading in this book is *atrocious*.  I've never seen a book reach  the market with more spelling and grammatical errors.  Unfortunately, there  are factual errors as well: Frum states that , during the winter of  1977-78, "[t]emperatures plunged to minus 100 in Minnesota."   That's simply wrong, and it casts doubt on some of the other  unsubstantiated statements Frum makes.   I don't think this is serious  enough to discredit the entire book.  Frum provides sources for many of his  factual claims; this book would simply benefit from more thorough and  careful editing.  But read it anyway!     