 The HP PSC 720 combines a fast, high quality color printer with a fast, high quality scanner. Unfortunately, the PC software and drivers don't work with all applications, and HP Support's response is to point the finger at the application vendors. Normal print quality is more than good enough for black & white text documents, which come out crisp with strong black text on good inkjet paper. The quality of color printing of digital photos in "best" mode on glossy inkjet photo paper suprised me -- it is very good indeed. Not as good as dye sublimation, but then the cost per print is a fraction of dye sub. There is only a hint of pixellation upon close inspection, and the color balance is a little "bright". Print speed in best mode is good for an inkjet -- a couple of minutes per page. Unfortunately, printing in best mode is also where the software problems show up. I cannot print in Best mode from Adobe Photoshop 5.0LE or Microsoft Word 2000. When I try, my PC locks up and the only recovery possible is the reset button (Ctrl-Alt-Delete doesn't work) or power cycle. HP's support answered my call quickly, but were unwilling to do anything except tell me that it was Microsoft and Adobe's problem. The fact that I can print to Canon and another HP printers in best mode with no problems in all applications was brushed off as irrelevant. I was also pleasantly surprised by the speed and quality of the scanner. It very quickly gives you a scan preview, from which you can click and drag the area you want to scan. Low res scans are very fast indeed, but even higher res scans are completed in under a minute. Results are good with very little image noise and few scanning artefacts. The maximum scan resolution is sufficiently high to allow photographic negative scanning. Finally, installing the HP printer software also disabled my Olympus digital camera (also on a USB connection). I had to go into Windows device manager and manually re-enable it and reboot. In summary, I really like the speed and quality of the hardware, but the software needs more work. I have found an application that will print photographs outside of Photoshop, but I cannot print anything in best mode from Word.     