 The HP DVD200i improves on its predecessor by adding DVD+R capability in addition to DVD+RW, DVD-ROM, CD-ROM, CD-R and CD-RW. This is an improvement because DVD+R is compatible with far more DVD drives due to its higher reflectivity vs. DVD+RW. Also, DVD+R disks are cheaper. HP gets top marks for ease of installation. The multi-lingual installation poster explains clearly what to do. HP's software looks at your system, asks you how you want to install the drive (whether to add to the system or replace an existing CD drive), installs the drivers and produces appropriate instructions, which you can print for reference. You set the drive jumpers accordingly and install in your PC using a screwdriver -- it took about 10 minutes in my Dell PC. The bundled "drive letter access" software offers the ability to read & write to DVD+RWs as if they were 4.7GB removable disks. Formatting DVD+RW disks takes less than 30 seconds -- much faster than formatting CD-RWs. The drive's DVD write speed is 2x (approx 3.4MB/sec) -- this makes DVD+RW excellent for archiving or backing up digital photos and digital video. HP includes DVD player software for viewing regular DVDs. I had a few problems getting it to work and called the support number. In short order I was talking to a real person who helped me trouble-shoot. Although the problem turned out to be with my Windows configuration, the technician didn't automatically blame my PC. He spent the time to verify thoroughly that there really wasn't anything wrong with the drive before arriving at the (correct) conclusion. This kind of support is all too rare! HP includes "RecordNow" for creating CD-R and CD-RW disks. It will copy audio files off regular CDs, so you can create your own mixes. It will also burn from MP3 files. A good basic audio CD creation tool. Sonic "MyDVD" and ArcSoft "Showbiz" are included for authoring DVDs from your own home movies. Showbiz is a very basic video editing package -- useful for arranging and trimming video clips but little else. MyDVD is the DVD authoring package, designed to convert your video clips to DVD MPEG2 format, create menus and navigation, and burn the final product to DVD. Unfortunately, MyDVD is the weakest part of the package. I created MPEG-2 files directly from Adobe Premiere, and imported them into MyDVD, and created a simple menu. I previewed the DVD, and all appeared well. When I moved on to DVD burining, the program spent some time transcoding my existing MPEG-2 files, even though they were already in the right format. Then, after creating the menus and navigation, it stopped with "Unknown error". The help files and web site were no use, and further attempts with MPEG-2 files all failed in the same way. Next I tried exporting native DV files from Premiere and importing into MyDVD, which transcoded them into MPEG-2. This time, I was able to burn a DVD+R disk. However, when I played it in my DVD player, the sound track was not synchronized with the video. The sound runs faster than the video track -- it starts out synchronized, but after a few minutes it is several seconds ahead. I was now the frustrated owner of a...sparkly DVD+R coaster. Sonic, authors of MyDVD, refuse to support HP's OEM bundle of their product, and HP cannot fix problems in MyDVD. Based on suggestions from other frustrated DVD200i users, I downloaded the demo of Ulead DVD MovieFactory. It worked first time, produces better quality MPEG-2 files and offers considerably more flexibility in building menus and chapter lists than MyDVD. I'll be buying this software! In summary, an amazingly versatile piece of hardware, and fine if your primary goal is high capacity backup without giving up the ability to burn CDs. If you want to author DVDs, you will have to spend at least another $[money] on better DVD authoring software, hence 4 stars out of 5.     