 Professor Cantor's book is a great education on the Black Plague and the major changes it brought to Europe. I like this book because it is largely intellectually rigorous (see caveats below) while still being incredibly readable. Cantor employs a very spare style (occasionally a little too spare, making sentances hard to understand) that is still accessible, interspersed with small patches of levity. I gave this book 4 stars because the first and last sections of the book are not up to the quality of the second section -- the core and "meat" of this book. He opens with a short section on the biomedical aspects of the plague -- what it was, how it spread etc. You're in for a surprise if you thought the Black Death was 100% bubonic plague. The second section of the book focuses at the micro and macro level on the effects of the plague on Europe. Cantor selects Britain as his focus due to the availability of source material, and proceeds to take us on a tour of medieval society and the changes wrought by a disease that killed more than a third of the population. At the macro level he looks at the effects on wages, the acceleration of the shift from serfdom to freemen and the weakening of the British power base in Europe. At the micro level he looks at specific individuals and shows the wide-ranging repercussions of their untimely deaths. It is this second section that is the strongest part of the book. Cantor clearly knows his period extremely well, and the text is well thought out and intellectually rigorous. Unfortunately, this firm grasp of the subject slips somewhat in the third and final section, covering the history of plague writing and the aftermath. Cantor examines various theories in the last section on the origination of the plague and its vectors (i.e. how and where it was transmitted). His research in this area has some blindspots, in that he fails to take into consideration recent advancements on the theories of the origin of human life (some of which are in Jared Diamond's excellent "Guns, Germs and Steel"). He also spends a long time on Professor Hoyle's theory of intergalactic origination of disease. Here Cantor's intellectual rigor slips a little, perhaps because he is well outside his area of expertise (medievalism). He seems to favor Hoyle's theory largely because Hoyle is a respected astronomer at Cambridge University, rather than on the merits of the theory itself. The problem is that although Hoyle stands as one of the world's greatest astronomers and intellectuals, he has also been spectacularly wrong. For example, Hoyle once made the mistake of taking a bet with Stephen Hawking on a key question in astrophysics, publically dismissing Hawking's (correct, as it turned out) analysis of the problem largely because Hawking was, at the time, relatively unknown. That said, it is good that Cantor's book even covers Hoyle's theory precisely because of its unpopularity. The net of this is that if you can keep in mind Cantor's area of expertise and weight what he has to say appropriately, this is still an excellent book that will be widely read because it is accessible. There are far too few books that meet both of these criteria.     