 The catalog of North Carolina publishers McFarland and Company is a veritable goldmine of works on often neglected corners of history and popular culture.  Despite their no-frills design and the sometimes variable  quality of the writing therein, the characteristic thoroughness, ambition  and enthusiasm of McFarland's publications typically makes them worth their  understandably (for a small publisher printing small editions of highly  specialized texts) steep prices. Hal Erickson's Sid and Marty Krofft: A  Critical Study of Saturday Morning Children's Television, 1969-1993 is no  exception.  While Erickson's subtitle rather oversteps the actual content  of the book--it is strictly limited to "Saturday Morning Children's  Televison" Krofft style, and a truly "critical study" of the  Krofft oeuvre wouldn't skip so gingerly over the relationship of "H.R.  Pufnstuf" to Vietnam-era drug culture, or ignore entirely, say, the  peculiar sexual politics of "Sigmund and the Sea Monsters"  (Sigmund being seduced by his brother in drag?  A camp genie shacking up  with a runaway sea monster and a half-naked "nephew," both  underage?) or the Kroffts' general subversion of the mythic American  nuclear family (aunts, babysitters, robots, even, but where are the  parents?  Marshall disappeared after a season of "Land of the  Lost," Big Daddy and Sweet Mama were just plain abusive)--it is  nonetheless an invaluable source of information and insight for any Krofft  fan. David Martindale's Pufnstuff and Other Stuff: The Weird and Wonderful  World of Sid and Marty Krofft (q.v.) may be less pretentious (Erickson  hasn't quite mastered the academic pop culture studies style he attempts to  mimic, and is prone to annoying Britishisms), and, certainly,  better-illustrated (apparently, McFarland either couldn't or wouldn't print  even a single llustration in its offering), but Erickson's book more than  complements it in its attention to the details, contexts, and significance  of the Wonderful World of Sid and Marty Krofft.  An extra star for effort  ...     