 The Amazing Race's 7th Season was one of the better entries in the series, and was a lot of fun to watch.  Much of this was because there were not any boring teams, and some of the most interesting lasted a long time in the race.    Rob and Amber made a successful jump to another reality TV series, and showed they knew how to race.  They were the only team of the final three not to be bailed out on a non-elimination leg (thus were the only ones that had any possessions at the end of the race), and finished in first place several times.  Part of the reason is that took opportunities.  One of the best moments of the show was when Rob organized a deal between the four teams at the front of a bus all teams were on.  Uchenna and Joyce, Ray and Deana, and Ron and Kelly, all chipped in 5 solentes for to bribe the bus driver to only open the front doors.  Rob had promised to chip in as well.  He did bribe the bus driver, but never chipped in - he laughed as he told the camera that he was only using the other teams money.  Winners Uchenna and Joyce were a married couple that were highly supportive of each other, and enjoyed the journey.  They were nice enough to even try to help their direct competition (Gretchen and Meredith) near the end of the race with a boat haulling task, until they remembered they couldn't do that.  Joyce even sacrificed her  hair to claim a fast forward.  In the end, they won first place.  Ron and Kelly, a beauty queen and a former POW were something of a strange couple, and their relationship disintigated towards the end of the race.  In fact, their fighting got enough out of control at the end to miss the airport turn off, and any chance of winning the race.  Meredith and Gretchen were the oldest couple in the race, and are the oldest couple to make it to fourth place.  They were very supportive of each other, though they ran on luck for a good portion of the race.  A highlight was when Gretchen mistakenly climbed on top of a elephant statue they were supposed to be pushing, and kept saying that they had a bad elephant.  Other features of the race was teams frantically trying to get tickets for the last departure time, three teams quitting a roadblock at one point, a major car wreck in which a cameraman was hurt, one team wrecking two cars in a single episode, and an episode ending with teams meeting Phil on the mat - but instead of checking them into a pit stop, he just handed them another clue.     