 Clancy took us through the career of Jack Ryan - for unwitting hero in Patriot Games to the accidental President and beyond.  Red Rabbit offers us a look at the early career of Jack Ryan as a CIA intelligence offer in light of history - and a look at some of the major players in the Clancy novels.  The plot centers around an attempt to kill a polish priest - actually, the Pope - who threatens to resign and rejoin his people in the wake of solidarity.  Jack Ryan, who only 5 months earlier jointed the CIA is put into a British post.  Ed and Mary Pat Foley, new station chiefs in Moscow have their first coup -  a "rabbit" = in thie case a KGB cypher clerk who knows about the plot against the Pope and is willing to trade what he knows for the West for himself and his wife and child.  Where the novel falls down is in realism.  Jack Ryan, despite being an honorary knight (Patriot Games) would not have been assigned to the UK after only 5 months of service.  Ed Foley probably would have dismissed his rabbit's first attempt as a clumsy KGB operation.  Plus, the good guy's don't really win in the end.  The novel makes it harder to reconcile real history with Clancy history.  Clancy history deals with right wing presidents (Clear and Present Danger), left wing presidents (Sum of All Fears; Debt  of Honor), and Ryan's own unwilling Presidency (Executive Orders and The Bear and The Dragon).    Still, Jack Ryan remains what he always was - a man of honor fighting a war he believed in.  He was a rookie in this book, but proved himself a master of intelligence in later books (stealing Red October; then compromising the KGB head with it to get him to defect).  Even as the President he swore before God he would do his best.    Yes, after Red Rabbit it was time for Clancy to give Jack Ryan his decent retirement - a lifetime of service.  From a simple act to prevent murder (saving the Prince and Princess of Wales - and their child) to the highest office in the United States, Jack Ryan served as best he could.  He also let his wife pursue her own career as a doctor.  Clancy gave us some great spy thrillers, from his breakthrough book (The Hunt for Red October) to Red Rabbit (the last of the Jack Ryan series).  Some backstory (Patriot Games) to his term in office as President (Executive Orders and The Bear and the Dragon), Clancy gave us a hero.  Even more, his side heros John Clark and Domingo (Ding) Chavez have provided heros on the CIA operations wing.  John Clark earned it through service and his own serial killings of drug lords (Without Remorse); Ding earned it throught faithful service (Clear and Present Danger) and a hard apprenticeship.       