 Throughout the series, Rabbi David Small has his own problems.  There is always a battle to whether his contract is renewed or not, and he's often in conflic with social or political desires of his congregation.    The contrast is that Rabbi Small does deeply care, but in his own way.  He cares deeply about justice and Jewish law, and follows his own ethics and beleifs.  If he feels his congregation is off track, he tells them, and opposes things no matter what the cost might be to himself.  Don't get me wrong; he very well might have been the wrong Rabbi for the community.  In many ways, he was suited to a different age.  Temples, like churchs and other social clubs, have needs and desires.  Rabbi Small was kind of a throwback to a different age, and may not have been the right man for that community.  It's easy to see how a principled man like Rabbi Small would not fit in; when he took a stand it was for a reason, and he wasn't much for bending a little to make a friend or save his job.    Over the course of the  books it's also shown he has an affinity for younger jews, best described in Monday the Rabbi Took Off.  During a Sabbath dinner, he argued on points with a college student.  Afterwards, the student told his father he liked Rabbi Small.  They may have disagreed on issues, but Rabbi Small neither pandered or lectured him - he treated him like an adult worthy of respect.  Rabbi Small's first adventure found himself as a suspect - because the murder victim's purse was found in his car.  Suspicion shifted away to him to one of his flock, but the Rabbi pointed out things in his member's favor - which went right back at him.  What he showed was an unwaring bias for the truth - as well as logic and interpretation of the facts.  He even told the police chief that just because he was a Rabbi didn't mean he should throw out his common sense.  If there is a weakness to the book, it was that the mystery was too easy to solve by the reader.  The same thing which triggered Rabbi Small's suspicions was the same flag which led me to the correct solution.  Still, it was a fun book, and a great introduction to a great series of books.     