 Jack Ryan never really wanted to be an intelligence agent.  Even his stint in the marines was a means to an end for a doctorate education.  But what he got in the end was a sense of duty, a mind adept to intelligence analysis, a wife who was not only a great surgeon but the love of his life, and a knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.  This is where it all begins.  Jack Ryan saw a murder about to happen, and he stopped it, disabling one terrorist and killing another.  What he didn't know was that the intended victims of a kidnap plot were Prince Charles, Princess Diana, and their infant son (Prince William).  In an instant he became a hero, with an honorary knighthood and the wrath of the group who had planned the operation.  He even got the personal gratitude and friendship of the royal family.  The event sends Jack into the CIA, a job he had resisted before, in an attempt to learn about the why and how of the attack.  He proves to be great at intelligence, with his information leading to the arrest of another group of terrorists.  But what nobody could predict was that after the escape of the terrorist Jack only wounded, he would go after him again.  A small dinner party with the Prince and Princess of Wales, as well as close friend (and eventual vice president) Robby Jackson and his wife turns into another terrorist kidnapping.     Patriot Games is a great introduction to the forces that brought Jack Ryan into the intelligence game.  Jack showed his honor and intelligence, and in the history of the books, lots of people would rue the day he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.  From figuring out how to steal a top secret Soviet submarine, compromising the head of the KGB, and stopping what would have been a nuclear war, Jack Ryan served the interests of the United States - and the world.  He even ended up as President, a job he didn't really want but accepted and did to the best of his ability.  Patriot Games is the start of a saga of a man who became a legend.     