 This is the most controversial mystery novel of the 20th century.  It nearly got Agatha Christie kicked out of the Detection Club (an organization of writers who agreed to play fair).  It put her on the map.  It's her best work - ever.    The book is a first person account of a Hercule Poriot mystery, done by Doctor James Sheppard, a country doctor serving his community.  He was there from almost the beginning, and his narrative provides a wonderful account of the murder of his friend, Rodger Ackroyd.  Rodger Ackroyd's female friend took her own life.  She wrote a letter to him before she did so, naming the man who ruined her life - a blackmailer who knew she killed her first husband.  Rodger read the letter to Dr. Sheppard, but wouldn't continue when he realized a blackmailer would be exposed because of it.  Dr. Sheppard begged him to continue and get the name - to no avail.  Ackroyd didn't comply.  James Sheppard left and went home, only to get a myserious phone call telling him Rodger had been murdered.  Murdered he was - and the letter was missing!  Enter Sheppard's neighbor, Hercule Poriot.  Dr. Sheppard plays Dr. Watson, following the sleuth around and recording what he finds.  From a missing son to a married maid; from the theft of household money.    In the end, Poroit invites all the cast to a room where he talks about the case, and says he has a solution - which he will reveal to the police in 24 hours.  The only way for an innocent man to be saved was for the real killer to confess one way or another... and even though Dr. Sheppard has all the facts of the case, he can't see how Poriot could put them all together into a surprising solution of the case.  In short, if you want a book that will shock you, read this one.   Well crafted, with devious plot devices, Christie showed her genius for detective fiction with this book.  It was a work of genius because she had the imagination to do something amazingly original.  It may have nearly got her kicked out of the Detection  Club, but history has sided with her - she was right all along.  This is her most classic work of all time.       