 Just finished reading this book and I am still feeling uneasy. This story reveals some shocking truths about a band I have loved for almost two decades. I had no idea that Kiedis was such a junkie and a self-centered jerk. Right from early childhood, Kiedis lived for instant gratification and anyone who stood in his way was bullied or beaten. His drug-dealing father left Anthony to raise himself amidst the lunacy of their household, so Anthony became a kid who took what he wanted. In most respects, Kiedis never grew into an adult - he perpetually lives as a child who takes what he wants regardless of the consequences.   I knew he had dabbled in drugs - or so I thought - but I was shocked to read that Kiedis is a full-on junkie. Nothing glamorous, just straight out a skid row junkie. The only difference between him and regular bums is that Kiedis somehow managed to have periods where he could work with his band, sometimes sober but often times not.   For most of his life he has no fixed address, no bank account, and his daily goal is to get high. I don't know how he managed to live like this and A) never get arrested and B) look healthy in the public eye. Kiedis talks about wasting away and being a living skeleton but he never appeared that way in videos, promos, tour clips, etc. In fact he always came across as the healthy one of the band.    Also had no idea that the band members barely talk(ed) to one another - they always came off as best friends but apparently that ended years and years ago. The way Kiedis tells it - these guys just happen to rock out but their friendships stopped being close long ago.  The book is very detailed with most of Anthony's life, going over all his drug abuse and sexual encounters. But then the book gets very general and almost skims over the sober years since John rejoined the band. I wish there was more to read about how the Chillis make their music and how Kiedis lives his life now.  It baffles me that a band that I have loved for so long has so many awful problems. How was Kiedis able to contribute to the band when he was junked out in crack hotels for days / weeks at a time? I don't get it. After reading this book, I feel deflated. Kiedis is lucky to be alive and AIDS free. Other than that, it is a mystery that the RHCP have been able to make such incredible music. By this account, they should have imploded years ago.     