 It sort of sticks to everything. I'm not sure if this even makes sense, but then again I am not sure if this book is even good. I read the book summary and the scanned pages online and I thought it would be a cool book revisiting the life and deaths of various rock stars. I imagined that Chuck would delve into the history of these stories as only he could - then summarize with some grandiose statement about how it is better to die as a rock star because you can't put out any bad albums when you are dead.  I couldn't be more wrong. Sure Chuck takes a road trip to different places where rock stars have died and yes there are some funny anecdotes along the way, but mostly this book is about Chuck and his inability to maintain a good relationship with a woman. I didn't buy `this' book. I wanted to read how Layne Staley's death impacted people. I wanted to read about how / why he died. I wanted Chuck to elaborate on the cultural significance of Alice in Chains.  I wanted to know why people think Kurt Cobain was murdered.  I wanted some expose and insight into these various lives and deaths.  I wanted all these things and more.   SO I feel cheated. If the book was marketed as a self-reflection of lost and missing love then I would not have read it. No matter that I enjoy Chucks wit, and his unique cultural slants - I still would not have read a book centered on love.   This book does have thoughts on rock stars and death but instead of elaborating on these people and the places he travels, Chuck becomes introspective and self-analytical. So in other words, Chuck could have wrote this book about his normal 14 days living in New York and marketed it to suggest he knows something about women. Instead, Chuck takes a road trip and uses that as a false pretense to sell a story.  On the plus side - I laughed out loud a bunch of times because only Chuck can make such unique cultural observations.  So is this book good? I don't know - just as Chuck claims he isn't qualified to live in New York - I don't think I am qualified to judge this book as good or bad. I do know that it wasn't the book I intended to read so to that end I was disappointed.      