 First off I am a GIANT George Romero fan and I absolutely love the previous DEAD movies. My favorites (in order) would be Day of the Dead, Night of the Living Dead (1990 remake), Dawn of the Dead, Dawn of the Dead (2004 remake), Night of the Living Dead (original).  I have seen the entire zombie collection of Romero and Romero inspired movies and therefore my expectations for this movie where very high. NOBODY does zombie movies like Romero and nobody ever will. Land of the Dead falls shy of the incredible movie making that Romero is known for. The previous DEAD movies, although all different, had one thing in common; a zombie movie with an intricate plotline, elaborate character development, and scathing social commentary. This movie has none of the above.   Considering Romero's previous works, Land of The Dead has no foundation of story line, plot or characters. There is nothing that endears us to the characters and therefore there is nothing endearing about this movie. Because we don't know anything about the characters the audience never empathizes with the `good' guys - or roots against the `bad' guys. The previous Romero movies ALWAYS centered on the characters and the social commentary- the zombies and gore were just cool extras. This movie is focused on looking cool rather than delivering a movie of substance.   The basic premise of this movie is some `smart' zombies attack a secure city. Why are the zombies smart? Don't know ( we have to assume that all of these zombies got independently smart like Bub in Day of the Dead I guess).  Why are there people in a skyscraper? Don't know. The `villain' (poorly played by Dennis Hopper - or is it poorly written by Romero?) runs the skyscraper but Romero never explains the background story to us. All we know is that Hopper was rich and he set up walls around the city and somehow took over the area. Normally this lack of development is not a problem, but for someone of Romero's pedigree - it is inexcusable to gloss over the details as witnessed here.  The audience is left to imagine that some rich upper class people just took over a skyscraper and somehow enacted unchallenged authority over the poor working class slums. We get it - rich vs poor. But guess what George - this social satire is weak like wet tissue paper and holds as much weight. The rich people live in relative comfort and happiness (or so we assume) while the poor live in the streets below. We don't actually know much about either social class because the movie shows very little in the lives of these people. For all we know, the people run moonshine to Hazzard County during the day.   The hero of the movie (I forget his name) never reveals his past or his connection with anyone. Only that he wants to escape to Canada because there is nothing there. Are you kidding me? This joke is so over played it has become embarrassing. For Romero to resort to such ridiculous `jokes' should warn you of the effort he put into this movie and its story.   The quasi-hero of the movie played by John Leguizamo is bitter and angry at the rich guy because the rich dude refused to sell him an apartment in the skyscraper. Why you ask? - because he doesn't fit the WASP requirements. So Mr. Leguizamo decides to blow up the city with a super bat mobile or whatever the machine is called - and is labeled a `terrorist' by Hopper. Sounds like a joke right? You might be thinking to yourself `a kid in Grade 9 could write this kind of plot ` - well you would be right.  The zombies are intelligent and can reason. They also use weapons to attack. Why? This is ridiculous at best. Case in point - the main zombie scares Dennis Hopper into his car, fills the car with gasoline, then walks outside to get a grenade or something and rolls it back towards the gasoline filled car. Yah yippee lets cheer that some unknown bad guy gets blown up by a smart and vengeful zombie. Wow just bad.  Sure the gore is fantastic, and the zombies have some cool looking attacks - but this had been perfected in the previous DEAD movies. The real strength of Romero is his ability to satire societal problems into believable characters and amazing story telling. This movie has NONE of this. I was very disappointed with this movie - I find it hard to believe that Romero wrote this movie at all. There is absolutely nothing that connects this movie with any of his previous DEAD efforts. The social satire is gone, the character development is non-existent, and the plot is horrible. I really REALLY wanted to like this movie and was bitterly disappointed in a movie 20 years in the making. I hope the DVD has an additional 95 minutes of real Romero footage because that's the only way this movie can be redeemed.      