 After reading his short story in I knew I would want to read his other books.  He has this way of interweaving humor in his stories.  Man Most Worthy is the first full length book I've read by Mr. Major's and I was not disappointed.    John Sebastian vowed to make sure he would never have to struggle after growing up in poverty in Newark, New Jersey.  He is a successful business man and even though he has everything he could want materially, and he has a beautiful younger girlfriend named Scent, he realizes he is missing something.  What he is missing is the one woman he really loved, but let go many years ago.  That woman would be Josephine Flowers Prescott.  Josephine is a Vice Principal of a school and married to Darrien Prescott.  Darrien is the superintendent of a rich school district, and he is very concerned with image.  So concerned he is always thinking about what his peers will think about Josephine working in such a poor school district.  He feels that Josephine should get a job in his district.  He is also always bothering Josephine about her being slightly overweight.   Josephine is eager to have a baby, but her husband keeps putting if off.  When John finds out how quickly Josephine moved on after their break up he wonders if she is truly happy, and seeks to find out.  John Sebastian is used to getting what he wants, and he will not take no for an answer in his pursuit of Josephine.  He wants to correct the wrongs of the past, and earn Josephine's trust, friendship and most importantly her love.    This book is a must read.  The love scenes in this book are super hot, and he has some really positive male role models in this book.  Mr. Duke is one of those positive male role models.  This book I felt was not predictable, and there are some great pot twists in this book that will really surprise you.  First question you will have is "Well she is married, so how on earth will John get this woman back?  She has moved on, there is no way she will look back.  Or will she?"  Read the book to find out!!!  You will not be disappointed.       