 This is a fun show to watch.  I don't like the series enough to want to purchase the season set, but it was interesting to see a hooptie transformed into a much improved appearing car.  Xzibit is a good host for the show.  He is quite funny and being a hip hop artist, a lot of people are familiar and comfortable with him.  The basis of the show is people pretty much beg for their cars to be fixed up.  These cars may have mismatched paint, no seats, one car was held together by glue and gum!!!!  Cars held together by duct tape.  Key broken into the ignition, driver side window does not work, cars so dirty looks like years of grit on it. Alarm goes off if you so much as sneeze on one car. One car broke down just short of getting to WCC.  Now that was hilarious.  They had to push the car into the lot.    These cars are in really horrible shape. Xzibit surprises the person, and takes their car to West Coast Customs, and you hear what their plans are for the car.  After the men of WCC discuss what their plans are, you see the magic being done.  Sometimes they run into problems, but they always work things out to finish the task at hand.   I also have to add the workers reaction when they first see the car enter the lot is comical as well.  Xzibit makes jokes while driving some of the cars, because they are that bad.    A lot of the clients are young college students, or getting first jobs, or helping relatives and need reliable transportation.    Some cars get as much as $20,000 worth of work on it!!  Rims, new tires, an awesome audio system.  A fabulous paint job.  The best part of the show is seeing the person results when they see their car again for the first time.  Chrstine's reacting was so intense she made me cry.  Some folks are brought to tears when they see what their car looks like.  I also liked how they really tried to learn about the person driving the car and would make sure to incorporate the person's individual personality into the ride.    I will admit I thought it a little excessive to put xbox's, fish tanks, chandelier's, espresso machines into the car.  My favorite segment was when Xzibit got one person whose Escort was not safe to drive a new Scion, and they hooked up the Scion.  I thought that was wonderful. The custom paint jobs were really nice as well.  Raspberry Pearl, two tone yellow and black, cinnamon pearl paint jobs to name a few.   The series is on 3 Disc and you get some extras too.  Some worth watching, others you can skip I felt.    All in all it's a fun show to watch, but I would not buy the series.  This is the type of series you will watch once, maybe twice, but it's not the type of show I would find myself having the urge to watch over and over again.  It's a fun rental.       