 With the success of Scary Movie, it should have been no surprise there would be a Scary Movie 2.  Forget the movie poster said "no sequel", that picking fun at the fact, when a movie does so well, the movie studios usually scream "Let's make a sequel!!!"  This movie was pretty funny, but I thought it was somewhat tamer than the first movie.  The more I watch it, the more I like it.  Initially, I did not like it as much as I did the first one.  Shawn and Marlon Wayans return, along with Anna Farris, and Regina Hall.  James Woods, Tori Spelling, Tim Curry, Kathleen Robertson, Richard Moll as the Ghost, and Chris Elliot are newcomers in this installment.  Keenan Ivory Wayans returns as the Director of the second installment.  Like Scary Movie, Scary Movie 2 spoofs some horror flicks and even includes a play on the Nike Commercial.  Scary Movie 2 spoofs, The Exorcist, House on Haunted Hill, and Charlie's Angels.   The beginning of the movie is funny with the girl urinating endlessly on the carpet, and the mother hitting her in the head with a rolled up newspaper.  James Woods is hilarious as the priest that's trying to exorcise the demon out of the little girl.  The puking scene is gross, but so funny, you can't help but laugh.  When Cindy sees Ray and asks him "What are you doing here?, I'm back for the sequel." is Ray's response.  Chris Elliot stole the movie with his little hands and his strange behavior.  I could not stop laughing during the dinner scene, when he kept putting his hand in the food, and the guest did not want to eat.   When he was trying to rub his hand on someone's face, and she was repulsed it.  That is too funny.  The other scene that I enjoy watching is Tori Spelling being seduced by the spirit and how she ended up on the wall, then the ceiling, and when he first saw her toe nails he said "What the?"  I still chuckle when I think about that scene.  It's that funny.  Well it is too me.  When she starts planning their future together while smoking a cigarette and he leaves her that is hilarious!!!!  When Hansen cuts open Shorty's brain (spoofing a scene from Hannibal), and this really funny looking guy appears, I'm still end up wiping my face thinking about that scene.    The other scene that makes me laugh is when Cindy fights the cat.  The cat was not happy about Cindy using her liter box!!!  "I'm sorry I went poopy in your liter box." This movie has a ton of extras which are fun to watch, and the door knocker is yet another funny thing.    If you love to laugh, then this movie is for you.  If you enjoyed Scary Movie, then you will enjoy Scary Movie 2.  I feel they should have stopped after the second movie.  I thought Scary Movie 3 was lousy, and they will be coming out with a Scary Movie 4 now that Anna Farris has signed on.  I hope 4 is better than 3 was.       