 The main positive of this film is you get both the widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film on one DVD.  I really like seeing that feature, and wish more movies gave that option.   In this flop of a buddy cop comedy Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) is a cop who is more into his real estate business and K C Calden (Josh Harnett) is his younger partner who would rather teach yoga classes and flirt with the yoga students in his class.  Calden is also a wannabe actor.  The movie begins with the murders an up and coming rap group H20 Click (hip hop artist Choppa one of the members lip synching terribly).  During the investigation all clues lead to recording executive Antoine Sartain (Isaiah Washington- True Crime, Ghost Ship, Soul Food Series Season 1).  In an even bigger twist (if you can even call it that) the former partner of Calden's father, Leroy Wasley is in charge of Sartain's security.  The actual police case that the film is supposed to be investigating takes a back seat to their second jobs.  In fact you are so irritated by the constant ringing of Harrison's cell phone you forget what this lousy movie is about in the first place.  The rest of the movies is spent solving the case and Gavilan trying to sell the house that could give him a huge commission.  Gavilan can't sell to save his life!!!  Calden is seen rehearsing for a Street Car Named Desire.  All I wanted to do was scream at my TV "Stick to being a cop and yoga instructor!!!!!!"  The funniest part of the film was the K-Ro (Kurupt) chase scene.  Kurupt had me laughing with the way he was running, and the crazy things he said, and did.  Aside of that I had to struggle to watch this disaster of a film.  Hollywood Homicide pretty much could describe the careers of anyone who starred in this flop.  Will someone please inform Hollywood putting some rappers in movies is not going to guarantee a hit.  All rappers can't act, so stop putting Master P in movies!!!!!! Uuuugggggghhhhhhhhh   Gladys Knight has a small role as mother to K-Ro.  Lou Diamond Phillips has a role as a male hooker undercover cop;  Martin Landau as a has been director; Smokey Robinson as a cab driver; let's just say all the cameos in the world could not save this pathetic movie!!!   The only reason I'm giving this movie a two rating is because of the Kurupt chase scene.  I'm so happy I borrowed this from my local library, and did not spend my hard earned money to rent this.  This movie is supposed to be a comedy, but trust me, you won't find yourself laughing.  I'm usually a huge fan of Ford's, but this is one movie I would not watch again.  I guess every actor has to have that one movie on their resume that they did just to collect a check.  This sorry flop is Harrison's.  The chemistry between the two "buddy cops" seemed very forced.    The best Buddy cop movie will always be Lethal Weapon, with Rush Hour coming in second.  Rent those and leave this horrible movie on the shelves.       