 This is a touching comedy starring Kadeem Hardison (A Different World), and Marlon Wayans (In Living Color, The Wayans Brothers).  Kenny(Wayans) and Antoine(Hardison) are brothers who have been through everything together.  Including the death of their beloved father who taught them "You can get through anything if you stick together".  They play for the same college basketball team, The Huskies.   A&K all the way is their battle cry, and they play well off of each other with Antoine being the star player.  During a game Antoine goes down, and he has to be rushed to the hospital.  Kenny tries to rush to the hospital after the game, but finds out that Antoine dies.  Kenny has to go on with is life without his brother and it's not easy.  At one point he prays and he tells his late brother how much he needs him in his life.  Strange but funny things start to happen.  After a game win Kenny is hugging his brother, everyone is looking at him like he has totally flipped. To cover it up he claims he is hugging himself.    The gym scene in the movie is hilarious.  Kenny gets beat up real bad.  He is tossed around and his friends think he has lost it.  Kenny convinces Antoine to show him self so his friends don't cart him off to the loony farm.  Antoine does some magical stuff and the whole team realizes that Kenny is not crazy.  Now that Antoine is back so to say, the team starts playing a lot better.  Three point shots usually missed are always going in. Danny is able to dunk, and the team keeps winning games.  Even the team mascot is able to make one of his trick shots thanks to Antoine.   RC is asked to write story and the strange things going on to advance her career.  She gets close to Kenny.  Kenny and reporter RC (Michael Michele ) start to date, but Antoine keeps sabatoging things.  He makes Kenny put steak sauce on his salmon, and prevents Kenny from kissing RC good night. Kenny was the sidekick of the team and he does not want to do it anymore.  Antoine has taken over and Kenny wants his shot to prove to himself he can do it, and even though he misses Antoine, he knows he has to let his brother go.  Antoine is a ball hog.  The team even have their own Dennis Rodman, Zigi is always doing something with his hair.  The team is able to win finally win a game, and Antoine leaves his brother behind in a scene that still makes me cry to this day.  I liked the special lighting they used on Antoine to give him a ghost like appearance.    The movie also stars Orr Lorenzo as Malik, Chris Spencer as Jimmy Stubbs, David Paymer  Coach Pederson(who reminds me of Jeff Van Gundy), Dick Vitale, Bill Walton, John Tompson,   This is a great movie the whole family can watch together and enjoy.  The movie is fun, but there are parts that are sad to.  It's a touching film I still enjoy watching a lot.       