 Rayne a filmmaker is afraid of something and harboring a secret.  She is a wife and mother to an adorable little girl named Desiree.  Paul is trying to be an understanding husband, but he is not getting the affection he wants at home, and trying to remember why he loves his wife.  Her friend Gayle can take credit for Rayne being married to Paul.  She introduced them.  A horrible accident takes away her only child and her husband.  Rayne is so traumatized she has a mental breakdown.  While living with her father and step father she attempts suicide.  Her father William feels it's best to place her in a mental institution, and Rayne does not speak.    Rayne is seeing a psychologist named Dr. Pauline Dennis who figures out the accident is not the cause of Rayne's breakdown, but something that Rayne decided to put in the deep closet of her mind.  Something so terrible, that it affected her marriage without her truly realizing it.  Something from her childhood is trying to resurface, and it's up to Dr. Dennis to help her face her internal demons.    Gayle is having marital problems. Her husband James feels that Gayle wants to be just like Rayne.  Gayle did have feelings for Paul.  The only reason she married James is because he did not eyes for Rayne.  James wants to leave Gayle and take custody of their daughter.   Edith Rayne's stepmother is always justifying the abuse she endures from William.  William blames Rayne for losing the love of his life Carol.  Carol is Rayne's birth mother and she died having Rayne.  Edith sadly lives in Carol's shadow.  William is not a nice man at all.    Rayne is trying to deal with the voices in her head that seem to speak to her.  The voice wants to free her from her burden and the voice that wants her to keep quiet and not tell the secrets that have haunted her.    Rayne eventually befriends Robert a landscaper who has a father at the facility.  Robert loves his father, but he also resents his father.  His father abandoned him as a young boy.  Rayne helps him with his problem, and she in turn is able to lean on him for support which helps her recovery.    Helping Rayne is also helping Dr. Pauline face her own issues.  Pauline is a victim of incest, and became a Doctor to help other people not to live with the shame.  Dr. Pauline is making progress, but Dr. Howell wants to have Rayne go through electro shock therapy.  Dr. Pauline risks her entire career and reputation and removes Rayne from the facility.    Rayne is taken to Gayle's house and Gayle is asked hide Rayne there.  William is not pleased when he returns to the facility and finds out not only is Rayne missing, but she did not have the electroshock treatment.  He was a selfish, selfish man who only thought of himself.    When Rayne finally confronts her father, I wanted to shout.  He was an evil man.    This book is very deep.  It's not a feel good novel.  This book deals with issues of molestation, abuse and abandonment.  Rayne father manipulated her and tried to make her think she was crazy, when he was the one with the problem and was the reason Rayne was in such turmoil.  William had issues with love, losing a loved one, not accepting loss and dealing with trauma instead of hiding in the deep crevices of the mind.    This is the type of book I will only read once.  It's a little slow at time, and I really had to make myself stick with it to see what the outcome would be.  The book deals with a person's split personality from the trauma of being molested.    I noticed the comparisons to Zane's Nervous.  While both books deal with the same subject matter, the author's just went about it differently.       