 After this movie received such terrible reviews, it took me a while to watch this film.  I'm glad I watched it, and the movie is not bad at all.  I was actually quite surprised by how enjoyable this movie was.  Granted it's predictable, but it's a good sweet film.  It's one I would consider watching again. Ty really stole the movie.  He was too cute!!!    Jennifer Lopez plays Marisa Ventura.  She is a single mother who works as a maid in a Manhattan hotel.  Marisa actually would like to apply for a management position, but she has doubts, and her mother is not helpful where encouragement is concerned.  Marisa is cleaning the room of a rich man hungry woman and tries on some of the outfits in her closet.  Christopher Hall who is running for the Senate runs into Maria's adorable son in the elevator at the hotel she works at, and he takes Ty to see her so he can ask permission to walk with Hall and his dog.  They meet, mistaken identity, and love at first site.  That's when the problems and the fun begin.  Marisa ends up getting to know him a little, and they begin to date.  Hall is totally enamored with Marisa.  He likes that she is not only beautiful, but intelligent, and she has her own opinions.  The rich woman whose room she was cleaning notices something is amiss because she can't get the Halls attention, and when she discovers a missing piece of jewelry on Marisa's neck reports her to management, and Marisa looses her job.    Natasha Richardson is quite funny as a rich, but annoying Caroline, and her friend played by Amy Sidaris is even more annoying.  I liked how they discussed some of the serotypes that are in the Latino community.  For example: "Why are you asking her, she can't even speak English!".  Just because Marisa is Latino it was assumed she could not speak English, and that's wrong, but sadly it's common.  I was very happy when Marisa stood up to her mother and went after her career goals.  I mean why settle, when you can do something that will be better? The dress Marissa wore to the fund raiser event was simply gorgeous!!  Jennifer Lopez is simply a beautiful, beautiful woman.  This is a great film.  It's a sweet film.  If you already own Pretty Woman, and watch this on the same night you will have an enjoyable evening.  I know I did!!!       