 I don't have any children of my own, so I usually feel strange watching a movie like this without a child in the room, but after my 6 year old niece pretty much informed me that I was missing out on a great movie I decided to watch it.  This movie was so much fun for me to watch, and it was a very sweet movie.  It's one that I could actually relate to.  Marlin is a clownfish who is about to become a father for the first time.  He is happy, he is in love with his wife, and he can't wait for all the fish eggs to hatch.  Marlin looses his entire family, except for Nemo, and Marlin becomes very protective because Nemo is all he has. He does not want anything to happen to his son.  Nemo wants to be able to explore, and find his own way, while his father wants him to stay as close to home as possible.  Nemo is really tired of his dad always trying to protect him.  He feels like such a baby, and even though he has an undeveloped fin, Nemo feels like he can do anything anyone else can.  It's the first day of school, Nemo is excited, and Marlin is nervous.  When Nemo is caught by a diver, Marlin starts a frantic search for his only child and will not give up until he finds Nemo.  This is when the real fun, and action begins.    I loved the forgetful Dorry (voiced by Ellen Degeneres).  She was so funny and energetic.  The Sharks that had a self help group promoting goodwill between fish and sharks was a total riot.  "Remember, fish are friends, not food!!"  When Bruce (the head Shark) gets a whiff of blood after one of the fish is injured he totally forgets that fish are friends, and he wants to nibble.  I liked how Marlin would stop at nothing to find his only child.  That really touched my heart.     Along the way during his search for Nemo Marlin runs into sharks, whales, jellyfish, sea turtles, crab, and sea gulls.    Nemo finds himself stuck in a fish tank in a dentist office, and finds out he will be a present to a girl who killed her last fish.  Needless to say Nemo wants to find a way to escape so he can make his way back to his father, before the girl with the braces comes to claim him.   The animation for the movie was simply beautiful.  I felt like I was in the beautiful sea along with the fish.  The title is not just about Marlin finding his son, but Nemo also finding himself.  If you think about it, we have all gone through something similar.  We want to live up to the expectations of our parents, but we want to learn the good and bad in life on our own.  I felt the film also dealt with having to pay for the consequences of your actions.  Nemo tried to defy his father, and he paid a hefty price, but on the same token, Marlin did not love his son any less.  I thought this was such an adorable movie, with plenty of parts to make me laugh, and other parts that I felt was kind of scary for very young children.   This is an enjoyable film the whole family can enjoy together.       