 KRS-One means Knowledge Reigns Surpreme over nearly Everyone.  Born Kris Parker and nicknamed The Teacher because of his conscious and social raps.  I've been a fan of this artist since his Boogie Down Production days.  Having been born and raised in the Bronx, there was so much excitement when the song The South Bronx was released.  KRS-One is probably one of the most intelligent, and talented hip hop artist to bless the mike with his vocal skills.  What I always enjoyed about KRS-One is he would have you jamming to the music, and he hits you with this message that you had no choice but think about.  His music is still poignant now and many of his songs still work today like "Love's gonna get you", and "Jimmy".  A Retrospective has many of his great hits that you can enjoy again and again.  I love playing this CD.  You listen to it and you learn something which you really can't say with the music that you hear today.    KRS-One could care less about materialism.  He was about spreading knowledge, and positivity.  "Why is that" was in my opinion one of the most poignant songs he released questioning history.  When I first heard the song, I loved the groove, but one day I really listened to what he was saying, and I was really blown away by what he was saying.       I enjoy all the songs on Retrospective.  Here are my favorites:  1.  My Philosophy 2.  I'm Still #1 4.  Sound of the Police 5.  Love's Gonna Getcha (Material Love) 6.  Step Into a world 7.  You must learn 8.  Jack of Spades 10.  Jimmy 12.  Black Cop 14.  Why is that  Loves gonna get you talks about the love of materialism and where it can get you in life.  That song is so deep, and he tells a story I'm sure many are familiar with.  Wanting to work to help support the family, can't find a job, or when you do it does not pay enough.  Someone offers you the opportunity to make some quick money, and the lure is too great to pass up.  Making the money allows you to live a grand life, but it's not forever.  Jimmy talks about having safe sex, and maybe he should come out with a 2005 version with AIDS taking it's toll in the black community.    Jack of spades was a song played in the I'm Gonna Git you Sucka movie. This is one CD you must have in your CD collection, and one you will play a lot.  This CD will stand the test of time.       