 This is a sweet romance comedy. The story is about two totally opposite divorce lawyers.  Audrey is the type of person who eats junk food when nervous (yet managed to keep her figure), and avoids relationships at all costs.  Daniel is unkempt who will throw Audrey's life in a tail spin.  The chemistry between these two work well.  He represents clients who are going through divorces from Audrey's clients.  He is obviously smitten, but Audrey is trying hard to fight her emotions.  Audrey has a mother who is fighting to stay young, and does not want to be known as her mother in public.  Her mother spends time exercising, and having botox parties.  However, the movie was stolen by rocker couple Thorne (Michael Sheen) and Serena (Parker Posey) as a couple going through a nasty divorce.  Their scenes are laugh out loud funny.  When Audrey meets fashion designer Serena, she convinces Serena that she should not deal with Thorne's infidelity and she agrees to be Serena's attorney.  Serena changes her mind and instead wants Daniel as her lawyer, and Audrey ends up taking on Thorne as a client.  The couple want the castle in Ireland.  While trying to settle the estate of the rocker couple Audrey and Daniel take a trip to Ireland to check out the estate, and speak with the staff.  While in Ireland they "accidentally" get married.  Seems drinking too much does not agree with Audrey.    Audrey wakes up horrified, while Michael seems okay with the idea.  Audrey wants to keep everything under wraps, but word gets out they are married.  As time passes, Audrey comes to terms with her true feelings for Michael.   It's a sweet film that's okay.  It's not super great, but I liked it enough that I would consider watching it every now and again.  This is not a film I would consider adding to my DVD collection.  I'm a huge fan of Moore and Bronsan, but to me the chemistry was kind of lacking too me.  I thought the scenes in Ireland were rather nice.  The castle was really beautiful.  For basketball fans, notice the quick appearance of Allen Houston (NY Knicks) as one of Audrey's clients.       