 Hot chick uses the switcheroo as the theme for this movie.  Rob Schneider plays Clive a thief who ends up switching bodies with a stuck up popular pretty girl named Jessica.  Jessica steals a pair of earrings she had no business taking.  Turns out the earrings have some kind of ancient spell on them.  When Jessica is bumped into by the thief, they each have an earring not knowing that when they fall asleep and wake up they will be in bodies other then their own.  Jessica wakes up and realizes she is the thief to her horror and the thief wakes up realizing he is now a girl.  Clive now Jessica goes in search of her friends to help her figure out what is going on and help her get back into her own body before the prom.  The scene with Jessica getting maced by her friend April (Ferris) garnered a few chuckles.  The one scene that did make me laugh hard was Jessica's first attempt of using a urinal.  There is one scene involving Jessica's parents that was also kind of funny.  Rob transforms into Taguito the gardner and bonds with the father, but also has to later ward off mom's sexual advances.  What I wanted to see more of was the McAdams time as a guy because I'm sure that would have added to the movie.  Watching Sneider act girly is actually kind of comical.  Anna Ferris (Scary Movie, Scarey Movie 2, Scary Movie 3) is simply fantastic in this film as Jessica's best friend.  The movie ends with the bodies being switched back, and all being well in the world.  The Jessica to Rob pole dancing transformation was a hoot as well.    The movie made me chuckle a few times, but other than that it was just an okay movie.  Adam Sandler has a forgettable cameo in the movie and R&B artist Angie Stone plays the part of the store clerk that did not want to sell the magical earrings to Jessica.  Matthew Lawrence, Tia and Tamera Mowry (Sister Sister) also star in this comedy.  Die hard Schneider fans will enjoy this movie.  For those that are not Schneider fans will find this movie worth a rental or two.       