 I am a huge CSI fan. I enjoy watching the show, but I enjoy the show even more now that it's on DVD. I have season 1 and I have a great time having uninterrupted commercial free CSI marathons. What makes this show so interesting to me is how they use science to solve the crimes. If I had known science could lead to that type of a career opportunity, I would have taken the extra science classes in school when I was younger!!! You get 23 episodes on 6 DVDs. The 6th DVD has three episodes and then some extras. I wish they would have put the character profiles on the first DVD instead of the 6th. The show tends to use real life criminal cases for their shows. Some of the shows I recognized cases discussed on the news. Another good thing about shows on DVD? You get to see the missed episodes you did not catch during the original broadcast. I thought I caught all the shows on TV, but turned out I had not seen Who Are you, Pledging Mr. Johnson, Blood Drops, Unfriendly Skies, Boom, Sounds of Silence, and Justice is Served. I enjoy how visual the show is, and the show focus is on the crime, not Las Vegas. You may see a backdrop of Vegas at the beginning of the show or during the show, but that?s about it.  Gil Grissom is an old school forensic scientist. He likes to use the hands on approach to solving crimes. He loves to solve puzzles, and he tries not to let his emotions get in the way of doing his job. After a major shooting of one of the other forensic investigators he ends up becoming the supervisor of the night shift, while Brass is sent back to homicide. There is always a tug of war between the police and the forensic investigators. Grissom hates three things. 1. Guys who hit their wives, Sexual assault on children, and scum who deal to kids.   Grissom supervises Katherine Willows a former "erotic dancer" who is a divorced single mom of a young girl. The very handsome Nick, who is always in competition with Warrick (another handsome man, those eyes, those lips, that hair!!!!) who has a gambling problem, and new comer Sarah who wants acceptance, but demands respect. She has a hard time keeping her emotions in check. Especially during the sexual assault cases, but Katherine is the same way during a case that deals with the death of a child. Reginald Vel Johnson (Family Matters) has a role in three episodes of season 1 as a Psychologist.   I enjoy watching all the cases, but my favorite cases are the following:  1. Unfriendly Skies 2. Blood Drops 3. Sounds of Silence  4. Friends and Lovers 5. Who are you 6. anonymous 7. Crate and Burial 8. Pledging Mr. Johnson 9. Too Tough to die 10. I-15 Murders  This is a great, great show!!     