 This book is simply fantastic!!!  I could not put this book down, and Travis Hunter was actually able to make it in such a way that you could have compassion for Jermaine Banks despite the choices he made in his life.   Jermaine Banks is a 29 year old drug dealer.  Jerome is a father to a son he loves with all his heart, and has a child on the way with his girlfriend Erin. Erin who wants him to leave the drug life behind.  Add into that equation his girlfriends over protective family who does not like Jermaine.  Jermaine finds out some news that will change his world.  He finds out he has a father he did not know he had, but he also finds out he has a brother.  Calvin is a man who has a successful business, but turns out his business dealings are not as legit as they seem.  The book focuses on Jermaine making positive choices in his life so he can change his life for the better.  He wants to gain custody of his son from his baby's mother, and he wants to do his best to get to know the family (minus his father) that he did not realize he had.  We watch as he struggles with his emotions.  He wants to do get a job, but will he be able to find one that will pay him enough to support himself and his son.  He wants to move out of his neighborhood to avoid the temptation.  He wants to be the type of father to his son, that his own father was not to him.  He realizes after a good friend of his is gunned down that he has to leave the life.    In this book you will find yourself really feeling for the characters.  You feel the inner turmoil of Louis Sharpe (grandfather to Jermaine, and Father to Calvin).  You know he wonders if he truly raised his son right, if Calvin could do all that he has done.    Calvin Sharpe, so focused on making money, he could care less about the people in his life, and the pain he brings to his family.  Calvin hopes he can right the wrongs in his life before it's too late.    C. J. has the life Jermaine is envious of.  The material things like the big house, the maid, everything that money could buy.  What he really wanted is his father's love, guidance, and attention.    Mr. Hunter put a subtle, yet poignant message in the book.  The message in the story is dealing with the consequences of your actions.  It's a book about life in the hood, without it being all thugged out, and that's why I enjoyed it so much.  What I also found very fascinating is both Jermain and Calvin were both hustler's in their own way. Jermaine was a street hustler, and Calvin was a corporate hustler.  Different lifestyles, but not so different.    The plot twists in this book make this a page turner for sure.  I think anyone who reads this novel will really enjoy it.  I know I did!!       