 Living Single was one of my favorite shows when it used to come on FOX and I'm so excited it came out Season 1 has been released on DVD.  Living Single was such a positive depiction of African Americans.  You had goal oriented people who were trying to live life in the city.  Dealing with career challenges, and relationships.  It was a show anyone could relate to regardless of race.  This show had such a wonderful cast that had awesome chemistry.  Erika Alexander as Attorney Maxine Shaw, Kim Fields as the Diva Regine, Kim Coles as the dense, but very funny Synclaire James cousin of Kadijah played by Queen Latifah.  T.C. Carson as the suave ladies man Kyle, and John Henton as the handyman Overton who is in love with Synclaire.   What I liked about the show is the women with the exception of Maxine were not skinny women.  Kadijah always wore nice outfits to the office and looked nice when she dressed casual and even though she was an average sized woman, had no problem dating.  I really liked that.    Kadijah was owner of Flava Magazine, and Synclaire worked with her as the office assistant.  One of my favorite episodes is when Synclaire runs the office while Kadijah is out sick.  Despite everything that happened she managed to get that Shoe La La account.  Kyle works in the finance industry, and even though it's not mentioned a lot, there was one episode that showed his desire to move up in the company, and his willingness to play poker with his coworkers.  Regine worked, but she was really known for her outfits, her wigs, and her love life.  First episode found her dealing with the fact she was dating a married man, then another episode had her dating a man that had a young daughter.    I loved the interaction between Kyle and Maxine.  They were always going at it, but you could not help but laugh.  Maxine liked to date, but still getting over the pain of her ex-boyfriend "Packing his little raggedy duffel bag and left."    Even thought it was Regine, Kadijah and Synclaire who were the roommates, you would find Maxine at their house all the time eating their food.  Maxine lived in the building across the street.  Kyle and Overton were roommates who lived upstairs in the same building.    There is some poked at Kim Fields, but you miss it if you never watched The Facts of Life.  In the "A Kiss before lying" episode there is a line where Maxine's new fianc says "I went to a small private school called Eastland" and Regine says "Never heard of it" and then grins into the camera.  I found that to be rather amusing.     I like all the episodes, but the following are my stand out episodes that I will watch a lot: 1.  Whose Date is it anyway? Synclaire dates a very handsome veterinarian played by Tommy Ford (of the television show Martin)  2.  Full Court Press - Khadijah goes to court after an automobile accident and Maxine helps represent her.  When Khadijah throws the cake in Maxines face at the end of the episode I just laugh. Kyle and Overton Join a gym and over do their workout.    3.  Great Expectations - the gang go out clubbing, Regine pours drinks on women wearing her one of a kind dress, and Maxine attracts a guy who has a gold tooth in his mouth.    4.  A Kiss before lying - Maxine faces her ex (Raggedy duffle bag) and his new fianc.  5.  Just Friends - Khadijah's friendship with her old pal Scooter crosses into more then friends.  6.  The Naked Truth - Overton moves in with the girls after a fight with Kyle and walks in on a naked Khadijah.  7.  Crappy Birthday - the girls go to Atlanta City to celebrate Khadijah's birthday.  8.  Love takes a Holiday - Kyle gets his heartbroken.  9.  Fatal Distraction - Khadijah hires a writer without checking his references and has to fire him when his writing is terrible.   10.  The hand that Robs the Cradle - one of my all time favorite episodes.  Maxine dates a college freshman played by Terrence Howard.   11.  Love they Neighbor - Synclaire finally tells Overton how she feels and gives him a whopper of a kiss.  12.  Mystery Date - the girls find themselves fighting over a new guy who moves into the building played by Morris Chestnust.  13.  Hot fun in the Wintertime - Synclaire has to decided who she is taking on a trip she won on a radio show, and Regine's winter party is turned into a summer party because the heat is too high in the apartment.    14.  Whose the Boss - Khadijah is sick with the flu, and Synclaire sits in for her as boss.   15.  Five card stud - the girls crash Kyles poker party and when one of his coworkers utters the B word, things get ugly.  16.  Love is a many splintered thing - When Khadijah starts hanging out with her new boyfriend, the girls feel slighted.    17.  She ain't heavy she's my mother - Khadijahs and Regines mother comes in for Mothers day.  The mothers were played by real moms Chip Fields and Rita Owens.  18.  What's Next - Maxine wakes up realizing she slept with Kyle.  Khadijahs two men in her life run into each other and she has to make a choice.  I love this episode!!!    There were some notable guest appearances in Season 1 as well. Nia long, Tommy Ford, Miguel Nuznez - Goldie, Teri J. Vaughn (Steve Harvey Show), Isabelle Sanford as the assistant that replaces Synclaire.  Flip Wilson and Ed Mcman, Terrance Howard, Cree Summer, Morris Chestnut, Melissa DeSousa (plays Carmen), Mark Curry, Jerome Betis (Football Player), Anna Marie Johnson.     In addition to all 27 episodes you have the How Ya Living extra with the cast minus Queen Latifah.  Yvette Lee Bowser the shows creator and the cast discuss the show.  I liked hearing the cast discuss how much fun they had.  It's not explained why Queen Latifah was not present, but when you finish watching the extra feature, you don't really miss hearing what she has to say about being a part of the show.    If you were a fan of Living Single then you need to own this Season 1 set.  I just hope we are not kept waiting for the other season sets.  I can't wait to own them all.  I know the show is in syndication, but I like being able to pick which episodes I watch over and over again, and not having to deal with the commercials.       