 From the reviews I heard, and read, I was expecting Bad Company to be a horrible movie.  This movie was actually not bad.  Granted there were some far fetched issues, like Anthony Hopkins running up flights of stairs in no time, but too me this movie was a good action comedy.   Chris Rock plays Mike Turner/Jacob Hayes.  As Jacob Hayes, he is a bookie/DJ/hustler who is coming to terms with his ending relationship with Julia who after three years is moving to Seattle to move on with her life.  Jacob is brought into the CIA to help finish a case his now murdered brother Mike Turner was working on.  Agent Oaks has 9 days to make Jacob as polished and knowledge as Hayes to make the mission a success.  Jacob is to help twart a possible suitcase bomb from getting into the wrong hands.  As Mike Hayes he has to speak well, and well act like his brother without blowing the whole case.  Turns out he can mix his street smarts and get over.  He can't fool everybody though.  When Nicole (played by Garcelle Beauvais) she knows right off he is not Mike.  Jacob has to dodge bullets, and is ready to leave the case all together until His girlfriend Juila is kidnapped by the bad guys.   The movie had some great action scenes.  Some of the comedic lines were out of place, but the comedic lines that did fit well in the film were funny.  The scene where puts Air supply son "All out of Love" on in a club was very, very funny.  Those folks in the club looked like they were about to jump him!!!  Kerry Washington has a bright future if she keeps getting some good roles.  Irma P Hall has a role in the film as Jacob foster mother.  Michael Early also had a very small minor role, so small and minor there was really no sense in him being in the film. The same with Garcelle Beauvais her role was so minor I wondered if it was really necessary.  Aside of that I really enjoyed this film, the movie is predictable at time, but interesting enough to keep you watching.  I would actually rent this again.   If you enjoyed Rush Hour, or Enemy of the State then you should enjoy this movie.     