 I really enjoyed this book.  What a blessing the gift of motherhood is, or can be.  This book introduces you to four women:  Pat, Zuma, Faye, and Sandy.  All of these women work in Blessings a beauty salon owned by Pat.  Pat has everything, wonderful loving husband, a great career, and a beautiful home.  The one thing that she wants is a child.  This obsession to have a child is the one thing that could tear her marriage apart.  When Pat finds out she can?t have children, she not only goes into a deep depression, but she shuts her husband out.  Her wonderful husband knowing how much they both want a family is willing to work things out, and has found a way for them to adopt a child.  They have to deal with the anguish of adopting as well.  Will Pat ever have the child she desires so much?  Faye works in the salon as the braider and weave mistress.  She has two children, and she is a widower.  She is also overweight.  She is still dealing with the pain of losing her husband, and to deal with her loneliness and stress she eats, and eats, and eats some more.  She is raising a problematic teenager who really needs some motherly attention (and a good spanking would not hurt), and a young son.  Faye was a character who if I could I wanted to reach into the pages of the book, and shake her.  Her emotional eating just made me so angry with her.  She was eating instead of facing her problems, and coming to grips with what her emotions were doing to her children.    Zuma was a trip.  Zuma is a no nonsense type of woman, who does not take any lip from anyone.  After being in a relationship that did not work out, she had a Master Plan to have a child on her own without a man, especially her sorry ex.   Nothing or no one was going to interfere with her Master Plan.  What Zuma did not do was have a back up Master Plan, and she pretty much expected everything to go as she planned.  The rest of her Master Plan included owning her own shop, and she had the money saved to have one.    Sandy is a mother of two, and she hates being a mother.  While the other women embraced the blessing of being a mother or had a strong desire to be a parent, if Sandy had her way she would not have had children.  She only had them because the man she is in love with wanted children.  Sandy is was an exotic dancer (White Chocolate), but when she started dating Cerwin, the owner of the bar she worked at, he did not want her to be a dancer anymore.  If her children so much as whimpered, she would lash out at them, but let someone try to step in and say something about how she is raising her children, and she will pretty much go off on you.  When tragedy strikes she makes the ultimate sacrifice.  One that will be a blessing to someone who truly deserved it.  This book is very descriptive, but flows well.  This book will take you on an emotional roller coaster.  You will laugh, you will cry, you will get angry, then you will cry again.  You will feel sorry for some of the characters, but get disgusted, and angry at another.   There is a description about a guys rusty crusty feet that will leave you laughing long after you read it.  The ending of the book will have you reaching for some tissue.  I would love to see a follow up to this book.  When you read the book you will understand why I would like to see a sequel to this book.  This is a wonderful book.       