 I read this book really quickly and will keep this book handy.  This book is not just another relationship book, but it's a book written for women by a woman who has lived it herself.  So her Truths are truths she can really endorse because she lived them.  The Truths are tried, and tested.    I thought reading this book was timely for me, being that I'm out there trying to navigate the dating jungle.  The book is often humorous at times, but very insightful.  La Dawn Black has the book set up where the beginning of the chapter has a letter from someone, then she goes into the topic at hand.  She reveals what the Truth is, and then shows an example of the Truth.  The chapter ends with a Truthful lesson and then a Bare Necessity.  La Dawn shares her own relationship realities that helped her form her Truths.    Some of the topics discussed are: 1.	Letting go of the past 2.	Friends messing up our relationship 3.	Making our relationship a top priority 4.	Getting the clues 5.	Dating outside the box  This book is chockful of information.  One chapter that especially needs to be read by some women out there is "Stop Chasing Unavailable Men".  I would highly recommend this book, and I suggest fellow women buy this book as gifts for their sister friends, or female relatives in search of a good relationship.  It really offers some wonderful insight.  I'm not saying this book will help you find that man of your reality tomorrow.  But it will open your eyes to the choices and some of the things getting in the way of you having a good relationship.    For instance you know how women love to say "if he is not making a certain amount of money, she won't waste her time."  Well why is it some women choose men based on salary, but they don't do the same for their friends?  Think about it.  When was the last time you chose a best friend based on their bank account?  You know how some of us have that friend that is financially challenged.    When I read this paragraph, I knew I would really enjoy this book.  Our challenge is not with our men.  The real challenge is reprogramming ourselves so that we can be contributors to our relationships, not detractors.    Here is one more excerpt I will share:  The very best black man is one who is able to feed your spirit and body through compassion, understanding, and dedication to goals, honesty, wit and respect.  The very best brother for you will be the one who is able to meet all your needs - not just the superficial ones.     This book will give hope to women who think they are going to be single for the rest of their lives.  There are good men out there; we just need to be open to the possibilities.  I highly recommend this book.       