 One of the reasons I liked this movie was the message of you can do anything you set your mind to do regardless of the obstacles in the way.  The movie starts off in 1972 with a little girl standing by the ring watching the boxers fight.  You can see the fire in her eye, and as a little girl she really loved boxing.  Fastward to adulthood and Jackie is an Executive Assistant to Irv Able.  Boxing is her passion and working as an Executive Assistant is her way to be involved.  A night out at a party she gets into a discussion with La Rocca (Tony Shaloub) and he offers her one of his boxers for a dollar.  She is more than up for the challenge.  Problem is the boxer is a major crackhead, and has smoked away all his money.  He is in no condition to fight for anything except for finding a way to feed his sorry drug habit.    Enter Luther Shaw, a drug dealer by trade, but Jackie sees something in him that she can work with.  Especially after Luther knocks out the boxer she was supposed to work with.  Luther is tough, stubborn and he thinks he knows it all.  Enter boxing trainer Felix Reynolds (Charles Dutton).  Felix takes no mess and has no problem putting Luther in his place and bringing him down a notch.   Hearing Meg Ryan say words like "off the hook" and "the bomb" in her accent was too funny too me.  I know she was playing her role, but it just came out as forced and it just did not sound right.  Omar Epps looked really good in his role.  You can tell he buffed up to play this role, and his performance was a good one.    I also liked how Jackie was willing to help Luther secure a better place to live and how to manage his finances.  When Luther thanks Jackie for helping him you could see that was hard for him to do, but you could also see his vulnerability, and could sense he really appreciated Jackie for looking out for him.  Something he has not had happen for him in his life.  I thought that was a touching scene.    Sammy mess with Luther's head convincing Luther that Jackie does not have his best interest in mind and that Jackie will have more of a career then he would.  Jackie in fact has gotten beside herself.  The attention is going to her head and Luther wants out of his contract with her.    Shaw has to fight contender Pedro Hernandez sooner then expected.  In three weeks.  Will he be ready?  Will Luther Win or lose?  Needless to say Shaw is a huge under dog.  Jackie hands Luther over to La Rocca and realizes that was a huge mistake.  Kallen gives him a pep talk that gives him a major boost during the fight.  Jackie fades into the background, giving Luther the spotlight.  One of the funny lines was Renee (Kerry Washington) who is Jackie's best friend in the film saying, "you call me for Black up" when Jackie goes into a rough neighborhood.    I feel the movie is worth seeing at least once.  It's not a fantastic movie, but it kept my attention.  The ending was rather abrupt.  The movie left some unanswered questions.  I really enjoyed Omar's and Dutton's performance in the film.       