 This is my least favorite book by Monroe.  Desiree and Carmen are the best of friends.  When Desiree calls Carmen asking for help, Carmen goes running to see what Desiree wants.  In walks Chester in one of his drunken rages.  Carmen clocks Chester hard, and she thinks she killed him.  Carmen and Desiree go on the run hoping to run away from their problems.  Carmen was supposed to marry Burl, the man she pretty much gave up her life for after a stupid accident she has major guilt over.  Carmen and Chester were once involved, but when Carmen causes Burl's accident, she tells Chester they can't be together.  Chester is still very much in love with Carmen, but tries to move on by dating her best friend Desiree.  Desiree was weak, self centered and foolish.  Mimi was an interesting character.  Burl had a serious drinking problem.  I do admit that it was very wrong for Carmen to tie Burl's shoes and left him in the box car, but there was no need to feel like she owed him her life.  She made a stupid mistake, but her biggest mistake was not living her own life to the fullest.    Carmen wants to make people happy, but she is not happy herself.  She had no idea how to say NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.  Carmen drove me crazy making every one's problems her own.  People would just take from her emotionally, and take and take some more.  I wanted to scream "Girl get a grip!!!!"  Every character in this book had some issues, and they were looking for someone else in their lives to fill a void that only they could fill themselves.    Chester's character was interesting, but I felt instead of getting involved with someone else and taking his frustrations out on Desiree, he should have remained by himself.  He could not have Carmen, so he mistreated Desiree.  That was not right at all.  I felt sorry about Burl and his accident, but his mother is the reason he drank so much.  I think Burl would have been hurt even if Carmen had not tied his shoes.  The story was slow at times, but there were some parts of the book that gave me chuckles.  I wanted to see how things would end, so I forced myself to read the book.       