 This book has a nice love story, and plot twists.    This book is about two young people who want to reach for the stars, gain that success and have that music career that is usually elusive to other people who only dream. However, getting there is not without its trials and tribulations. You have Jazmine Deems. She has a beautiful voice, but her father feels if she goes after a career in music she will end up like her mother. Her father wants her to stay in college, get a career, and pray for her very soul. Jazmine realizes to chase her dream, she will have move out on her own, with or without her father's blessings. X-Man(Xavier) is that guy from the hood. He wants a career as a rapper, but he has things holding him back. His troublesome gangster image, and his friends. He wants to escape from the hood, but he does not want to turn his back on his family. His "family" consists of his two friends, the wheel chair drug dealing Rich, and and T-Bone. Jazmine has a friend named Dakota who lives the opposite life she does. She is hip on the latest fashion trends, and having parents who are in the music industry, she helps Jazmine meet the right people to help her career get off the ground. Jazmine and Dakota go to an event at Black Tie records that will change their lives forever. Dakota gets Jazmine's demo tape into the hands of used to be hot music exec Bobby Strong. Bobby is trying to save his career so he will be the number one man when his boss leaves the company. He has this younger guy looking to take the title from him by the name of Kirk Walker, a newer up and coming executive who ends up signing X-Man to Black Tie.     Jazmine and X-Man end up meeting at the Black Tie party, and they hit it off, and start dating. They both hope their careers don't cause trouble in their new budding relationship. As it turns out politics rears it's ugly head, then discover they are in the middle of a producer war. If Jazmine's career takes off, then Bobby is a shoe in for that top spot at Black Tie, but if X-Man's career takes off Kirk could potentially get the job. Bobby's world is falling away from him as he deals with his excessive drug use, and the break up of his marriage. Turns out the more drugs Bobby takes, he worse his situation gets!!!     Just before Jazmine's and X-Mans albums debuts, a secret from X-man's past threatens to tear apart his future career aspirations and end his relationship with Jazmine, the one woman he can admit he loved. You have two different voices speaking through out the book. Jazmine is the girl who wants the love of a good man, her success, strength and the love and acceptance of his father. You have X-Man who wants to keep that gangster edge, but is dealing with his feelings for Jazmine, and the trouble he got himself into. Reading this story is like reading a Modern day Cinderella story. The book was fast paced, and kept me wanting more. I could not wait to see how it would end, and to me the ending teases you with the possibility of a sequel. Caught up in the Rapture will make you think about the song by Anita Baker of the same title. I found myself humming the song while reading the book.     This was a good book, and it's a good read.     