 If you enjoy musicals then you will enjoy the film.  Some people might find the constant breaking out into song annoying, I actually enjoyed it.   The movie takes place in the 20's in Chicago.  Roxie Hart (Renee Zellweger) wants to be a nightclub performer, and she thinks if she beds down a so called manager named Fred Casley she will finally get her big break.  When the man she was having an affair with admits he can't help her, and was only using her for a good time, Roxie gets angry and kills him for betraying her.    Roxie's husband is still very much in love with Roxie despite her betrayal, and will do what he has to in order to get her out of jail and cover her legal fees which are not cheap.  Roxie could care less that her husband loves her.  Roxie only has eyes for the limelight and fame.    In prison Roxie meets Velma Kelly who she admires. Velma Kelly is in jail for killing her husband and sister who were sleeping together behind her back.    Roxie hires Billy Flynn to defend her, and Billy is quite the lawyer.  Roxie and Velma both want to be in the limelight, and in the news.  They will go to any lengths to keep that attention.  Roxie hopes it will help get her career started and Velma wants people to remember her while she is in jail.   For example when Roxie realized she was not getting the attention she wanted because of Lucy Liu's character and she fainted all I could do was shake my head.  She totally forgot she could end up in jail or executed for her crime, and she used her time in jail to seek media attention.  I found it to be rather pathetic.  R&B singer Mya also has a role in the movie.    I was quite surprised at Richard's performance.  I did not see him as the singing and dancing type, but he was actually quite good.  Granted he is not the best singer, but he does okay.  Queen Latifah as "Momma" was simply marvelous.  She runs a tight ship, but she actually cares for the inmates in her jail.  If Queen selects the right roles, she has the making of a huge movie star.  My favorite routine out of the whole movie was the Cell Block Tango.  I watched that one routine 6 times.  I enjoyed it that much.  To me this was an okay movie to watch.  It's one I would consider seeing again, especially for the Cell Block Tango routine.  You might find yourself humming some of the songs long after you've watched the movie.  I still find myself singing All that Jazz or Cell Block Tango.  The songs can be toe tapping and somewhat addictive.     