 I really enjoy Cedric the Entertainer, Steve Harvey, Vanessa Williams and thought this movie would be good.  I was sadly mistaken.  This movie only garnered a few chuckles, but with the Cedric starring in it I really expected to laugh a lot more.  Nate Johnson is trying to prepare for the family trip to see his folks.  He is separated from his wife Dorothy.  To keep up appearances the family goes on the trip, but Nate goes to pick up his new SUV first.  He ends up with this pimped out ride he did not want, but there is no time to get rid of the extras.  Of course his son D. J. is impressed with the new car.    Dorothy only lives a block away from her husband.  Once on the road silliness ensues like picking up a strange hitchhiker, letting that hitchhiker have dinner with the family, and then putting her up in a hotel room.  Turns out she is some kind of Satan worshipper who liked to carry a baby alligator.  The car pretty much getting destroyed, and the family ending up in jail.  At the family reunion, the families perform in a talent show to win a trophy, and Nate is determined to show up his brother Mack.  In my family we don't have a talent show per se, but the kids would entertain the grown ups, so I did not find the talent show segment too far fetched.  Cedric doubles as his Uncle in the film, and the Uncle role was more annoying then funny.  Eddie Murphy is the best at pulling off that type of role (Nutty Professor, Coming to America).    The one scene I found funny was Nate complaining about the music his son D.J. listens to.  "Gotta wear a condom to listen to this music."  Nate then proceeds to toss D.J's Tupac, and Biggie CD's out of the car.  D.J in turn tosses his Nate's old school music out of the window.  This movie I'm sure was easy for Bow Bow, the part was not a stretch for him at all.  The chemistry between Williams and Cedric just was not there.  I really don't think this was the movie for her to be in.  She is much better in Dramas.  The side plot of stalker Stan (Christopher B. Duncan -Jamie Foxx show) was pretty useless.  Shari Headley had such a small part in the movie, you actually forget she starred in this dud.  This is yet another movie I've wasted my time seeing, and won't see again.  A huge disappointment.       