 Edited comments(After watching the DVD series):   Despite knowing Richard Hatch won Survivor Boreno I really enjoyed watching this DVD series. You could see how the show has changed as the Survivor series evolved. With this being the first show you could see that people had no idea how to go about playing the game. Some people seem to treat it like a summer vacation, not realizing it's a competition!! Richard Hatch was cocky from day one, and he had the check claimed. Being that I rented this series I had no idea who was eliminated until I watched the series itself. I could have gone on the website and found out, but that would have taken the fun away from watching the DVD series. During the Tribal council they would hit the gong as they crossed the bridge. One thing that did keep Richard in the game was his fish catching skills. The Pagong tribe had to eat Rat for their protein. Uggggghhhhhh I knew that BB would be voted out in no time. He had a strong work ethic, but he was very, very bossy. Knew that would not go over too well. Greg and his nature phone, that man was crazy!!!! Richard did not get naked until the Udder Revenge episode, so happy it was still blurred out!!!!       Am I the only one who thought it was mean of Jeff to play all the tapes then to tell Jenna her tape did not arrive? I know that was for ratings, but it was so mean. During the reward on the yaht a winner had a special surprise, and that made the evening doubly special. Colleen needed to keep her shut, she voted herself off with her comment. Dumb move!!!       As the game progressed people realized if they were to make it to the next round, they had no choice but to join alliances. That's when the backstabbing and double crossing really begins. If you are a fan of the series, then you notice the alliances are formed much quicker then they were during Boreno.       There were a couple of times Richard could have been voted off. The vote was close, and the game could have gone either way. I get the feeling if Rudy had made it instead of Richard, he would have won the million dollars. I just had so much fun watching this DVD series!!!       I especially had to watch it to hear the Snakes and rats speech!!!       