 Montana Christina Moore is a flight attendant looking for her man.  She has the men in categories:  1. Overnight Bag kind of man 2. Garment Bag kind of man 3. Briefcase man 4. Duffel Bag kind of man 5. Trunk kind of man.    Montana believes that having a husband is a sense of "you're not a lady until you're married and you're not a woman until you have at least two children.  Of course her mother is the Queens of weddings, having been married since Montana's father passed away.  The whole time that Montana is looking for her special guy she had no idea the guy of her dreams has been in her life all along.  This book will make you laugh out loud.  There is the smell money vixen Gail, and there is sky Goddess Sam Benson.  He liked to dress in drag, and he and Gail would argue, and argue, and argue some more.  Some of the disses they traded back and forth will have you wiping the tears from your eyes because you will laugh so hard.  I know some of what happened in the book is far fetched, but it's the work of fiction, so you should know not to take certain things to seriously.    When Montana finds out her younger sister is engaged, she is feeling the pressure, and decides she will find a man and become engaged in 30 days.  So after a makeover, and some studying of the flight schedule, Montana is on her way to a hilarious adventure.  Guy #1 is Damon, Music Exec who is a kept man.  Guy #2 is Reverend Curtis Mereweather who would love to have Montana in his life, but Montana would have to change too much for her own taste to satisfy the other ladies in the church.  She would have to transform herself into Shirley Ceasar.  Guy #3 Langston Battle who is running for congress.  He compares women to his dog.  Langston is stuck up and Montana remembers why she lost interest in him.    No matter what happens to Montana, William is always right there to help her pick up the pieces.  I wanted to reach into the pages, and shake Montana.  She knew she liked William.  How else could she explain her behavior if he mentioned seeing other women or not answering his phone right away?    Guy #5 is Quinton Jamison, 55, and not trying to get married.  Montana wants the proposal.  Montana is forced to face herself, and stand up to her family.  She lets them know what is important to her and that she will marry when she is good and ready.  By the end of the book Montana finally realizes the man of her dreams is someone who has loved her and will love her unconditionally.   This book will make you realize what is important in life, how you can't let the pressure of not being married get to you.  This is a good fun book to read.       