 When this movie flopped in movie theaters I thought this movie was terrible.  Then I read some of the reviews and still thought I should not see this movie.  I happened to find a copy of this movie at my local library, and decided to take a chance.  This movie really surprised me.  I found it funny, but I also know this is not the type of movie I could watch over and over again like I do Dumb and Dumber.  So I won't be adding it to my DVD collection.  This movie is the prequel to Dumb and Dumber.    The movie shows how Harry Dunne and Lloyd Christmas meet.  We also find out why Lloyd has his chipped tooth.  The side story is the Principal and the lunch lady (Cheri Oteri) embezzling $100,000 that was meant for a special needs program.  Principal Collins (Eugene Levy) wants to use the money to buy himself a condo in Hawaii.  Harry and Lloyd are asked to recruit the special needs students for the program.  Lewis is the school mascot for the school football team.  Turk sho is the class bully, Carl the crazy football player, Toby there is nothing wrong with him, but because he has a cast on his foot, he qualifies.  The last student is named Ching Chong who plays a dumb downed student to get boys.  I felt the Ching Chong name was a little over the top, and I know some people found that to be offensive.  Jessica Mathews is the school reporter, and she smells a story, and knows that Harry can help her.  Lloyd convinces Harry that she has the hots for him, and he thinks he will score.    There are some laughable moments, and some that were just silly.  Lloyd using ketchup and mustard to leave a note on the gym floor for his father to read.  The movie used an actual "short bus".  Bob Saget really made the movie.  He is hilarious!!!!  Bob Saget plays the uptight father to Jessica.  Harry goes to Jessica's house and he ends up melting his chocolate bar when he sat on the radiator.  Melted chocolate + a clean bathroom equals a scene that is gross, but very, very funny.  When Jessica's father walks into the bathroom he starts to scream and cuss up a storm, and I ended up on the floor clutching my stomach from laughing so hard.  Hearing him cuss was a riot!!!  When Bob Saget screams "What is it with you and fecal matter", at the end of the movie I could not stop laughing.    The store clerk is quite funny also.  I found the embezzling plot to be kind of dull.  The DVD has a ton of extras for people who enjoy that type of option.    The actors that play Harry (Derek Richardson)and Lloyd (Christian Olsen) were quite good, and played the parts just as well as Jim Carrey (Lloyd) and Jeff Daniels (Harry) did in the original.  In fact I think that Christian Olsen played Lloyd perfectly.  He mimicked Jim Carrey's moves, and facial expressions so well, I kept thinking I was watching Jim himself.  I think this movie should be given a chance, it will surprise you.  The movie serves it's purpose.  It's dumb, but it's also funny.    This is a decent movie and it's worth watching at least once.  Instead of going by the negative reviews I say rent this movie for yourself and form your own opinion.  You may find you are pleasantly surprised.       