 I first saw this movie in theaters, and liked it.  Watching it again, I recalled why I enjoyed this movie so much.  You have some action, great fight scenes, and that little girl Vanessa stole the movie in my opinion.  DMX plays Fait and his team Daria and Miles(Drag On and Gabrielle Union) steal some important black diamonds.  Fait does not realize these diamonds will be more trouble then they are worth.  These are not just some regular black diamonds; these diamonds are needed for a very dangerous weapon.  The stones contain plutonium, and in the wrong hands can be very lethal.  An international arms dealer named Ling is the man who wants the diamonds, and he will stop at nothing to get those gems back.  When the Ling kidnap Fait's daughter Vanessa it's on!!!  You don't mess with a fathers little angle.  Vanessa was a fighter.  Even though she was scared, she wanted to be set free, and she did what she had to do to gain that freedom.  Screaming "I want my daddy", fighting her way out of the tape using the necklace her father gave her, and when she escaped and ran from the van.  I really liked that little girl.  She was smart and resourceful.  She had me really rooting for her. Fait and Su team up to get Vanessa back, and to stop Ling.    That stunt Su (Jet Li) did descending from balcony to balcony was breath taking to me.  It was a stunt that was never done before, and I liked it!!  I liked how Jet Li did his fight scenes with one hand in his pocket.  He really showed his versatility.  I especially enjoyed the scene he did during that ultimate fight scene!!!  That was awesome!!!  I enjoyed how you had three simultaneous fight scenes towards the end of the movie. That was great!!! Anthony Anderson and Tom Arnold provide some comedy relief in the film.  One of the scenes I find funny is when Tommy (Anthony Anderson) has to distract a guard who turns out to be gay.  He did not want to do it, but it was the only way to keep the guard from seeing the break in.  I thought Tom's part was not that much of a departure from the role he played in True Lies.    I can't help but wonder if Aaliyah had been alive would she had played the part Gabrielle Union played?  I think this is a great action packed movie.  I really enjoyed the movie, and DMX was pretty good in the film.  One I will eventually add to my DVD collection.       