 I'm a big fan of Luda's.  This is a very good album put out by Ludacris.  I like this album a lot more than I did his last effort Chicken and Beer.  Ludacris seems like he was in a better frame of mind when he put this CD together.  The beats are good, and he has some good lyrics on the CD.  There are a couple of cuts that stand out because he talks about God and his daughter.  I really like his voice and how he will enunciate some words putting longer emphasis on them to drag them out.  He samples Soul Boss a Nova a tune by Quincy Jones, but people will recognize it more for being used in the Austin Powers films.    Favorite Cuts: 3.  Get Back 4.  Put Your money 6.  Child of the Night 7.  The Potion 11.  Who Not me 12.  Large Amounts   Tunes for the Gym: 3.  Get Back - this song is a great tune for the gym 4.  The Potion 11.  Who Not Me  Nate Dogg sounds different on Child of the Night.  I did not recognize his voice at first, and I'm not so annoyed by his voice on the cut.  This is one song I like because he talks about the struggles of doing right in the eyes of God.  I'm sure there are people who can relate to what he was speaking of.     "Why does everything so wrong feel so good", is one of the lines that stood out.    He talks about Bill O'Reilly again on Number One spot.  "Hi Mr. O'Reilly, Hope all is well,  kiss the plantiff and the wifey."   I could not help but laugh after hearing that.  We all know how much Bill O'Reilly just loves Ludacris.    Large Amounts is a song that talks about how having more money means you have more problems.    Some of the Lyrics: I have my friends steal from me Snatch my credit card and my wallet hit the town and leave outstanding bills for me They say I got the cash for it and I can't recall one single member of my family that never asked for it They've been kicking down doors and bustin' out flows  They can't get me on the phone so they surprise me at my show And everybody needs a loan plus they say they won't blow it All I hear "common cuss you know I'm good for it"  Ludacris has some production by Timbaland, and DMX, Sleepy Brown, Nate Dogg, Trick Daddy, Nas and Doug E. Fresh lend their vocal skills on some cuts.  He did not have anyone from his main DTP camp on this album at all.  I guess with Shawna and I-20 releasing solo efforts he did not want them to be "overexposed"?  This is a good album to have if you are a Ludacris fan. If this is your first Luda CD you are purchasing, you may want to go buy his other CD's Back for the First time, and Word of Mouf.        