 I'm a huge fan of Delroy Lindo, I think he is such a good actor. When I saw this DVD on my library shelf I picked it up.  I'm really glad I did.  For some odd reason he earth's core stops spinning.  Folks with pace makers suddenly drop dead.  Birds go crazy, and some serious landmarks are destroyed.    The world could end.  6 people are selected to help save the earth by going into the ground to restart the earth's core. Dr. Joshua Keyes(Aaron Eckhart) a college professor, Rat (DJ Qualls) is a computer hacker, NASA Astronaut major Rebecca Childs (Hillary Swank), Dr. Conrad Zimsky (Stanly Tucci) Ed Brazzleton (Delroy Lindo) who is a recluse that designed and built the drill and ship to be used on the mission.  Rounding out the cast is Commander Robert Iverson (Greenwood).  I have to say Stanly Tucci played his role well.  I hated him!!!    A magnetic storm destroys Rome.  Watching the Golden Gate bridge fall was amazing!!!!  Out of the whole cast only two survive.  The reason I enjoyed this movie is the focus was not just on special effects.  You got a nice story about the actual crew members involved in this assignment. The characters were well rounded, and there were scenes in the movie where I really felt for some of the characters.  When Rebecca had to make a heart wrenching decision that resulted in the death of a crew member, it really made me feel for both characters. I was on the edge of my seat, holding my chest.   This movie had a good plot.  I was not bored by this movie at all.  It actually intrigued me a great deal.  Not to mention the subtle humor that was interwoven throughout the film.  As usual the government was involved.    I could care less if this type of scenario could happen in real life.  It's a movie.  I thought with movies you could make up far fetched scenarios that will be entertaining and provide some escape for a couple of hours.  Well that's what this movie did, and it did it well.  I think the Core is almost as good as Armageddon.  Armageddon had more action, but the Core came close.  The movie was entertaining, and to me that's all that matters. This movie made me think of Fantastic Voyage.  That was also far fetched, but the idea of being able to send a ship into the human body was entertaining.  This was a good movie.  It's one I would be willing to add to my DVD collection.      