 Great book with a surprise ending!!!   Zane took my by surprise with this book.  The book takes us through the lives of Rayne Waters and Yardley Brown.  The book opens with an important line.  "Things don't happen when we want them to happen; they happen when they're supposed to happen."  Rayne is living a drunken mother and Yardly's friends get him a prostitute for his 16th birthday.  Skip ahead years later, and Rayne works at a bank, and Yardly has his own chiropractor practice.  He always sees Rayne when he makes his deposits at the bank, and is trying to muster up the courage to speak to her.    Some of the names in this book were a little ghetto fabulous.  Boomqueesha, Conquesto?  Rayne is always dealing with money borrowing drunk mother.  Rayne at one point dates Boomqueesha's brother Conquesto.  Conquesto is an excon who has no money, and does not wash his hands after using the bathroom.  When Rayne goes out on the date she ends up paying for everything.    Yardley gets a call from Roxie a girl he had a major crush on in high school, but could not face after having the prostitute for his birthday.  Rayne Waters a distant memory with Roxie back in the picture.  Yardley tries to date Basil, but the church boy is not trying to have any hankie pankie.    Yardley decides to set his sights on Rayne when he catches his best friend Felix having sex with Roxie during a superbowl party at his house.  Basil and Rayne end up being platonic friends nothing more.  Rayne is not having much luck with the men.  She meets Kahlil Henderson and turns out he is on the DL.  Just used her to pass himself off as a heterosexual man.   Yardley and Rayne finally meet.  Rayne does not want to mix business with pleasure, but Yardley is relentless.  Roxie keeps trying to get back in Yardlie's life and he has no intention of every being with her again.  She can't be trusted, and he is not wanting anything to do with Felix.   Felix knows that respect has to be earned again.    Rayne's mother shows up unexpected and a 3 day stay turns into a 3 week stay.  Rayne is ashamed of her mother. If I had a mother like Rayne's I would be ashamed too.  There is a hilarious scene where Rayne's mother shows out during a dinner at Yardley's parents.  I know that Rayne wanted the floor to open up and swallow her up.  Yardley is the kind of man every woman wants.  A Gentleman!!!  I just wanted him to appear right before my eyes.  There was a love scene so passionate in the book between Rayne and Yardley is brought tears to my eyes.  It was amazing!!!!   The book was more character driven, then lust driven like Zane's past books. The book reminds you everything won't end in a happy ending.  Because life is not always a happy situation.  Sometimes you have to deal with grief and sadness. I'm looking forward to the second part of this book.  Afterburn was a lot better than Skyscraper.       