 I've finally seen this movie after all this time. I heard so many negative reviews; I was very hesitant to view this movie. When I heard about the movie, the main focus was on the love scene between Halle, and Billy Bob. Well after seeing this movie for myself, I have to say it was a touching film. The movies focal point is on two characters mostly. Leticia Musgrove is a young mother who is dealing with the execution of her husband (played by Sean Combs), one step from evicted and abusive to her son because he is overweight. Hank (Billy Bob Thornton) works at the jail, and he has a racists father, and a son (Heath Ledger) who just wants his fathers love, support and acceptance. Hank and Leticia's lives will collide, surprising them both. Leticia's son is hit by a car in a freak accident, and Hank actually stops (very surprising) to help Leticia get her son to the hospital. The most gripping scene that had me in tears was watching Leticia deal with her grief of losing her son. Watching her hit the glass, screaming and crying; I could not help but cry right along with her. I felt Leticia's grief, and it was then I realized that Halle deserved her academy reward. Halle played her character so well I felt her resentment towards her husband having to support her son on her own; I felt her grief of losing both her husband and her son. You feel her desperation when she realizes she is losing her home, and you feel her vulnerability when she is seeking the attention that is so elusive to her.     It's never explained what crime was committed for Leticia's husband to be on death row. Another scene that really got to me was the scene when Hank is burying his son and he says "the only sound I want to hear is the dirt hitting his casket." You are amazed at how unfeeling and insensitive he is. Hank and Leticia end up filling voids they both have in their lives. Sony (Heath Ledger) you get the sense that he is trying to find his own place in life, and he does not want to be like his father and grandfather. He is quiet, sad, and just existing simply to exist. His father "claims" he does not love him, and that's all Sony wanted. He wanted his father's love. This movie had simple messages:   1 You never know when you will find love.   2. From bad can eventually come some good.     The big deal over the characters love scene was so uncalled for. Why people saw that scene as one step from porn is beyond me. Leticia was grieving, and she wanted even for a few minuets forget her pain, forget her life was not good, and she wanted to feel good. She wanted for those few minuets feels special, and that's what that scene was about. It was about both of them forgetting their pain, and they sought comfort in one another.     This film displays family dysfunctions for these two characters, and by the end of the film Hand and Leticia find something that's unexpected. This film was really. Gripping performances by everyone who starred in the film. Mos Def had a small role as the father of two sons who were friends with Sony. Even his small part was good. Peter Boyle played his part so well, that I was overjoyed when his son sent him away. I had no sympathy for him at all. This is a good film, that if you have an open mind, you will feel the raw emotion.        