 I have been doing the BFL plan, and lost over 30 pounds. The problem I had was finding ways to have variety with my eating plan. The food list is small, but after a while you ran out of ideas for meals.     This book is perfect, and I'm so happy he put it out. I really enjoy this cookbook. The title of the book says it all. Eating for LIFE. This is NOT a diet, but a way of life. Diets do not work, they are temporary solutions, and you don?t want a temporary solution, but a lifestyle solution. If you want to win the battle of the bulge, this book with the BFL book is the perfect lifestyle solution. If you exercise and eat the recipes from this book you will lose weight. You can?t do one without the other. Exercise and proper eating go hand in hand, and Bill stresses that. "Eating for life takes the guess work out of eating right.", and it really does.     There are some really easy and very satisfying recipes in this book. My favorites:    1. Taco pasta salad  2. Turkey Rueben  3. BLT wrap (I especially enjoy the mustard/mayo spread I make from another BLT wrap recipe!!!)  4. Zesty Italian Chicken  5. Grilled Salmon  6. Spaghetti and Meatballs  7. Balsamic Salmon Salad  8. Baked Chicken Parmesan  9. Sloppy Joes  10. Spicy buffalo chicken sandwich  11. chicken noodle soup  12. chicken tenders  13. strawberry cheesecake  14. berry parfait  15. Spanish omelet  16. ham & Egg sandwich (I don?t eat ham, so I use turkey)  17. Turkey bacon melt (this is simply delicious and easy!!!)18. eggs Florentine  19. turkey sandwich  20. chicken Caesar  21. chicken pita pizza  22. cilantro burrito  23. chicken quesadillas  24. mile high baked potato  25. turkey burgers  26. BBQ chicken pita pizza (I love this pizza, healthy and very tasty!!!!)      As you can see my list is long, and I just love this book. You can find something different to eat daily if you plan, and shop for everything you need.     I?ve noticed some people complain that the recipes are bland. I have not tested any of the dessert recipes mainly because I eat fruit when I want something sweet. But for a lot of the meals I use my own special touches by adding spices to snazzy up my recipes. You can do some amazing things with basil, oregano, and other spices. For instance I added more pepper to the spread used for the BLT wrap, and it came out excellent! This is a great addition if you are following the Body 4 life fitness plan, but at a loss of meals to eat. This book has a lot of variety, so if you try something new you will never run out of meal ideas.        