 This is not a bad book, but this book was not for me.  I enjoy hip hop, but it's not a huge part of my life, so while reading this book I found I could not really relate to the characters or the subject matter.    Reading about G Double G made me think "Suge Knight."  His character was probably a mix of different males in the Hip Hop industry.  The way the women were objectified in this book, it's no wonder you still have women who want to be involved in hip hop in any shape or form.  The use of the N word also disturbed me a great deal.  I would cringe every time I saw the word printed.  Despite disliking seeing the word, I understood why Black Aretmis used the word in the book.  I don't approve of the word and never will.  I don't care how much hip hop has tried to make the word "okay to use."    The book is about two friends who have a big love for hip hop.  Leila wants to be the first Latina female to make it big in an industry dominated buy males.  Cassie also wants to be a big name in hip hop, and the two initially form a female duo called Sabrina Steelo and Fatal Beauty.  Cassie stabs Leila in the back and signs with Explicit content.  Not only does she sign with Explicit content, she takes all the money out of their account, leaving Leila with nothing.  Cassie tries to figure out what she will do next after Leila's deception.  Cassie ends up signing with Explicit Content as a solo act, but the longer she is with the label the more she finds out some deceptive shady, underhanded things about being in the industry.  Cassie figures out that Explicit Content is not only a record label, but the label is used for some shady business dealings as well.  Leila is in trouble and Cassie is trying to figure out how to help her old friend without messing up her own career.    This book will really wake you up to some aspects of the Hip Hop industry, and you will realize it's not quite as glamorous as people make it seem.  This industry can rob you of your soul if you let it.  Hip hop is not just about the music, and the glitz or glamour.  It's about drugs, violence, and the women who become victims of Hip Hops web.  There was one line in the book that really grabbed me.  When you are done reading this book, you will feel for Cassie and Lelia, and other characters will make your blood boil.    This was an interesting book.       