 I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed the live-action version of Scooby Doo.  No matter how many of the movies they try to make (Let's hope they stop at 2), the cartoon will always be the best!!!   Being a fan of the cartoon I was not sure I would enjoy the movie.  The movie stars Freddie Prinze Jr. as Fred, Sarah Michelle Geller as Daphne, Matthew Lillard as Shaggy, and Linda Cardellini as Velma.  I have to say I do not like Freddie Prinze as Fred.  Freddie Prinze is a horrible, horrible, horrible Fred.  Matthew Lillard is perfect as Shaggy.  The action in the film starts right away which I like.    The Mystery Inc. group break up after arguing over who should take credit for solving a case.  Velma is tired of Fred taking the credit, and quits.  Fred and Daphne follow suit, leaving Shaggy and Scooby Doo on their own.  A year later the gang end up coming back together when a mysterious theme park owner's beckons for their help.  There are strange things taking place and he wants their help to find the menace that seems to be taking over his young customers.  Their fee for solving the case will be $10,000 and all you can eat.  When they arrive at the park, they find some zombie like teenagers boarding a boat. Turns out a spell is cast on the island. Each member tries to solve the crime on their own, but they find they have no choice but to come together and solve the mystery as a team.    Shaggy meets the girl of his dreams named Mary Jane (get it?)  who also likes to eat Scooby snacks.  Matthew Lillard really played his part well.  He looked like Shaggy, and he sounded exactly like Shaggy from the cartoon.  He was cast perfectly!!!    Daphne pulls out her "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" moves in the film. I don't recall the cartoon Daphne fighting like that at all.    To the reviewer who said "filmmakers should keep women in mind when they make comedies.  Women do not find flatulence the least bit funny" please speak for yourself!!!!  You cannot speak for all women in general.  As a woman I actually find that type of thing pretty funny.  Then again I have a crazy sense of humor.    The park owner is Mr. Emile Montevarioous played by Rowan Atkins (Mr. Bean Rat Race).  There are some neat cameo appearances that add to the fun in this film.  Miguel A. Nunez Jr. (Thin Line between Love and Hate, Life) also stars in the film.   There were moments during the film I laughed a whole lot.  Scooby and Shaggy have a major belching, and farting contest.  I found that to be quite hilarious.  The ending to me was a surprise in terms of who he villain was.  Totally unexpected.    I thought the movie was fun, and it's one I would consider watching again.  As a Scooby cartoon fan, I was satisfied with the film.      