 Masquerade is my second favorite BET movie after Fire and Ice.  I watch this one at least once a month also!!!  Joi quits her job when she is passed over for a promotion.  She arrives home early to find her boyfriend in bed with another man.  "A man who left in an incubator would have been a woman."  Joie packs her bags and moved to California to start life over.  She moves in with her friend Monica.  While job hunting on the internet she decides to go into a Black chat room, and has a nice discussion with a man who likes jazz just like she does.  She thinks they will never meet and she decides to say she looks like Monica.  Monica is beautiful, but she is materialistic.  Monica wants to be with a man that has some serious money.  Joi goes to her mothers company and gets a job.  Joi says her mother is the queen of bougie black America.  When Joi let's her mother know she and her boyfriend break up, mom comments "I always thought he was gay."  The expression on Joi's face is priceless.   Joie meets her new boss, not knowing it's her cyberman, and they are not getting off on the right foot.  Joie finds herself doing research for a moody boss.  Joi is supposed to finally meet Miles, but she has to work late.  Monica meets Miles instead, and this is where the confusion begins.  Miles assumes this is the woman he is supposed to meet, and he is smitten with her beauty.  She hates jazz, and knows nothing about art. She knows her sports though.  "You're like Bob Costas with a nice set of ummm, teeth", Miles says to Monica after she rattles off some sports statistics.    When Miles, Joi, and Monica end up at an event at the same time Joi wishes the floor would open up and swallow her.  Otis a friend of theirs comments "I think the bomb just blew up in your face girl."  Joi can't believe her boss and Miles are the same man.  Monica and Miles get close, and it drives Joi insane.  Despite his attitude as her boss, she really likes him, but can't do anything about it.  Marcus (Miles) offers to take Joi out to lunch so he can get the 411 on Monica.  Joie reveals her dream to start a black fitness magazine to Marcus, and he think he can help her with her plan.    Monica reveals that the only reason she is with Marcus is because of his money.  To complicate things further, an old beau decides to show up, and now she is two timing.  She is dating Marcus and Chris at the same time.    There is a hilarious scene where Monica is making love to Marcus, and Joi hearing everything is tossing and turning trying to get some sleep.  Joi hates how Monica is treating Marcus and they end up having a major argument.  Joi moves in with Otis.   Eventually Marcus finds out about Monica's two timing and he seeks comfort by going to visit Joi.  Marcus sees in Joi in a different light, and they finally hook up.  Things are going along just nicely until he finds all the emails he thought were from Monica on Joi's computer.  He is upset he got played and gets his revenge.  He sets the women up leaving them with the dinner tab.  Joi's is not successful at apologizing and decides to leave for NY to start her magazine.    Marcus stops her just in the nick of time and tells her he can't live without her.  This movie will make you laugh and really touch your heart.  I liked how Cress Williams (Marcus/Miles) showed his vulnerability when he would think about his late father.    At the time this movie was made Cress Williams(Living Single) and Simbi Khali(Third Rock from the Sun) were a real couple.  Not sure if they are still married.  If you enjoy good romantic comedies, then you will enjoy this movie over and over again.  This film has a wonderful cast which also includes the beautiful Kellita Smith (The Bernie Mac Show, Kings Ransom) as Monica, and Leonard Roberts (Love Jones, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and Drumline) as Otis.  Anna Maria Horsford round out the cast as Joi's mother.     I would watch this movie everytime it came on BET, and bought my own copy when it became available for purchase.  This is a movie you have to own.  You won't regret the purchase.       