 I want to know if the reviewers who gave this movie a 3,4,5 rating saw the same movie I did.  This movie does not deserve a rating above zero, but being that it has to be rated anything above a 1 is too much!!!   There is nothing in this movie that is good at all.  House of the Dead is actually a Sega video game, that was made into a movie.  Just watch the game while you play it, trust me it's better then this cinematic piece of garbage.  House of the Dead starts off with some young adults trying to go to an island where a wild rave is.  What they don't know is the rave has suddenly been taken over by some relentless zombie.  The party goers are warned that they should not go to the island, but they flash $1,000 bucks and the captain is willing to take them.  During the party scene you get to see some scantily clad women, and a topless woman that has nothing to do with the plot at all.  Just some senseless eye candy for the fellas.  When the young group arrive to the Rave they wonder if they missed the party and go in searching to see if they can find anyone.    The action is somewhat okay, but the lines are so corny all I could do is groan.  "Who said size does not matter" as the captain hold his weapon of choice.  "Mine is bigger", officer bad actress would retort.  I told you corny lines!!! When Howard's character is trying to give one of the female characters a cross for protection her line is "It's all right I'm on the pill" pathetic!!!!    Mixed in the story line is something weak about a slave ship.  There is this guy who wants to live forever.  He created some kind of formula for that purpose, but the downside is you will be a stupid, kung-fu fighting, quick moving zombie.    When I watch a horror movie I want to see the gore, and the action behind the killings.  Folks are dying in this film but you don't see it.  This movie is not scary, its not entertaining, it's not thrilling.  The acting is terrible, the lines are corny, and the plot is simply pathetic.  Why did some of the zombies not look like zombies?  The make up team must have ran out of make up.  How is it that Kirk lights a cigarette in his boat, it's raining, then in the next shot it' not raining, and then it' raining again the shot after that? Did the rain machine malfunction?  The police woman tells Greg to come with her to hunt for zombies, and when the zombies appear she tells Greg to run.  Why hunt them if you are going to run?  Stupid, stupid, and more stupid.  I actually liked the swimming zombies.  In the actual game the zombies do swim.  One thing that was very annoying were the scenes where the actual game was included.  It was stupid, and it took away from watching the movie.  Not that it really mattered being the whole movie was so lousy anyway.    If you want to watch a good zombie movies please rent one of the following: Night of the Living Dead Dawn of the Dead Return of the Living Dead 1, 2, 3 Resident Evil   If you wan to see a good video game turned into a movie watch Mortal Kombat and Mortal Kombat 2.    Don't buy this movie, don't rent this movie.  This is one time where you see a lot of bad reviews that you should actually take heed. PLEASE DON'T WATCH THIS SORRY FILM!!!  The only horror about this film is watching it in its entirety.  I feel bad for anyone who spent money to add this sorry movie to their DVD collection.        