 Tonya was being raised by a single mother who did not seem to like her.  She looked too much like the father who broke her heart.  Tonya is being raised in the toughest part of North Philly known as Badlands.  Plagued by poverty, drugs and violence.  The story opens with her mother giving Tonya a harsh, harsh beating for having a hickey on her neck.  The beating was very disturbing to read.  Vernonica did not want her child to follow in her footsteps.  Ending up pregnant, and alone.  Vernonica had a live-in boyfriend who managed to stop the beating.  Pete is a drunk who decides to take advantage of Tonya while she was vulnerable.  He gives her some PCP, that she thinks is weed, and he rapes her.  When her mother Vernonica comes home she starts beats on Tonya again for sleeping with her man.  Tonya comes home one night to find her mother gone.  She just up and left her own child.  Tonya has no where to go, not even other family members.  Veronica has told other family members that Tonya will go after their men, and they won't risk her staying with them.  The few times she has been able to stay with family the male family members tried to molest her.  So she finds herself on her own trying to figure out how she will survive the badlands.   She ends up selling her body for a meal and places to lay her head.  One guy actually feels sorry for her and hooks Tonya up with his stripper cousin Katrina.  Tonya knew stripping was wrong, but she was desperate.  Her body which is considered a burden will be her money maker.  Katrina (Kat) is an opportunist.  Any opportunity to take advantage of someone, and get that money she will do.  She does not care who she hurts as long as she sees as much money as possible.  When Kat brings Tonya home, Kat's born again sister named Jackie tries to talk to them about finding something else for Tonya to do, but Kat tells Jackie to go home and mind her business.   Living with Kat is Gloria (Goldie). Goldie is a tormented soul.  She hates stripping, but does not know anything else.  She is a spiritual woman, who is haunted with the memory of her mother dying in a horrible explosion.  She feels bad about betraying her mother for a man who did not really love her like she thought.  She moves in with her thug boyfriend and he becomes abusive.  Causing Gloria (Goldie) to lose her unborn child.  She leaves him, and is "discovered" by Kat.  Tonya will use the performance name of Tender.  Her first night at Wild Things is an eye opening experience, but she makes a lot of money.  Tonya wants to make enough money to eventually open beauty salon of her own and get out of the game.  If Kat has anything to do with it, Tender will be her money maker without even knowing it.   Kat was simply horrible.  I did not like her character at all.  She was a pimpette.  Kat's motto was "Better to be the user than to be used."  I had not read the reviews for this book wanting to form my own opinion.  I could not help but think Player's Club while reading this book.  Kat reminded me of Ronnie.  Kat was all talk and no action, and I was too happy when Tender gave Kat the major beat down she did.  I felt terrible for Goldie.  Kat pretty much fed her to the wolves in NY, and the girl Goldie took up with in NY seemed just as bad as Kat.     "Desperation breeds a lot of things in the street." That is a true sentence because it seemed everyone was desperate for something in this book.  Goldie was desperate for forgiveness, and redemption.  Tender for love, and Kat, desperate for that money, and willing to hurt anyone to get it!!!  She was a greedy woman!!!  I don't understand why Goldie and Tender did not get their own place.  They got along so well, they could have gotten a place together, getting away from Kat.  I was so angry how Tender would easily believe Kat about money situations and would hand over all that money or let her "hold" her money.  Tender showed how gullible she could be at times.  Kat pimped Tender and Goldie hard while they were in Miami.  She was collecting the money, and Tender and Goldie did all the work.    The book was gritty and very much urban.  This is the first book I've read by Shannon Holmes. The way these characters spoke was annoying after a while.  I also had a hard time believing they could go on a shopping spree and only spend $2,000 for 8 designer suits.  Not the name brands they were speaking of.  I'm also upset that Pete got away with what he did.  I wanted to see him get his!!!    This book did help me see the whole stripper game in a different light.  Maybe some of the young ladies will read this book, and not think it's so glamorous.  This was a good read, but it's not one I would want to own.  I could not see myself reading this novel over and over again.       