 Maxi and Mya were the best of friends, but a huge miscommunication lead the best friends to drift apart.  Mya is married, and Maxie is getting over the heartbreak of losing the one man she truly loved, and having to deal with a serious health situation.  Maxi has some important decisions to make.  10 year class reunion is approaching.  Maxie is hoping to use the cruise to help her sort out her thoughts, and Mya is hoping to rebuild her friendship with Maxi.    While on the cruise Maxie finds out she is rooming with of all people Christopher Chandler.  Because Maxi and Christopher have the same last name, it was assumed they are a married couple.  They agree to room together until other arrangements can be made.  Maxi remembers how Christopher was the tough guy at school, but she also remembered how smart he was.  Christopher remembers how Maxi was always kind to him.  Looks like this cruise could stir up some romantic feeling between two old friends.    Mya has this wonderful opportunity to advance her career, but her husband wants her to stay at home raise the children, and take care of the home and him.  Garrett plays professional ballplayer and old fashioned.  Mya loves her job, and does not want to give it up.  Mya has to make a choice and the choice she makes could have her losing her job, or her family.    Christopher has made something of himself, and he held in his feelings about his feelings for Maxi.  He has always loved Maxie, but was not sure how Maxi felt about him, and felt he had nothing to offer her.  His life was so bad in Savannah, GA that he leaves vowing to never return.  When Christopher finds out that Maxie had the same feelings for him, he is elated.  He is also concerned when he finds out about Maxie's desire to have a child, and he agrees to help her make her dream of becoming a mother come true.    Timing was a major topic in this book.  Hence the title Perfect Timing.  Seems things always happened at the wrong times.  Mya got a wonderful job opportunity just when she is trying to keep her marriage together.  In addition she feels her husband is cheating on her with a cheerleader.  Maxie finds out about her health situation and has to decide if she could have a child right away.   What I always enjoy about Brenda Jackson is she makes the characters interesting, and you feel like you can relate to the characters.  As they go through their emotions, you are right there with them experiencing the same emotions.    I thought the secret Mya held from Maxie was a lot more worse than it was.  I thought Mya and Garrett's story was okay, but I really enjoyed Christopher and Maxie's story.  I would love to see a sequel for this book.  I always enjoy Brenda Jackson's books.  She is such an awesome writer.       