 I've been a fan of Teena for years, and to me there was a musical void with her not putting out new material.  I was very excited when I heard she was working on new material.  When I heard she signed with Cash Money I got concerned!!!  Sometimes the merging of Hip-Hop and R&B does NOT always work, and I did not want Teena to lose her flavor.  I wanted Teena to sound like Teena but I knew she would update her sound somewhat.  Well turned out I did not have to be all that concerned.  This album is PHENOMENAL!!!  You will put this CD in your player and just play it and keep playing it.  You can put this CD in your car, and put it on shuffle and not get sick of hearing the songs.  This is the type of CD you will play from cut one, to the last cut.  I actually enjoy ALL the cuts on the album.  This album is full of ballads and mid-temp songs.  She does not have that dance/really upbeat cut on the album, but you really don't miss it!!  The cuts that have become my absolute favorites are the following: Honey call - This is my JAM.  I end up letting this song repeat a few times.  The song is mid-temp and just simply soulful and fly.  Rose by another name - wonderful, collaboration with Gerald Levert.  Off the chain - The rap is nice, and I'm glad it did not mess up the flow of the song.  Recycle love to hate - nice song with a nice message I also like the Reggae vibe the song has.   High Yellow Girl - this song is special being we get to hear her daughter Alia showcase her skills.   The Mackin' Game - with MC Lyte and Medusa - I'm also an MC Lyte fan so I love this song.  Nice collaboration, and again the rap does not mess up the flow of the song.  Off the Chain - the rap did not overshadow Teena and it blended quite well.   The album in my opinion is the perfect blend of Soul, R&B, Blues and Hip Hop.  Teena sounds wonderful and has not lost her flavor at all.  You can tell that Teena did not let folks take over her project, and turn it into an R&B/Hip Hop merged mess.  Teena's voice really shines through when she sings her ballads or her Jazzy tunes.  She manages to update her sound, but it's still Teena.  Teena please don't make us wait too long for your next release!!!     