 Even though Lady Saw has not released her own album in 6 years, she has been on other projects to make sure we do not forget the Queen of Dancehall.  Finally she is back, and Lady Saw is hot, hot, hot, hot!!!  I had never heard of Lady Saw until I happen to catch a video she was in with Beenie Man, and Sean Paul performing a song called Boss Man.  I paid even more attention when she did the song Underneath it all with No Doubt.  I knew I would like her after I bought her best of compilation, so when I heard about the release of Striptease I rushed to get my copy.  If you are a Lady Saw fan you must have this album in your collection.  Lady wrote (or co-wrote) all but one song, and she is also Executive Producer of the album.  1. Intro 2. I've got your man 3. Man is the least 4. Do me better 5. Move your body featuring Voicemail 6. Striptease 7. Coming Over 8. Cocky Liquor (skit) 9. Pretty Pu$$y 10. Loser featuring Cecile 11. Lock it up 12. Just Being Me 13. Best Pum Pum 14. Been So Long 15. Dreaming of you 16. Thug Loving 17. Good Love Featuring Sizzla 18. Messed up 19. My Dreamz 20. Dedicated to Mama  While singing the song Move Your body Lady Saw boasts "Beyonce ain't got nothing on me,  Madonanna ain't got nothing on me,  Britney Spears ain't got nothing on me,  and Christina Aguilera can't shake it like me."    Just Being me she says "Just want to be me, I don't need your negativity."  The skit Cocky Liquor is quite funny.    I actually enjoy all the songs on this album, but my favorite songs are the following:  2.  I've got your man 3.  Man is the least 4.  Do Me Better (one of my workout jams) 5.  Move Your body Featuring Voicemail (one of my workout jams) 6.  Strip Tease (one of my workout jams) 7.  Coming Over (one of my workout jams) 9.  Pretty Pu$$sy 10. Loser Featuring Cecile 11. Lock it up (one of my workout jams) 13. Best Pum Pum   She has plenty of songs that will make you get up and shake your hips, and whine to the beat.  The song Dedicated to mama is so touching.  She sings about her mother with pride, and you can feel how much she misses and appreciated her mother.  My Dreamz is another good song.  I feel this is a great album, one that will be in heavy rotation on my CD player at home and in my car.  I hope she does not keep us waiting 6 more years before she releases another album.  This sista is tight!!!       