 Lil Jon is no rapper, but some of the beats will get you hype.  I did not know who Lil Jon was until I moved to the ATL.  In New York, you were not always exposed to the Southern Artist (Outcast was the only Southern Group I knew about).  That may have changed since I relocated to the ATL 5 years ago.   Lil Jon and the Eastside boys are NOT RAPPERS nor do they claim to be.  They are glorified hype men.    Lil Jon is the King of Crunk, and for those that don't know what the term Crunk means here it is: To get Crunk means to get crazy, maybe get drunk, hype, to be overly energetic.  So if you keep being Crunk in the proper perspective you can pretty much say that Lil Jon has accomplished being Crunk with his rowdy, out of control partying and having fun lyrics.  That's what Lil Jon and the East Side Boys are about.  Many of the songs you can't help but bob your head because the beats are so addictive.  Who truly cares what they are talking about (which is nothing really), but the music is bumping!!!!  So what he is yelling, see him live and you will yell OOOOOOOOKAYYYYYY right along with him.  They don't really talk about anything but getting drunk, partying, and women dancing in the strip clubs.  So if you are expecting anything deep, then you are going to be disappointed.  But if you are looking for some decent party music, then Lil Jon is your man.    Honestly I think Lil Jon should stay away from slow jams or downbeat songs and stick with the rowdy party music.  That's when I like the music the best.  Comes in handy when I'm at the gym.   Crunk Juice has enough rowdy songs to keep Lil Jon fans happy.  I found the interludes funny especially the ones with Chris Rock on them.  Fans of Go Go Music will probably enjoy track #14- Awww Skeet Skeet.    Just take this album for what it's meant to be an album for partying, with the exception of the few slow jams or downbeat songs he has on his CD which I stated before, he needs to stay away from.    My Favorite Cuts from Crunk Juice: 2.  Get Crunk 3.  What you Gonna Do 4.  Real N Roll Call 10.  Don't f with me 16.  In Da clu 19.  Stick that thang out  If you bought the CD that includes the bonus CD: 2.  What you Gonna Do Jamaica Remix Feat. Elephant Man and Lady Saw (Love this remix!!!!) 4. Lean Back (remix) 7. Gasolina DJ Buddah Remix (really nice cut)      