 Divas Inc. takes a comedic look at Margaret Drew.  Margaret Drew is the third, unpopular, and rather plain wheel to Divas Tiffiany and Chantel.  Tiffany and Chantel's motto in life is "Don't you want to be me?"  Tiffany and Chantel are so stuck up that when they all attended Columbia University, anyone who attended on scholarship were poor.  She has known them forever, but she wishes her life was more like their life.  Money, great places to live, men, awesome clothing and popularity.  Margaret thinks she will finally get her chance when Tiffany and Chantel decide to go on a 6 week jaunt to Europe leaving Maragret behind to watch their homes.  That's when the real adventure begins.  Margaret has learned early in her life to pretend to be what she wasn't, and she decides to expand on that by wearing Chantel's and Tiffany's outfits, driving Tiffany's Jag, and dating their men.  She is still upset that she was not invited to go on the trip with them.    Margaret has lunch with her friend and coworker Larry everyday.  She embellished what Larry did for her company, and the scene when Chantel and Tiffany meet Larry is quite funny.  When Maggie first goes to check on Tiffany's dog and home she meets Chiropracter Wayne Hathaway.  Wayne's character was not expanded enough about me.  All I got from reading the book is that he is nosey, but he was very kind to Margaret's Grandmother.  Margaret finds out that Tiffany does not cook, she is the take out food Queen.  Margaret starts her Diva training after opening a package that was delivered by an old high school friend, named Willie.  In addition to Willie working for Federal Express, he is also a career thief.      When Margaret would stick her nose in the air, Wayne would think Margaret is having a back spasm and adjust her.  That was so hilarious to me.  Margaret is placed in charge after her boss Mr. Fields has a heart attack.  Margaret learns being in charge has it's pitfalls, and one of those pitfalls is her friendship with Larry.  Margaret will stop at nothing to be a Diva, so she watches the videos, reads the books, registers to attend a major event to meet the Grand Diva and reads Chantel's diary.    There is one line I really liked in the book.  "Men.  They're just like buses.  For hours you don't see one and then they come in bunches. "  Margaret starts eves dropping in the ladies room to overhear what people are saying about her.  Margaret goes out with both James and Calvin and develops feelings for both men, and they develop feelings for her.    The scene where Maggie meets cleaning lady Cybils is hilarious.  Especially being the dog hid under the love seat and would not come out until Sybil left.    Margarets Grandmother had so much wisdom, even though she acted a little off at times.  I would not mind a book that focuses on Grandma and Margaret's mother, because you really did not get much information on her.  I know the story was Margaret's, but it would have been nice to get some background on their characters as well.  By the end of the book Margaret is in so much trouble she has no choice but to face the music.    Margaret goes to the Diva soiree, but taking Willie as her date proved detrimental.  He decided to rob every one of their jewels and wallets.  Margaret does not get to meet the Grand Diva, but turns out she knew the Grand Diva all along.   When Willie and Margaret try to return to Tiffany's house, they find Tiffany arriving home early.  Margaret knows she is in trouble now, not only has she ruined Chanetel's dress, but Tiffany's house is a mess.   Maggie thought she was invisible and insignificant, but turns out she had everything she needed to be a Diva inside her all along.  I really liked when Margaret's Grandmother said the following:  "You think you want what someone else has until you actually have it.  Then you realize it's not all that you thought it was."  This book was a lot of fun to read, and Grandma had a lot of wisdom to share.   The only question that did not get answered was how could Margaret's mother just up and quit her job?   This book is so different from other books Donna Hill has written.  The comedic spin took me by surprise, but was very welcome.  I often found myself laughing out loud and having to wipe my eyes with tissue from all the crying I did while laughing.  This is a book that is worth reading.  Just be prepared to laugh and shake your head in amazement over Margaret's antics.    The Diva test at the end of the book is fun to take.       