 I watch this DVD at least once a month.  I enjoy it that much.  Holly's (Lark Voorhies, Saved by the Bell) father (Glynn Turman, A Different World) is running for Senate and she is trying to keep scandal out of her life so it does not bring negative press to her fathers campaign.  Holly finds out her boyfriend Trey has been arrested and had drugs on him.  She also finds out he married another woman.  She is devastated and decides to throw herself into her work swearing off men.  Holly and her business partner Pam (Tempest Bledsoe, The Cosby Show) are hoping to expand their business with a deal that will open a Tampa office.  Holly arrives at work one Saturday and finds out she has to deal with a difficult client.  Holly and assistant Wanda go to Williams (Kadeem Hardison), and he yells and berates them for the problems he has incurred since having the alarm installed in his home.  Holly is not impressed with his belligerent behavior.  Holly finds out the specs of his house changed, which caused the alarm to go off.  Michael realizes he has to apologize, and he also sees meeting Holly as an opportunity to hopefully get Holly and her ex Trey on his talk show.  Michael manages to woo Wanda, but Holly is not trying to be seen with Michael.  She promised she would stay out of trouble.  Holly watches his talk show, and finds him to be funny, and charming.  Michael sends her a cute Teddy Bear, but she returns it.  On the show he says "Ladies, if a  man sends you a teddy bear or something like it don't send it back." His persistence pays off and they start to see each other.  Holly feels her resistance melt more and more and she finds herself falling for Michael and it feels good.    When Holly's brother Robert (Ron Reaco Lee Sister Sister, The Shield) finds out she is dating Michael Williams he says "Michael Williams changes women like he changes his socks."  Having dinner one night her family finds Holly with Michael and they end up having dinner together.  Michael is interrogated, and Holly's grandmother threatens him with bodily harm if he breaks her grandbabies heart.  There is a cute scene of Michael being scared of being on a Ferris wheel.  Michael is feeling guilty about booking Trey on the show and can't bring himself to tell her what he did, and he hopes he can fix it before it's too late.  Holly finds out that Trey was booked on the show and she is furious with Michael and decides she can't trust him with her heart and feelings.  Michael is remorseful and wants to marry Holly, but she is not trying to hear it.  Holly wants to confront Michael one more time about breaking her heart, but she hears his speech to the audience and realizes she can trust him.  This is around the time I always find myself holding my heart and reaching for my box of tissue.   Fire and Ice is a wonderful love story.  Michael is the Fire that has to melt the Ice around Holly's heart.  The movie is about learning to love again after being  burned.  This is a wonderful movie to have in your DVD collection.       