 This movie is not super great, but I actually enjoyed it.  The movie is written and directed by Pierre.  Pierre plays Dre who still lives at home with his mother, and he is waiting for his insurance claim check.  In a flashback it's shown he got into an accident checking out a woman.  Dre does not realize that a thief stashed some cash in his garbage while running away from the cops after robbing a bank.  A homeless guy finds the cash, Dre chases him away.  This movie had some interesting characters.  The overweight postal guy who opens folks mail.  The gay character that likes to say "click click" (I never understood why) and is nosey, nosey, nosey!!! He also dressed to impress!!  You have the 4 guys who do nothing but out on the street all day doing nothing.  Dre finally gets his check for $2,200.00 and he is happy.  Folks think he has $20,000 and he has people coming to him asking for money.  His best friends mother tries to seduce him so he can give her money, a pimp wants him to invest $10,000.  Dre says "you need to spend yo money, because I ain't go no money."  People think he is lying, but he is actually being honest about not having money.  Dre is really puzzled as to why people think he has this overflowing bank account.    His ex-girlfriend Tahsa accuses him of rape when he won't give her any money, and he ends up in jail.  One of the inmates is in a wheelchair arrested for jay walking.   Later he ends up at the free clinic in a scene that was hilarious!  Seems his ex girlfriend got around.  There is one character in the movie that plays a cop, and he is black but does not appreciate his race at all.  He talks bad about his people to the delight of his partner cop.  When Dre finally realizes the money was in his backyard there is a mad dash back to his house to collect the funds.  I don't want to give away the ending.   If you are familiar with Pierre's work, then you pretty much know the film is not going to win any awards.  Pierre had fun with this movie, and I actually enjoyed watching it.  The movie is worth a rental or two.       