 This book has three different stories about what happens when people win the lottery, how it changes, and affects their lives.  The three stories all had their unique flavor which I liked.  The three stories are: EASY STREET-La Jill Hunt & Carl Weber GHETTO FABULOUS- Angela  ONE NIGHT SIX DREAMS- Dwayne S. Joseph In "Easy Street" by Carl Weber and La Jill Hunt, when word gets out that Paul's won the lottery, his struggling neighbors scheme to get their share.  Even beautiful, but cold Kerri warms up to him; but she could make him a loser.  In Angel Hunter's "Ghetto Fabulous," Isis has beaten her drug habit and is going to school while caring for her three kids by three different men. When she hits the lottery, she realizes her new man's a keeper, but her first baby's daddy is nothing but trouble.... In Dwayne S. Joseph's "One Night, Six Dreams," DeVante's supposed to split his lotto winnings with five co-workers, including his girlfriend, but greed forces him to make a run for it. He won't get far.  With the three stories you get plenty of drama, lies, deceit and did I mention drama!!!  It's amazing how the sound of a big amount of money can make people lose their minds, and put their hands out like they deserve the money.  In some cases you have people who will resort to blackmail, and others that resort to murder for the money!!  Reading this book makes you think of the song by the late Biggie Smalls "More Money More Problems!!!!" After reading this book I would read books by La Jill Hunt and Angel Hunter.  Not too sure if I would read another book by Dwayne . Hunter.  One night and six dreams was shocking and wild, but I just did not enjoy the story as much as I enjoyed the other two stories.   The character that really stuck out was Kerrie in Easy Street.  She had the nerve to have champagne taste on a Kool-Aid budget!!  She asked Paul to bring one bottle each of Dom Perignon and Moet.  When Paul found out it would cost him a total of $167.28 for both bottles he exchanged them for six bottles of Andes at a cost of $10.98 each.  You can't be upset at a brother who wants to save himself $101.40.  When Kerrie discovered how cheap he was she got all upset.  How can a woman who can't pay her rent get mad about getting some $11.00 champagne?  Had the nerve to say he could not live up to her standards!!  Ha!!!  Sad thing is there are women who really act this way.  The book is good, I just did not enjoy the third story, which is why I'm giving this book a rating of 4.   6/25/2004 the Mega Millions jackpot is worth $177 million.  I'm going to play my dollar and I'm going to dream!!!     