 A widow sues a gun maker after her husband was murdered at the office by an ex-coworker.  Wendell Rhor (Dustin Huffman) is the attorney who will be the widows lawyer.  Nick Easter is having to appear for jury duty.  Once on he tries to influence the other jury members to vote a certain way.  Easter's girlfriend Marlee tries to swindle the attorneys to pay millions of dollars to have the jury return a verdict to their liking.  This movie will have you thinking one way, but by the end you will realize you were wrong.    I never read the book, and perhaps this is why I really enjoyed the movie so much.  Unlike others who have read the book, I'm not aware of the changes.  I thought this was an excellent film.  I thought the cast was excellent!!  Gene Hackman( who plays Fitch)  is the kind of man you love to see as a villain.  This is a really good, entertaining movie!!  I happen to enjoy movies that will make a point, even though it could be far fetched.  However, in light of the shootings at schools, and in offices, I'm sure that this is something someone considered doing.  I mean you have folks out there suing fast food restaurants because they are fat!!!  I mean this is the kind of world we live in if you think about.  Folks want to sue for just about anything.    When Juror #9 wanted to serve his jury duty I really liked that.  I liked how he let it be known despite his disability he wanted to do his civic duty.  He did not try to use his disability to get out of jury duty, but he could have easily done so.  I often wondered if there is a way to manipulate the jury.  I found the scenes where Fitch and his people knew everything about the jurors and would use some of the information they had against the jurors to scare them to be very interesting.  This movie has suspense, thrills, action and a touch of romance.  Orlando Jones had a very tiny role in the film.  Blink you might miss it.  This movie also stars Bill Nunn, Luis Guzman Nestor Serano,  and Jennifer Beals.  If you can get past the politics, this is an excellent, excellent film.  This is my favorite movie after A Time to Kill.       