 This collection of stories by Brenda Jackson, Cindi Louis Felicia Mason and Kayla Perrin.  I mainly bought this book because of Brenda Jackson who is my favorite author.    Strictly Business by Brenda Jackson finds Mitch Farrell wanting to get his ex wife Gina Grant Farrell back in his life.  They have been divorced for two years, but he has grown as a person and a man and sets out to prove this to Gina who is hesitant to let Mitch back in his life.  Gina is writing an article about Mitch, and trying very hard to put her feelings aside and focus on the job at hand.  Mitch is making that quite a challenge by romancing her at every turn.  We learn how Mitch's childhood affected his being in a relationship with Gina, and we also get a visit from the popular Madaris family.  I can't get enough of them!!  Can Mitch prove to Gina that he is not all about business, but has room in his life to truly love Gina the way she wants to be loved.  This is by far the best story in the book.   Catch me if you can by Cindi Louis this was my second favorite story.  Lonzell and Leesa were very much in love and had planned to be together forever.  Leesa is in college, and Lonzell is in the air force.  The two have not communicated since Lonzell left without saying goodbye.  Four years pass when a wedding happens in their Texas town they are reunited and Lonzell is in for a big surprise.  There is a good reason for the miscommunication between the two, and it involves a meddling mother who felt Leesa was not good enough for her son.  The story is about family, and finding lost love.  I enjoyed this story so much.    Promises and Vows by Felicia Mason find Elise and Jerome on the verge of divorce.  That is until his Aunt Josephine comes to town, and the two have to act like they are very much in love.  You can't fool an Aunt!!!  Aunt Josephine gets her friend Eliza Mae to work her special magic to get her nephew and niece in law to find that spark of love they think they have lost.  This was an okay story.    Kidnapped by Kayla Perrin Nia Copeland is about to get married when her ex-boyfriend jumps off his motorcycle and grabs her and puts her on his bike with wedding gown and all blowing in the wind.  Nia still has feelings for Jamal she thought she buried, and did not put up much of a fight.  Jamal wants to bring closure to the relationship, and Nia wants Jamal to leave her alone once and for all, but she gives him the time he wants to talk things over.  Nia realizes things are meant to be, but she also comes to term that to be happy she needs to not go off and marry the first guy that asks her for her hand.  I did not like this story, and it was my least favorite of the four stories.    The writing is erotic in some stories, and very touching.  The writers give you a look at how men feel with regards to relationships.       