 After Barbershop you knew a hair salon movie would follow. Nora is a beauty shop owner. She is the mamma to everyone who works, or does not work in her shop. She is also keeping a secret, and also suffering from heartbreak. Nora also has a hair care line that she is hoping to sell, but finds the formula is too strong. You have Ming the manicurist who is a smart talker "where you get your feet from Prison?" You have sexually confused Devon, and his flamboyant "boyfriend" Delicious. Chole (Tamala Jones)is the hair stylist who thinks she knows everything and does what she wants.     You have the Latina stylist by day and the stripper by night. Then you have Lily. Lily is a new stylist hoping she will belong to the "family", and dealing with a guy who is abusive to her. Lily is young, and she is naive. She has skills when it comes to doing hair, and great ideas that could help Nora. Bobby Brown also has a part in the film as Benny, he is the abusive guy who won't leave Lily alone.     This movie had moments that will make you chuckle. The movie pretty much showed the whole dynamic about the beauty shop being a place where women congregate, talk, and share the gossip. My favorite scene in the movie is when this woman has a relaxer on her head and it starts to burn and burn bad. She does what every woman has wanted to do in a shop. Totally freak out!!! Now that was the one scene that made ma laugh. Another scene that I found funny was when some guy was sent to get Lily and Nora punched him out, and then everyone in the salon made him look like a woman while he was out cold.     This movie is NOT the female Barbershop. It's no where in the same league. Lil Kim has a small part that is forgettable. (...) This movie was made with a small budget and it shows!! This movie rushed to beat Beauty Shop to the punch and in my opinion it failed miserably. Watching the making of the film was interesting. The movie is just okay, so do not get this with high expectations. You will be disappointed if you do.        