 I was pretty disappointed with this movie.  It was entertaining, but very contradictory.  You have Diane Keeton who plays Ericka a play write, who is pretty bitter about older men who seem to go for younger women.  Yet her own daughter who is in her early 30's is dating a man (Jack) who happens to be 63 years old!!  Harry is older, and is pretty commitment phobic, so he believes in dating and having fun.  Harry is also prone to lots of hospital visits due to his heart problems.  So Ericka's daughter decides to end her relationship with Harry because she spotted the chemistry between her mom and Harry.  Now knowing that Harry is such a commit phobe, you would think that Ericka would ignore Harry and enjoy the attention she is getting from Julian (Keanu's character) who is totally smitten with her.  No, she sleeps with Harry, it means a lot more to her, then it meant to him, and when he admits he only wants to be friends she spends a good deal of the movie crying.  Now the crying was okay the first few minutes, it was funny at first.  Then it got on my nerves !!!  Her heartbreak helps her complete her play she is writing, and Harry is the subject of her new play that becomes a hit.  Ericka's daughter is all upset her father is going to marry a woman who is only a few years older then her.  Do you see the irony?  Ericka goes to Paris, and Harry finally realizing he is in love with her goes to surprise her.  However, the surprise is on him when he realizes that Julian is with her.  The chemistry once again is evident, and Ericka goes after Harry.  I'm sorry, but Julian is so much cuter!!!!  I also have a feeling my age may have had something to do with why I did not enjoy this movie as much as I thought I would.  I'm 36 and the thought of dating someone 63 does not appeal to me.  If I were older, I would not be upset that men older prefer younger men. The other issue I had with the movie was this.  During the scene when Ericka and Harry was about to have sex, they mention birth control, but when she mentioned "menopause" all the sudden everything was GREAT.  Now I know this is a movie, but what about using a condom so you don't have to worry about the spread of STD's or HIV?  Sure she does not have to worry about pregnancy, but with Harry being so commitment phobic, I would be worried about getting HIV!!!!  So that part really disturbed me.  I would just go out with a younger man if he were attracted to me.  The movie was cute, the movie had some funny moments, but the movie was not all that great to me.     