 Eric Jerome Dickey - Cafe Piel Marcus Major - Kenya and Amir E. Lynn Harris - Money Can't buy me love Colin Channer - I'm still waiting  I saw the reviews for this book, and seeing so many who thought this book was worthy of a 4 or 5 rating, I thought I would enjoy this book.  I was very, very, very, very disappointed, and this book is not as great as a lot of the reviews state.  The only story I really enjoyed was Marcus Major's story.  This was the best story in the book.  I laughed a lot while reading this story, but this story felt real.  It's something I've been through.  I know exactly what Kenya's character was feeling "guard your heart".  Kenya is the type of woman who guarded her heart, and when she allowed herself to open up and allow Amir in, and when he hurt her she was ready (even though she loved him) to keep him out of her life.  Amir's mother is a wise, wise woman, and her suggestions to him really made Amir think.  Kenya and Amir is the only story out of the four I enjoyed.  The stories love scenes were great, I think it's really wonderful to read the male point of view regarding sexuality.  This story alone I give a 5 stars.    I did not like Eric Jerome Dickey's story at all.  The story is about Bobby who is a freelance photographer going in search of another man for thousands of dollars he is owed, and he ends up in Mexico.  While there he ends up falling for Alejandria, who for some reason is dating the very sleeze bag that Bobby is looking for.  The story is about forbidden love, but it was slow, and very, very dull.  This story was so slow paced and uninteresting, it took me 5 long days to read it.  This story lacked substance, and I had to really struggle to finish, and by the end of the story I almost put the book down.  The best part of the story was the end of the story.  I gave Eric's story 1 star.    The last story in this book is by Colin Channer and I just couldn't get in to this story. I really, really tried to give the story a chance, but I gave up and stopped reading the story.  I seriously doubt I will attempt to read a book by Mr. Channer in the future.  Being that you can't give zero ratings, I will be giving Mr. Channer a 1 rating.    E. Lynn Harris is an okay author.  I've read some of his work, but for me this was not a story I could relate to totally.  James is a man looking for a love all of his own, and one of his friends hooks him up with an escort of sorts, and he finds himself drawn to this man.  The story is about accepting a person for who he is, who he was, and who he will become.  However, the story did keep my interest, so I gave that story a 1 rating.    The average rating for this book will be a 2 being that three of the stories received a rating of 1 for me.  I will be donating my copy of this book to my local library.  This book is not worth keeping my collection for just one story. Even though it's a good story, this book is still not worth keeping.  I would not recommend this book to be purchased.  If you have a friend who owns this book or can get it from your local library I suggest borrowing this book.       