 I read this book quickly, and had to force myself to put it down at night so I could get some sleep.  This book is awesome, awesome, awesome!!!  Travis Hunter has this way of writing that makes you really feel the characters, you will like some, dislike others, and you may find yourself talking to the pages like I was.  There are some parts of this book that have touches of humor that will make you laugh out loud.    The story centers around three siblings.  Dallas the handsome single father getting over the heartbreak of losing the one woman he really loved.  He is a teacher, and gives his students the utmost attention, and is revered in his community.  When he decides to go back into the dating scene, one night of going out will turn into a life changing drama.  His sister Carmen is a physician married to a low life.  Problem is she is not aware of the problems her husband is brining to their life, and her world will be turned upside down when some information about her husband comes to light.  She will be forced to make one of the most difficult decisions in her life.   Priest is the oldest, and he is the bad seed of the family.  He is a former cop who is now doing exactly the very thing he was locking other people for.  Selling drugs. Even though Dallas and Carmen do not agree with Priest choices, he is the very person they will have to turn to when their life troubles come to light.    Kameka is one of the characters that had me talking to the pages.  She is a 16 year old who is not getting the love and attention from her mother, and she is making some choices that will have you screaming "Kameka nooooooooo".  I wanted to craw through the pages to slap Kameka's mother.  She was just sorry, sorry, and more sorry.  All she did was sleep. I had no idea why being she never did anything!!!  She did not have a job, so why was she so tired?  I guess waking up and getting out of bed every morning wore her out.    The way Bruce answered the phone "Who dis."  No home training, none!!!!  "Once I reached into my pocket and stopped cheating Gawd, I went from a Hyndai to a Cadillac."  After I read that all I could was laugh and shake my head.  I've heard that before!!!   "Sassy stood a full seven feet two inches tall. He weighed three hundred and fifty pound and he was proud to be homosexual."  I laughed too hard reading this description.    The book is so good I actually shed tears during one part.  I cried real tears.  When an author can make me react to the point I have to reach for tissue, then you have some good reading!!!  It's not often I will cry reading a book.  I highly recommend this book and his other book Trouble Man.  You will not be disappointed!!  I thought I enjoyed Carl Weber and Marcus Major, but Travis Hunter is fast becoming my favorite male author.          