 I really enjoy this movie, and as many times as I've watched it I never get tired of it.  The movie spoofs Scream, I Know what you did last summer, the Exorcist, and some of the action scenes from The Matrix.  The movie also spoofs the Blair Witch Project, and the Sixth Sense. The movie is hilarious and well cast.  The Wayans did a really good job with this film.  Shawn and Damon Wayans act in the movie.  While Keenan is the Director.  Anna Farris is hilarious as "virginal" Cindy.  Regina Hall plays Brenda.    There are so many hilarious moments in this film it's hard to choose just one favorite.  When the killer stabs Drew her breast implant come out is one such funny scene.  Making fun of Carmen being on Baywatch by having her run through the sprinklers is another funny scene.  Bobby lives in a trailer on the school grounds.  Is Ray Bi-sexual or Gay?   His behavior in the movie is very suspect.  Even his girlfriend Brenda is trying to figure him out.  The glory hole scene had me hollering.  I will admit I was initially shocked to see the scene, but once I got over the initial shock, I could not stop laughing.  Scary Movie has the typical over the top antics you come to expect from the Wayans.  When Brenda gets killed in the movie theater for being so obnoxious I was too happy, because who has not dealt with that one person in the theater that takes away from their film watching enjoyment because they talk too much?  When the killer gets stoned, and his mask changes expression that is quite funny.  When the killer is trying to hide from Cindy and she spots his feet, and he reacts by trying to hide somewhere else, I could not stop laughing.  The gym teacher (Ms. Mann get it?) is also quite funny!!!  The scene that really had me doubled over with laughter was the bedroom scene between Bobby and Cindy, when he breaks out some tool to trim her bush is hilarious.   I had to rewind some of the movie because I laughed so much I was missing scenes.  There are just too many scenes to laugh at to just pick one favorite scene.    Scary Movie is the best out of the three movies.  Scary Movie two is simply okay had some funny moments, but not nearly as many as Scary Movie.  Scary Movie three is the worst of the three.  The only thing preventing me from giving Scary Movie (5) five stars is the Wasssssssup scene.  By the time I saw the movie I was muting my TV whenever the commercial came used to come on, so that's the only scene in the movie I don't enjoy in the movie. If you are a fan of the Wayans, enjoy over the top comedy, then this is a movie you have to watch, and watch again.  This is a film that will be added to my growing DVD collection.  I've rented it so many times I need to go on a just own a copy.    I just saw a news story where Anna Farris has signed on for a 4th installment.  David Zucker is going to direct and filming starts in July.  Oh Joy.        