 Rich (Ray Sams Soul Food, CSI) is a wanna be rapper that works in a token booth, and while working he works on his rhymes. He is so determined to become a rapper, he abandons his lady and son to make his dream a reality.  When his wife (MCLyte) realizes he plans to leave she lets him know that if he leaves he is not to come back.  "A man knows that his actions lives on in his absence" and Rich is totally clueless as to what she means.  Rich has a cousin that is into the scene, and this cousin takes him around to help him gain exposure.  His cousin thinks Rich is stupid for leaving his family, but Rich is being stubborn, and does not want to see the error of his ways.    There is this one rapper who is hardcore, and very angry.  He calls himself I Tick.  When Rich and I team up they become an instant hit.  Rich is the lighter of two, dancing around, smiling, and I remain angry.  They call themselves the King and I.  There is another rapper named Rick who has this old white dude that is his DJ, he is so out of so out of place.    Rich's aunt digs into him about leaving his family also, "Your actions have consequences,"  she tells him.  All he can see is being on stage and getting famous.    There is one scene where The King and I rap at a sweet 16 party.  Maybe that would not have been so unusual except it's in a white neighborhood, so of course the audience can't relate to what they are rapping about.  When the mother of the birthday girl comments by saying "your songs are garbage (by the way I agreed, they really were),"  the artist are determined to justify why they say the things the way they do.  Their arguments don't hold water.  I also had a really hard time believing that a suburban white mother would even want to hire this act for her child's birthday party.    Rich and I have an opportunity to sign on with a label.  I is not with it and feels it's selling out.  Rich on the other hand thinks it will give them the exposure he wants.  Rich is finally realizing that I's attitude on life is wearing him down, and he tries to separate himself from I, but I is not trying to even hear it.  I will go to any length to make sure Rich does not go off on is own.    There is a scene after I Tick says "I don't see no violence just people that want to have a good time," violence breaks out in the club.  First you have a stabbing, and then shots are fired.  As people try to leave the club you have folks being trampled.  What really got me was there were some young kids in this place, and my question is why were they in there to begin with?  8, 9 and 10 year olds have no place in a club!!!   I never quite understood Mierna Tierny's role in the movie.  It was not fully developed in my opinion.  What was the deal with her roommate in the film?  His role just served no purpose.  Why was he working out in heels, pantyhose and a leather skirt?  The movie was really weak.  The film just gave the impression it was thrown together, the director hoped certain scenarios would fit, but they seemed out of place.  This is one movie I won't see again.       