 This movie is mind-blowing.  Great action, great special effects, great movie!!!  I've watched this film about 10 times so far.  I just need to stop renting it, and buy it already!!!  I enjoy this movie that much.  This movie grabs you from the beginning and you are hooked right up to the end of the film.  I mean how can you not be riveted to your seat during that explosive 360 degree turn scene?  No pun intended, but that scene is the bomb!!!   John Travolta plays Gabriel Shear who is determined to get his hands on 9.5 billion dollars to fight terrorism.  The problem is he lacks the skills to hack into the site holding the funds.  Enter Ginger.  Ginger is sent to find the best hacker in the business, and that hacker is Stanley (Hugh Jackman).  Stanley is trying to get his life in order, but the one thing he wants the most is custody of his daughter.  He does not have the money, and Ginger is determined to convince him that Gabriel is the answer to his prayers.  Stanleys daughter is living with her super drunk, porn acting mom played by (Drea De Matteo - Sopranos). If Stanley touches a computer, he stands to go back to jail. Stanley can't resist the lure of some big money, so he risks everything to the big pay day so he can get custody of his daughter (Camryn Grimes).    The beginning of the movie is so intense, I find myself rewinding that part of the movie so I can watch that explosive scene, over and over again.  That car scene is one of the best since the Rock, and the way Gabriel holds the guns!!!  All I can say is WOW !!!  What I really enjoyed about this movie are all the plot twists.  When you think you have it figured out, another twist is revealed.  This movie really keeps you guessing when you first watch it.    My second favorite scene is the bus scene.  When the bus is taken in the air all I could do was sit there with my mouth open.  That was very original.  I don't know why there was all that fuss about Halle's topless scene.  I counted; you only see her boobs for 6 seconds total!!!  SIX SECONDS!!!  Three seconds, then the camera pans away, and then another 3 seconds.  I'm sure for the guys that was all they needed. I felt that is nothing to make a big deal about.  I did like how Stanley was bumping into things after he got Ginger's car keys.  The movie offers alternate endings.  I liked the one they use for the film.    I highly recommend this film.  It's magnificent!      