 The best way to describe this movie is cute.  Alvin is a part-time pool cleaner who can fix cars and is not a part of the in crowd.  The nerd has a serious crush on Paris (recording artist Christina Millian) but knows he has no chance to get with the popular girl.  Not to mention Paris is dating NBA player Drew, despite the fact that he is playing her by cheating on her and claiming he is single on national TV.  Alvin is working on a project that can help him get a scholarship.  Paris crashes her Moms Escalade.  To fix the damage will cost $1,500.  Alvin has the money and he offers to pay for the parts needed if she will be his girlfriend to help him get popular.    Alvin's father (Steve Harvey) is stuck in the 70's.  He loved himself some Al Green, and the plastic covered furniture brought back some memories!!!  I never heard of a school having a popular hallway before.  That was very unusual to me.    Paris helps Alvin change his image buy changing his hair and helping him pick out new clothing.  "Urkel has gone gangster", when his younger sister seems him walk into the house all transformed.    Alvin is so into his new popular friends his old buddies feel left out and turn away from him.  Alvin enjoys being popular but to Paris being popular is nothing but work.  Paris finds herself liking Alving to her surprise.  She can talk to him, and he understands her wanting to have a "normal life" and he finds the fact that she can write poetry and play guitar interesting while her friends feel she should focus on eventually marrying her rich NBA playa boyfriend.   Turns out popularity comes with a price.  As different as Paris and Alvin were, turned out they were the same.  Trying to be something they were not.  You get that much from watching the film.    My one problem with the movie was the scene where father does the right of passage with the condoms.  Telling Alvin his main goal should be scratching the kitty kat really annoyed me.  On one hand I was glad he had the safe sex talk, but we all know if the tables had been turned and his daughter was about to go on a date he would have been installing "kitty kat" devices to keep the boys away!!!!  He did not need to be telling his son about motions in the ocean!!!    Aside of that I did enjoy the film. The nerdy guy gets the popular girl.  It's worth a watch.       