 I knew when the movie started that by the end I would not like this film. For starters you have to deal with 5 min of BS dialogue of the exterminator (Miguel Nunez) speaking to his woman, and talking major trash. Then turns out this exterminator is a crack head!!! When the exterminator tries to get away he is swarmed and killed. There is no evidence of his disappearance, seems these rats know how to dispose of the bones. Fast forward to Forrest Towers. A building kept in horrible condition by Mr. Souliez who could care less about the people. The folks he hired to make sure building was kept in proper order did not do that, and he "acts" like he is not aware of it. He is ordered to live in his own building, and fix everything. Grady (Ice-T) his right hand man, pretty much goes around collecting rent, and is rather comical. But not in a good way.     Max(Isaiah Washington) lived in the building with his wheel-chair bound brother Courtney (Guy Torry). Grady charges them $50 a month to live in a rat infested basement. Max is a kind hearted person, and he is in love with Lena. Lena is having problems with her boyfriend, and is not aware she is the object of Max's desires. Max also befriends a rat. This rat seems to be the "leader" of the other rats. Mr. Souliez comes up with the brilliant idea of gating, and locking down the premises by sun down. Anyone not on the property will be locked out no exceptions. This causes Courtney to be locked out of the building, and when he tries to find another way in, he has an accident. When Max finds out what happens he wants nothing but revenge for his brother, and revenge he gets. Except when the rats go after Lena, Max realizes his idea was not such a good one.     This movie was just stupid. It was stupid movie, that was NOT scary, and it had a stupid, stupid, ending. This movie was horrible, and why Isaiah Washington even bothered to star in this pathetic film is a mystery that may never be solved. Lena's character upset me to know end. She played the stupid weak woman who took the no good boyfriend back. When the boyfriend sweet talked her, and said all the nonsense she wanted to hear, he was back in her home, and life. DUMB!!! Don't rent it, don't watch it on TV, and don't even borrow it from your local library. Just leave this horrible movie on the library shelf. Don't even watch this movie on a slow night!!! Don't bother. This movie was simply horrendous. I wish I could give this movie a zero rating, but I have no choice but to give this low budget piece of trash a rating of 1. The real HORROR is the the wasted time you waste watching this sorry movie!!!!        