 The main reason I picked up this book was because three of my favorite authors were in it.  Rochelle Alers, Donna Hill and Brenda Jackson.  Having these three authors in one book is such a delightful treat.  Living Large is a collection of four short stories about full figured women who not only exemplify sexiness, but these sisters are intelligent and very loving.    Reunion - Rochelle Alers (Rating of 5)   Reunion finds Elaine Jackson Stewart meeting up with an old friend, Reuben Whitfield.  Reuben was the school nerd nick named "The Scientist" who grew up to be a very handsome successful dentist.  A man who is sparking flames in Elaine she thought was long put out.  Reuben has always loved Elaine because she was always so nice to him.  Now that she is divorced from her college sweetheart he wants to let his old friend know how he feels and hopes she will open her heart to feel the same.    My favorite part of the story was when Dwight, Elaines ex wants to get back into Elaine's life.  When Elaine shows him what he will never get again all I could do was shout "You go girl!!!!"  Surprise - Donna Hill (Rating of 5)   Elizabeth  has returned from a two week spa trip to put the spark back in her marriage.  The surprise she has will change their lives forever and is very unexpected.  This story is really sweet.  The way her husband dots all over Elizabeth is wonderful, but at first I was very angry at his initial response.  When I thought about it I had to realize that it was a shock, so his reaction is not too far fetched.  During the exchange between Elizabeth and her adopted daughter I had actual tears in my eyes.  It was also nice to see an older couple still living life to the fullest and so very much in love.  I hope when I'm in my 50's I'm that lucky to still be very much in love, minus the surprise of course.  This story was very sweet and very touching.    Brenda Jackson - Bare Essentials  (Rating of 5)   Brenda Jackson has yet to disappoint, and let me tell you this story is hot, hot, hot, and did I mention this story is hot!!  Judge Dominique catches the eye of la handsome lawyer.  Feelings she thought long gone have come back to turn her life into a tail spin, and she goes out of her way to avoid this handsome gentleman.  Jordan wants to see her again, and when he realizes she is a judge for a case he is looking into he sees that as his chance to approach her and let her know he is very interested in her.  The thing is he vowed never to get involve with someone he works in law, but he finds himself drawn to Dominique.    The love scenes in this story had me screaming "Order in the court!!!"  I would not mind having a personal training session like this one!!!  This story was very nice, and was very sensual.  When it comes to a Brenda Jackson story, you know it will be awesome.  Strictly Business - Francis Ray   (Rating of 2) Monica Jones works at her fathers firm, and just broke up with her untrusting boyfriend when she caught him with another woman.  Monica has decided no more business mixed with pleasure and is concentration on her career and her upcoming trip to Rome.  Enter Garret McKnight. What he wants, he gets, and he wants Monica.  He has to convince Monica that he is action and not just full of talk.  Monica wants to keep their relationship strictly business.  Her sorry ex keeps trying to get back into Monica's life and it takes Garret to tell Bryn to step off!!!  This was my least favorite story.  With Francis Ray her stories are hit or miss, and I don't like a lot of her stories.  This is the only story I won't be reading again.  The stories by Rochelle, Brenda and Donna are simply awesome.  You have characters who are various age ranges, all the women are successful professional women, and all of the women work out which is excellent.  You even have one character who is a virgin, which I know many people won't believe, but they do exist.  This is a book I will read over and over again with the exception of Francis Ray's story.  This book is worth owning and adding to your personal book collection.   I gave the book a rating of 4 only because I gave Francis story a 2 rating.  The other stories I rate a 5.       