 A young Brenda Carver is moving into a new building on 135 E. 128th Street.  Brenda meets Rosa and they become friends.  A young Sharif wants to play with them but Rosa tells Brenda "We don't like boys."  I thought that was so cute!!!!    Years later Brenda still lives in the Ida B building along with Rosa and Sharif.    Brenda is trying to make it as a single mother to her children. She gets no child support from any of the fathers.  1 father is out of site, another incarcerated, another vanished when he found out that Brenda was expecting, and the one man who was to marry her was murdered.  Brenda has boxes filled with notes for a novel she wants to write.  While Brenda was at the welfare office a despondent mother throws herself and her children out of the window.  Leaving on a child an orphan.  The community bands together to help the one surviving child, and he eventually turns up murdered.  Adding to the murder mystery, the residents find themselves about to be removed from their homes when the city plans to tear down the building.  Will the residents of the Ida B find out who the killer is, and save their community?  I found the book to be entertaining.  A few typos managed to take me of course.  The Editor did not do their job well at all.  Aside of that, this was a good book.  You have the nosey neighbor, the neighbor that has to talk stuff, but the community really seems to look out for one another.  Rosa was a fire cracker.  She wants so badly to be an actress, and had a tendency to be a drama queen.    Sharif was homosexual but all about the black community and his people. He does not let his sexual preference get in the way of standing up for the causes he cares about most.  I really liked his character. Aunt Pat had me in tears from laughter.  I know someone just like her.   I know this book is a work of fiction, but Vincent being able to beat a cop and live to tell about it was too far fetched.  In New York, there is no way that would happen.  I know being from NY, cop killers don't get far!!!   This book will keep you turning the pages, and the ending is a touching one.  I could relate to this book having lived in a community in the Bronx where everyone looked out for each other.  You have mystery, drama, some comedy, and sadness in this book.  Your emotions will be worked while reading.  This book is worth the read.       