 Six friends in NY face the emotions of turning 30. I could so identify with this movie. I'm 36, so a lot of what some of the characters were dealing with in this film, I've dealt with them or know others who have. 30 years to life starts with a birthday and ends with a birthday. At the beginning of the movie Natalie comes home from work to a surprise birthday party. Instead of being happy she screams "I'm 30" and runs away crying. Usually birthdays are reasons to celebrate, for Natalie she is facing the fact that she "Has an MBA, A Great well paying job, and is in great shape, but why is she not happy or married." Natalie really wants to be in a relationship, but she has trouble in the relationship area. Natalie is not the only character dealing with being 30 or about to turn 30. You have Joy who is in a 4 year relationship, but she really wants to be married to Leland. Joy has convinced herself that they do not need that piece of paper to label their relationship (man if I had a nickel for every time I heard that line I would be RICH). Leland feels if they get married, everything will change in the relationship, so he is comfortable with just living together the way they have been. Bottom line is he is scared!!! Malik is a marketing executive who has a negative idea about relationships. He sees relationships as "leasing with the option to buy", and he goes out of his way to NOT put himself in a situation where the relationship can get serious. However, he has no problems sleeping with woman, after woman, and forgets the names of some women. Malik works in Marketing and gets a promotion. He does not like how his career is mapped out for him over the next 10 years. He was informed of his career path and his projected salary by the time he was 40! He quits his job to pursue his dream of being a model. Troy is a broke actor comedian who is always trying to borrow money from women, and steals food from his friends. Don't expect him to pay the tab if you go out to eat. He can't cover his part of the bill. Stephanie is a successful real estate agent who has been dealing with weight issues all her life. To hide her pain she makes jokes about her weight before anyone else can start, but she longs to live happy and slimmer like her other female friends do.     Joy finally admits to Leland that she wants to get married and it's a huge weight lifted off her shoulders. Now he is feeling the pressure to get her an engagement ring. Leland "Accidentally" gets Joy an engagement ring, and when lets her know it was a mistake she breaks up with him. Stephanie loses weight and suddenly she is getting attention from men and loves it. Nicole is dating a doctor who loves to be served and taken care of (by Kadeem Hardison), but when her job performance suffers she has to make a choice.     The movie is could be depressing for some, but for me I laughed a lot. There is a stigma to turning 30, and I happen to enjoy being in my 30's. The movie is about reflection, about taking chances, and about being honest to yourself about what you truly want in life. I enjoyed the movie so much I watched it twice before I returned it, and I plan to purchase my own copy. This is a good film.     There is a hilarious scene that involves a 6th toe on the foot of one of the characters. Janet Hubert (Aunt Viv #1 from the Fresh Prince of Bell Air) plays Joys Mom in the movie. Music artist Monifah makes a quick appearance. Blink and you will miss her, it's that quick.     There is another scene that Joy shares with her Mom discussing her just living with her boyfriend. Joy is trying to justify it, but some really great lines come out we all may have heard over and over. "That's your problem you're afraid you are going to scare him off. You know it's what you want (marriage) I can see it in your eyes." "For a man sex outside of marriage is like finding money. If no one claims it you will be spending it until it's all gone." "Why buy something you can get for free."    The DVD has no significant extras. You get a filmography of the actors in the movie. It would have been nice to get some film commentary from the director and the actors in the movie. The movie stars Ericka Alexander (Living Single, Cosby show), Melissa De Sousa (The Best Man, Miss Congeniality), Tracy Morgan (The Tracy Morgan Show, SNL, Head of State), Paula Jai Parker (Proud Family, Friday, My Baby Daddy, Phone Booth), Allen Payne (Blue Hill Avenue, Cosby Show, Jasons Lyric, Vampire in Brooklyn, New Jack City), TE Russel (City of Angels), Kadeem Hardison (A Different World, Vampire in Brooklyn, White Men Can't Jump, Biker Boyz)     