 I enjoy this movie so much, I finally gave in and bought my own copy to add to my DVD collection.  This is my favorite movie starring Sandra Bullock.  FBI agent Gracie Hart is going undercover as a contestant in the Miss United States contest.  She has to actually do girlie things.  I mean Gracie wearing make up, and acting demure?  Not this tomboy!!!  She becomes Gracie Lu Freebush to find a bomber who threatens the pageant.  The scene where Eric (the handsome Benjamin Bratt) has to convince Gracie she is perfect for the assignment, and they fight is hilarious!!!  Especially when she has her legs around his head, and he is trying to speak.  Gracie was not the first choice, but the other agents are either to homely looking or on maternity leave.  Convincing the pageant's Director that Gracie has to not only compete in the pageant, but place fifth is no easy task.  After much reluctance, Gracie is allowed in, but it's obvious Gracie needs some serious fine tuning.  Victor Melling is a pageant consultant, but one look at Gracie and he thinks he can't do anything to help her.  He can't stand the way she eats, the way she speaks and her tomboyish manner.  He changes his mind and gives it a go.  He brings in a team that would make Extreme Make over look like play time.  Gracie is transformed from an ugly duckling to a beautiful swan. One of my favorite scenes is when she has all the foil on her head and she says "With all this tin foil on my head, I can probably get HBO." Sanda Bullock is so beautiful, but she plays frumpy quite well.  Another really funny moment was how she ate the steak.  I laughed, but cringed at the same time.  So unlady like, but she did not care.  She would eat and talk.    What I liked about the film is Gracie is forced to look within herself.  When she is down, she eats a pint of Ben and Jerry's ice cream.  Her defense mechanism against her own fears is to be sarcastic.  She is clumsy, but she shows a human side that you can't help but connect with her character.  You can relate to her to a degree.  When Gracie is surrounded by her fellow contestants that's when the fun really starts.    The reason this movie is so funny is it has a slapstick appeal.  I've enjoyed slap stick comedy since John Ritter (RIP) on Three's Company.   Sandra did it well.    The other female contestants in the movie were also funny.  Gracie's jumping off stage to tackle a guy with a gun is hilarious.  The romance between Gracie and Eric was really cute. "You want to kiss me, you want to kiss me, and love me."  Their chemistry was great.  This is a must watch movie for sure.  One of my favorites that I love to watch over, and over again.       