 I honestly had no major expectations for this DVD except to hear the full cuss words, and knew I would see a lot of fake boobs.  I was right.  Ladies, let me worn you.  If you are watching this with your guy, he will probably love this DVD.  Lots of boobs.  Lots of fake boobs.  Did I mention you see a lot of boobs on this DVD?   As a woman I found we get the short end of the stick!!!  We may get a peek of bottom on men, and that's about it.   The guys hide their privates, while we see some full nudity on the women.  So not fair!!!  What a let down.  This DVD should be titled Naked Ladies Dating!!!   Aisha Tyler is said to be the host, but you don't see her at all.  So I'm puzzled as to why her name is listed.  The premise of the show is two couples go out, and get to know one another.  Then they switch places.  A 5th person enters into the mix, and when it's all said and done will the person on the 5th wheel bus originally be chosen, or will the 5th wheel be chosen?  This was one of my favorite guilty pleasure shows.  I thought it was different then Blind Date and Elimidate.    The cons of this DVD?  They showed only a few women and then did some looping.   Showing the same clips is enough to make you put your fingers on the forward button of your remote.    This DVD in my opinion is good for a rental, but not worth buying.  Then again I'm a woman, so it wouldn't be.  Men may feel different.  I used to enjoy the show, I thought the DVD would give some good highlights, but some of the footage was looped over and over again.  I'm just happy I did not buy this, because I would want a refund!!!   The reason I'm giving this a 3 rating is because of the announcer.  Some of what of he said was really funny.  There was a scene where one of the dates was putting whipped cream on a bare breast.  The announcer says "Now that's a happy meal!!"  Another time when there is some tongue kissing going on he says "There is more tongue then your average deli."  I could not help but chuckle!!  There is another scene where a woman attempts to put her fist in her mouth and he says "I want to have her children."  I found it to be funny.    This is the type of DVD where you will either hate it or like it a little.  There is no middle ground.  It's one of those DVD's you watch to get a chuckle, and have nothing better to watch on TV.  If you have time to waste, it's good for one viewing.       