 I'm going to say this movie did not keep my interest.  It was too slow paced, but the movie did have some interesting scenes, but then return to slow Ville again.  I did not consider this movie a comedy, even though there were some scenes that were humorous.  I considered the movie more of a drama.  I thought Sam Rockwell's character was not as developed as it could have been.  You knew he was a con artist, you knew he "acted" concerned for Roy's character, but that's all.  Nicholas Cage plays Roy, an obsessive compulsive con artist who teams up with his Partner Fran (Sam Rockwell) to con people out of their money.  They mostly go after old people who are so nave they pretty much GIVE their money without asking any questions.  Roy can't stand being outdoors and can't stand unorganized dirty rooms as he makes people take off their shoes before entering his house. He has problems keeping the pills that help him deal with his disorders.  When he does not take those pills, his ticks, and behavior gets even worse.  There is a scene in the movie after he discovers he does not have his pills he cleans his apartment for what seems like hours on end from top to bottom.  He cleans every square inch, and even uses a toothbrush to clean small areas that some people would not even bother cleansing.  Roy discovers he has a 14 year old daughter named Angela from a relationship he ended years before.  When he ended this relationship she the woman was pregnant with his child.  Angela wants to get to know her father.  They begin to form a relationship that starts off awkward, but eventually turns affectionate.  Angela begs her father to teach her how to con, and he agrees.  Yet after he shows her the ropes he makes her return the money.  Okay nice turn, but again hypocritical being he never returned money to any of the elderly people he conned.  One con goes horribly wrong, and their lives are threatened by a con they tried to bilk.  An interesting twist at the end turns everything around and things which appear to be true, suddenly are not true after all. Before the movie ends the con gets conned, and he tries to rebuild his life.  The movie had potential, but it just loses in parts before it builds up again.  Nicholas having germphobia and agoraphobia was an interesting touch.  I thought watching him be compulsive would be annoying, but it was very intriguing.  Sheila Kelley's character, the grocery check-out clerk, had such a limited role she might as well not have been there.  I thought Alison Lohman played her role well.  She had me convinced she was a young 14 year old teenager with her youthful appearance.  The movie is not bad, I just did not like the slow pace of the movie.     