 For everyone wondering if Ugly Wanda is in the season 3 set, the answer is YES.    In Living Color Season 3 adds Jamie Foxx, Steve Park, and Shawn Wayans to the cast.  Jennifer Lopez joined the fly girls, and DJ Twist is the new DJ to replace Shawn Wayans.  Damon leaves the show at the end of the third season to pursue other opportunities.  The show also opens with a new opening sequence and a new song by Heavy D.   There are some great skits I've had fun seeing again, but Season 3 DVD release of In living Color has a LOT of skits missing, and I'm very disappointed how the number of skits missing seem to increase.  I feel it's cheating fans of the show that were looking forward to seeing those skits they remember when the show aired on Fox.  There are a few episodes where the show introduction is starting, but you hear applause.  The opening skit was cut out.    Some of the missing skits: Crown Heights story Prison Cable Network Lizzy's The Jackson Bunch Paula Abdul skits David Duke skit Darnel Bond skit Connie Chung - Me want Maury (I remember this skit, and it was hilarious) Rice Cube Career Aid One Night Stand Anton Gets Rich Rescue Whenever Michael Bolton Chrystal Waters LL Cool J Vanilla Ice(from season 2)  The musical parodies are very funny, and having them missing on the DVD set is very much a disappointment.  I recall when they had an episode devoted to the musical parodies, and I was really hoping it would be on the set.    There are some great skits that made me want to keep rewinding the DVD and watching them over and over again.  Ugly Wanda is one of them.  When Jamie joins the cast of In Living Color he does a couple of skits as Ugly Wanda and he is hilarious!!!  Ugly Wanda on the dating game, and Ugly Wanda on the blind date.  Watching Jamie Foxx wear that blond wig, and him do his lips in that funny way is so hilarious.  The interaction between Foxx and Tommy Davidson made for much laughter.   "I got you, I have you, you mine."  "I will Rock your world."  One of my favorite lines  "I thought you said you look like Vanna White, you look like Slappy White!!", as Tommy tries to get away from Wanda in his leopard draws.    Jim Carrey doing a skit as Pee Wee Herman and talking about the Pee Wee Doll with Trubo fist by Sleazo is funny also.  Misery II with Keenan Ivory Wayans as Rick James.  Plenty of Homey D. Clown, Men On,  Head Detective, Benita Butrell, Funky Finger Productions, Snack and Shack, and Fire Marshall Bill skits all through out the season. I was very excited to see the super bowl halftime special on the set.  Jamie Foxx doing the Prince Skit in the Butt Out Jeans.  I had totally forgotten about that skit, and it was great to see again.  Jamie was great imitating Prince.    I enjoyed the skit with Hey Mon. The Hardest working Jamaican family is doing battle with the hardest working Asian family.  Vera DeMilo doing the steroids ad, "Live fast, die young and pretty."  I chuckle thinking about it.  The Home Alone again skit was so good to watch.  Tommy Davidson plays Micheal Jackson and Jonathan Taylor Thomas is playing the Macauly Culkin role.    Sam and Samantha Kinison skit had me doubled over and wiping my eyes because I laughed so hard watching that skit.  Kelly Coffield really held her own against Sam Kinison.  When they show the baby and he says "I will be in rehab before Kindergarten, I want to go back, I want to go back."  I'm gasping for air because of all the laughing I'm doing.  During the Star Trek skit the stand out lines "We are approaching Senility", "Damn it Jim, I'm a corpse not a doctor!"   Last Man on Earth is another hilarious skit.  Poor guy thought he would have all those women, and they only made him do chores, and made him dance for them, wearing pasties!!!    My Favorite Skits: 1. Prince Butt Out Jeans 2. Background Guy 3. Hey Mon 4. Fire Marshall Bill on a cruise 5. Construction Guys 6. Coyote Ugly Escape Kit 7. Minute Maiden drink 8. Men on Film Part 2 9. Vera DeMilo (Steroid Ad) 10. Home Alone Again  11. Environment Guy 12. Sam & Samantha Kinison 13. Timbuks 14. Bill Benson  - Game Show Hosts 15. Wilt Chamberlin Wall 16. My Left Foot of Fury 17. Frenchie invades Alcoholics Anonymous  18. Anton and the Reporter 19. The Cosby Condom 20. All the Wanda Skits 21. Handi Man & the Tiny Avenger 22. Frenchie in Lamaz Class 23. Grim Reaper on Vacation 24. Star Trek VII - the really Last Voyage 25. Men on Football 26. Cape Fear II 27. Hour of Power Preachers on Trial 28. The Fist that rocks the cradle - Vera Demilo 29. Club Ozone 30. Anton and Rita get a green card. 31. Fast Food 32. Homey as the substitute teacher 33. Testers choice - parodies Fatal Attraction 34. 100,000 Pyramid - Tom and Tom 35. Last Man on Earth 36. Cousin Elsee 37. Les and Wes   There are a ton of skits that will have you howling with laughter.  The Bloopers episode is also very, very funny.  There are tons of musical guest, that show up to perform at the end of the show.  Kriss Kross performing Jump, Nice and Smooth, MC Lyte, Queen Latifah, Big Daddy Kane, Color Me Bad (whatever happened to them?).  Eric B. and Rakim, Shabba Ranks and Maxi Priest, Black Sheep, and Heavy D. & The Boys.    Due to the missing skits, I'm having to rate Season 3 a tad lower than I rated season 1 and 2.   In Living Color Season 3 is still a good set to own to add to your DVD collection.       