 I kept hearing all the negative reviews for Soul Plane, but wanted to see the movie for myself.  I'm not going to deny there were some pretty funny parts in the film, but they were overshadowed by the stereotypical nonsense which is why I'm giving this movie a low rating.  I saw the unrated version of the DVD.   The movie starts out with a little baby Nashawn staring up at the sky looking at planes.  Cut to him rushing to catch his flight with his pooch in tow.  Nashawn is riding a plane and his dog has to go with the baggage.  After reacting to some beef stroganoff, and a hilarious scene in the bathroom, he sees his beloved dog get killed.  He sues and he wins a huge settlement which he uses to start his own airlines.  NWA (Nashawn Wade Airlines) is born.  To me this is where things get a little to ghettofied for me.  I mean a purple pimped out plane with rims and hydraulics?  Security (Monique and & Loni Love) are too busy dancing and rapping to check each passenger before they go through the checkpoint.  That is until Monique's character comes across a rather handsome passenger that she feels she must check a little more thoroughly (Richard T. Jones from Judging Amy, but he did not receive a film credit.....probably a good thing).    Mr. Honkee (Tom Arnold) is traveling with his son, daughter and girlfriend, and after their flight is cancelled, they are put on NWA airlines.  The only white family on the plane.  The girlfriend sees all the black folks and gets nervous, son has an identity crisis and trying to be "gangsta", Mr. Honkee is drooling over all the black women he sees.  The fast daughter of his talks about turning 18, and some sexual situations she should have been smacked for even saying she would do.  When his girlfriend sees the cover of Black and Proud magazine with a guy that's very, very, very gifted, and she is intrigued.  Later we find out she suffered vocal cord damage and can't speak.  Yeah okay.  As passengers get on the plane they are either put in First Class, Business Class or Low Class.  In Low Class the seats are close together, it's loud, it looks a little dingy.  To use the overhead compartment, you have to pay for it.  The drinks offered are Colt 45 or Alize.  The smart mouthed daughter steals the little bottles of liquor when the cart is near her.  There is a safety video where the three of the flight attendants (a Latina who flings her hair a lot, Flame the flamboyant gay attendant(Smart Brother from Undercover Brother), and Tamika(Angel Conwell The Wash, Baby Boy)) sing to the tune of Survivor.  First class is very spaceious and well lit and just plain nice.  The Pilot of the plane is Captain Mack, an ex-con who is afraid of heights, never flew before, and spends his flight getting as high as possible.  I'm not talking plane altitude.  In low class the meal of choice is Popeye's Chicken.  They also have to share napkins "sharing is caring," is what the flight attendant says.    Other cast of characters in the film include John Witherspoon who gets freaky with a baked potato thinking it's the female passenger next to him.  I will never look at a baked potato the same again.  DJ & Cherry(Brian Hooks and Sommore) are the couple trying to join the mile high club.  Gaeman (Godfrey - 7 up guy) the co-pilot who feels he should be a pilot.  Method Man running the Business side of the plane had gambling, then of course what's a black movie without the strippers?  Why was there a video being filmed on the plane?  I really could have done without Lil Jon and the Ying Yang twins.    Side plot (if you can call it that) is Nashawn seeing his ex love Gisselle on the flight.  Captain Mack eats one African Mushroom too many and dies.  Nashawn has to figure out how to fly, and land the plane.  That part of the film was kind of worthy of a chuckle.    The issue I had with the movie is the overuse of black stereotypes.  As a black woman I'm really tired of the chicken eating, getting high, and getting drunk, over sexed mentality that some black movies seem to like to joke about.  It's old, tired and unfunny.  Also what grown man says "I have to boo boo?"    After seeing this movie I can understand all the negative press this movie received.  It was warranted.  If you watch the extras Monique says she did not want to do the movie originally. Perhaps she should have stuck with her first instinct.        