 The only thing scary about this movie is that I sat through this nonsense.  This movie was simply HORRIBLE.  It was very, very, corny.  I wanted to give this movie a fair chance, but without the Wayans (Keenan as Director, Marlon and Shawn acting) in the movie this movie was just weak, weak, weak.  The crude Wayans flavor is what gave the first two movies such a success, and it was really missing in the third installment.    This installment spoofs the Ring, Signs, and Final Destination, but spoofs even more non-horror movies.  Scary Movie 3 also spoofed The Matrix, Signs, 8 Mile, and Lord of the Rings.  The funniest part of the movie was the beginning when Pamela and Jenny McCarthy.  I like how they made fun at Pam's little home movie she made with Tommy Lee.  After that the movie is all down hill.  Anna Farris and Regina Hall are the only characters left from Scary Movie 1 & 2.  Brenda is a teacher and Cindy works for a news station.  Charlie Sheen plays Mel Gibson's role from Signs.  His wife Denise Richards (Starship Troopers) makes an appearance in the film.  Rex portrays Eminem's role from 8 Mile.  The movie promos showed the funny parts so much by the time you see it in the actual movie, you don't laugh.  I was so bored with the Michael Jackson scene!!!  I got tired of that little boy always getting hit in the head.  The wake scene for Brenda was over the top.  George is so stupid, he thought a wake meant that Brenda was awake (get it a wake, awake, yeah I did not laugh either), and he was trying to revive her.   During all the parts that should have gut busting funny, I found myself just shaking my head and checking the clock wondering when the movie would be over.  The scene with the rappers fighting was just stupid, not funny at all. Macy Gray, Method Man, Red Man, Master P, and Wu Tang were thrown in that senseless scene.  All the cameos in the world could not save this dismal movie.    Cindy watches the killer video tape, and has seven days to live, and she has to stop a killer ghost, she falls in love with a corny rapper named George, and is trying to protect her getting hit in the head nephew.  There is one other scene in the movie I liked when Brenda sees the body come out of her TV and she fights it.  The 8 Mile scene where Simon (American Idol) gets shot was moderately funny, but that scene was also shown to death in TV promos.    Queen Latifah and Eddie Griffen play the roles from Matrix Reloaded as the Oracle and Morpheus, and that part seemed so thrown in at the last minute.    Leslie Nielsen's talents were wasted in this movie.  If you bother to watch the movie extras you will be so happy the deleted scenes were NOT included in the movie.  They would have made the movie even cornier, if that's at all possible.  The first Scary Movie is the best and the funniest in the trilogy.  If you are a fan of Scary Movie 1 and 2, you will be very disappointed with the third installment.  I know I was.  The third is one you can totally ignore.  Trust me you won't be missing anything if you never, ever, ever see this movie.  The PG - 13 rating stand for Pure Garbage to the 13th power!!!!    There was supposed to be a Scary Movie 4, let's hope it's NEVER released.       