 This movie really surprised me.  It was better then expected. I keep seeing comparisons to Breaking and some older hip hop movies.  This movie is a lot different, and is in a category by itself.  Then dancing in this film is not just break dancing, but all kinds of different dance moves.  This is not the late 80?s and early 90's.  We are in a different time, and the dancing is different, but I like it!!  I can't do it, but I like to watch it!!!!  The acting in this film is decent, and the dance moves are awesome!!!!  I would watch the dance scenes over and over.  The dancing was just phenomenal to me.    The movie is about two friends who are in a dance crew.  They compete in dance battles at Mr. Rad's (played by Steve Harvey) for money.  David an L are challenged by a rival crew for a $5,000 purse, which they lose when the rival crew has one of their dancers.  That dancer showed the rival crew the moves.  David (Omari Grandberry B2K), and L (Marques Houston- Sister Sister & IMx) also do runs for a drug dealer for money.  When L gets jumped, he is upset with David, and does not want to be friends with him anymore. L's sister (Jennifer Freeman ? My Wife and kids) has feelings for David, but to keep the peace makes the hard choice to keep her distance.  When a dance contest for a $50,000 prize, and a chance to dance in Lil Kim's video the friends put aside their differences to compete for the prize, and to honor the death of Lil Saint.  I was actually surprised to see Steve Harvey in this movie.  He is not a fan of hip hop, but his part was a father type of figure in the movie.  He was the man of reason, and the man who held the dance competitions at his establishment to keep the kids out of trouble.    My major complaint was Lil Kim.  She can't act, and all that make up made her look terrible.  Lil Kim needs some serious acting lessons, and someone find her a better make up artist.  Also who dresses her?  Just terrible!!!!   Meagan Goode had a very small role as Liyah's friend.  Her name was Beautifull (with two L's).  I seriously doubt this role will do anything for her career, it was that minor.  I've seen her in much better roles.   Anyone who is a now defunct B2k fan will love this movie.  Anyone who is a Marques Houston fan will love this movie.  If you are looking for a movie with a decent plot, and some great dancing, you will enjoy this movie!!  I enjoyed it so much I plan to add it to my growing DVD collection.         