 I've been waiting for this CD to be released and bought it the day it was finally released.  Syleena Johnson stated in a recent interview "the record company does not know what to do with me."  I can't imagine why, because this woman has an amazing, amazing voice.  I played this CD for two weeks straight!!!   I've been a fan of this talented artist since Chapter 1:  Love, Pain and Forgiveness.   Chapter 3:  The Flesh follows Chapter 1: Love, Pain, and Forgiveness and Chapter 2:  The Voice.  Syleena gets more sensual on this album (The Flesh) which is different than her past albums, but I like it!!!  She has a couple of mid-temp songs that will have you tapping your foot and singing along, and her signature "man is messing up" type songs.  Hypnotic is good song.  I find myself letting that song repeat a few times before moving on to the rest of the CD.  R. Kelly and Fabolous make cameos on that track.  She also has cameo's from Common, Anthony Hamilton, Jermaine Dupree and Twista on the CD.    Reading the reviews some people were taken aback by Syleena's song 8. Phone Sex and 9. Slowly.  Personally I don't see what the problem is.  Having been in long distance relationships I could totally relate to the Phone Sex song.  I could relate to the lyrics on Phone Sex and Slowly which is why I can appreciate those songs.  Syleena is a grown woman showing her sensual side, but it was not done in a tacky way. It was very welcome.    Another relationship is another song I thought was a good song.   When she ended the song with "I'm carrying your child", all I could do was say WOW!!!     Apartment 4 Rent is a song about knowing when it's time to move on when a relationship is over.    This is a good album, but there are a couple of cuts I won't be playing much if at all.   I was also disappointed the lyrics were not included like they were in Chapter 1 and 2.    Song 13 Leave me alone is another good song.  The song is about a woman who realizes that there are no benefits to her being the OTHER WOMAN, and wants to end her affair. Some lyrics from the song:  What makes you think I'm going to wait 4 ever When we both know that you never gonna leave her What makes you think I don't want a man I can call my own. What makes you think that I don't want a family What makes you think I want to be unhappy Boy I can't do this ,it ain't right I don't you should call me anymore.  If you're not gonna be here for me, leave me alone If you not gonna do shhhh for me, leave me alone If you gotta girl at home and she's pregnant wondering when you coming home, leave me alone Don't wanna know if you got problems in your marriage If you think I'm gonna help you carry your baggage Cause I don't want to share your love, I can do bad on my own.  To me lyrics like this are powerful, and should make people really stand up and take notice.    I sincerely hope more good albums will be made by this very talented, and wonderful artist.   If you are a Syleena fan, then make sure you pick up this CD and add it to your collection.  You won't regret it.    Favorite Cuts:  2.  Hypnotic 4.  Special Occasion 8.  Phone Sex 9.  Slowly 10.  Time 11.  Still Open 12.  Another Relationship 13.  Leave me Alone 14.  Apartment for Rent     