 I had this book sitting in my house for a few years.  I was hesitant to read the book after reading one of his other novels "Just Say No" which I found very boring. I finally decided to read this book, and it was simply just okay.    The book was slow, very slow, and it did not fully grab me.  Anthony (Ant) Poole is an auto mechanic, and player who fall for Sharron Francis who works at the airport who is originally from Memphis.  Sharron is determined to not play hard to get, but hard to forget.  Sharron wants a relationship with substance.    Guess that is the case when she meets Ant.   He gets Sharron's attention with this one line,  "Excususe me miss wanna trade?  A piece of me for a piece of you."  Sharron is the type of woman that he normally does not go for, but something about her draws him to her.  Sharron has a pessimistic view on relationships and love.  She wants companionship not to be the next booty call.  Other characters in the book include Ant's friend Anthony (Tone) Wallace, want to be playa and a criminal who wants to do right, but spends his full time trying to get over. Rounding out the characters in the book is Sharron's friend, and roommate Celena.  Celena is cynical, and overprotective.  Celena is the type of person who is very anti love, but always on the prowl for a man.    Sharron overanalyzed of everything.  She wants to trust Ant, but not sure if she can.  Sharon asked a lot of questions.  Anthony feared Sharon the closer he got to her.  Celene trust no one, and felt if a man really wanted to be with her, he would wait until she is ready.  "Celena hated the vulnerability of being a woman."   The book at times just took too long to get to the point it was trying to convey.  Tone finally gets a job and seems on the road to doing right with his life.    There was one moment in the book that was very interesting.  Ant is arrested for something his stupid friend Tone does.  Ant is finally able to get in touch with Sharron and asks her to bail him out of jail.  Of course Sharron thinks about it and she does decide to bail him out, even though her cynical friend Celena begs her not to.  When Sharron does that they both realize just how much they care about each other, and have each other's back.   The book left too many unanswered questions.  What happened to Tone?  Does Celena ever see the error or her ways?  Do Sharron and Ant's relationship work?   There was one character that really upset me.  Diane was a one night stand that Ant hooked up with.  Diane had ample time to leave Ant's house.  She did not leave because she did not want to.  Diane and Ant need to be held responsible for what happened.  Ant should have opened the door and told Dine "Good Night."  Diane says to Ant,  "I want what she gets."  Diane tried to make herself seem like a victim in the book, but she brought the situation on herself.  Diane thought that sleeping with Ant would make him like her.  She tried to play the game and got burned.  Her character is one I know very well, because I know women who think like she does.   The books characters did not really draw me in.  I never found a character that I really liked.  I decided to donate my copy to the library.  I did not like the book enough to want to read again and keep in my collection.  I'm hoping I will one day find one book by Omar Tyree I will actually enjoy and really like.      