 Janeia Goode is a college student who is intelligent, until it comes to her choice of men.  She likes bad boys, and Molasses fits the bill perfectly.  He is handsome, has money, is mysterious and is dangerous.  How he got his nickname is pretty interesting, and will make you chuckle.  Janeia finds herself falling in love with this man who is hired to kill and not feel bad about it.  Janeia knows what Molasses does, but she sticks by him regardless.  Janeia is that "Ride or Die" kind of sister.  There is another thug that likes Janeia, but she is not feeling him, and that's Dollar Bill.  Dollar Bill likes Janeia because "She is down for the streets even though she is educated."   Molasses gets around, his "job" has him traveling to Dallas, Brooklyn, and LA.   He gets paid big bucks for he does.  One job had him making $250,000.  He has Five rules he follows, and 2 of the rules, he does not kill women, and he does not kill children.  Molasses has a side kick named Charlie that helps him out by making sure Molasses has the "tools" he needs to get the job done.  Molasses has this one officer on his tail, Officer Barrett who is investigating Molasses.  He knows Molasses is up to no good, but Molasses is slick, and Officer Barrett is unable to find anything on him, but he is keeping his eyes on Molasses.  Molasses has a mother who thinks he is an ATM, and never bothers to ask how he gets his money.  There is one scene in the book where Molasses is in the hospital and his mother asks him how much money he has on him.  Guess she was more concerned about the money, then the fact her son was almost murdered.    Janeia gets very angry when she finds out that Molasses is stepping out on her with another woman.  Exactly what was Janeia expecting?  He is a bad boy, and bad boys cheat, bad boys can't be held down by one woman, and Molasses never said "I Love you back", so Janeia should have licked her wounds and moved on.    Janeia instead decided revenge is the only thing that will help heal her heart, and the ending of the book will be predictable, but still a surprise.  It was Janeia's choices that upset me.  Maybe that was the point of the book.  I was annoyed how the author pretty much had everything planned out so while reading I was forced to feel a certain way.  Some of the dialogues made me groan in irritation.  In addition I can't relate to the appeal of wanting a bad boy.  I run from bad boys because nothing good ever comes of getting involved with one.  I also had a hard time with the fact that Molasses would tell any woman what he does for a living.  No hit man would ever tell a woman what he does.  I'm giving the book three stars because it was interesting. This is the type of book you will read once and be done with it.  If you can borrow it from the library you will be better off.       