 I had this book sitting in my book collection for three years.  I should have left this book sitting on the shelf.  I regret buying and cracking open this book!!!  This was simply stupid and I will NEVER buy a title from this author ever again.  I have a great sense of humor and love to laugh, but the antics in this book were so far fetched, I could not find the humor in it.    Shawn is a cheap, naive brother who "wants a babe who has cable."  If he can't see ESPN at her place, she is no good to him.  He has women placed in 6 categories.   1--"I just got out of a really bad relationship." 2--"I'm not interested in a relationship. I just have friends." 3--"What is it you said you do for a living?" 4--"Men are dogs." 5--"My biological clock is ticking. I need a man." 6--"I'm single, I'm available, and, yes, I'm interested."  Shawn is hoping he will find his number 6.  Shawn's best friends are Donnie, the drug user that could sell anything except drugs, and Kelly the always broke, but fashionable sister.  During one of his dates he pays $50.00 for a lunch with a woman he had been out with before, and did not like.  She orders a whole pie to take home.  He meets Jasmine who is hot, married and has a boyfriend.  Both live in Philly.  Shawn is clumsy with the ladies and has no game what so ever.  He says stupid things that make you want to throw the book across the room.  Which I wanted to do several times while reading this selection.    He meets Miss Troi a classy woman who has major problems with Shawn leaving his socks on in bed.  I had no idea what the big deal was over the socks.  Maybe Shawn has cold feet, maybe they were ugly and needed to remain covered.  Shawn is not pleased when Miss Troi takes his $5.00 socks and throws them out the window.  In Miss Troi, he thinks he found his six.    There is a part in the book where Shawn thought a nickel bag actually cost a nickel.  Shawn could squeeze blood out of a penny, that's how cheap he was.  How do you grow up and not know that Black Tie means you have to wear a Tuxedo?  Shawn was so beyond dense it really irritated me.  I did not find his lack of knowledge to be comedic at all.    During a speech that Jesse Jackson gave, he kept asking "Who is hope?"  How do you live in DC and not know that Jesse Jackson says "Keep Hope Alive?"  At this point I almost put the book down for good, but being the glutton for punishment that I am, I kept reading.  This book was way too silly for me.    Troi asks him "Are you hiding something?" his response is "Do you mean like under the table or out in my ride."  At this point I'm beating my head against the wall at the stupidity this character exudes.  He does not know that baggage stands for relationship issues, not baggage in the literal sense.  This book was such a disappointment.  There is no way that a guy can be that STUPID, and DENSE!!!!  This is a book you borrow from the library, not buy and keep as a part of your book collection.  Because after reading this book, you will either toss your copy or do what I did.  Donate it to the library.  The sequel of this book is Dad Interrupted.       