 I received season 1 of Nip Tuck as a gift from a friend who knew I was a big fan of the show.  I own season 2, and can't wait for season 3 to come out on DVD so I can add it to my collection as well.   Nip Tuck is not just another medical show.  It's very unique with the story lines, characters and   Season one we get involved in the twisted relationship of Sean, Christian and Sean's wife Julia who live in Miami Florida.  I say twisted because Christian has feelings for Julia and they had a relationship.  The level of that relationship will come to light by the time the season ends.  We find out that Christian is a serious playa.  He gets involved with Kimber, then Gena, and other women.  Kimber falls in love with him, Gena verbally abuses Christian every chance she gets.  Actually I find the way she speaks to him rather humorous.  They have a love hate relationship that is so intense.  Kimber finds out how much Sean loves her when he trades her for a car.  Nice, real nice.  When she seeks revenge on him later, you can't help but applaud what she does.   Sean has two children, while the daughter does not have a pivotal storyline, the son Matt does.  Matt does a self circumcision after reading about it on the internet.  I normally don't get woozy, but that scene had me crossing my legs and holding a pillow to my face to stifle the screams of terror!  Matt wants to be circumcised for a girl he likes, he later finds out that girl is a lesbian, but agrees to a three some with him.  When Julia catches Matt in the act she demands they meet the other parents to have an intervention.  Turns out the second girl is not a lesbian, but really likes Matt.  Talk about talk show moment.   Rounding out the cast are Roma Maffia as anesthesiologist Liz Cruz who is no nonsense, and always have something to say to Christian.    In addition to the main characters are the cases for the show.  Some of these people came in to see the surgeons hoping they will be able to improve their lives.  Nanette Babcock wanting surgery before her high school reunion so she can impress former classmates, and when she is turned down for the surgery she is totally heartbroken.  Sofia Lopez a transsexual was such an interesting storyline.  Showing how it is tough living life as she does.  Megan O'Hara is a breast cancer patient who decides to have reconstructive surgery.  She and Sean end up having an affair, and when her cancer returns it is really heart wrenching.  Escobar the tattooed drug lord who pretty much make Sean and Christian do his bidding.  He has various women smuggling drugs into the US in their breasts.  That is so intense, especially when one of the patients get severely sick, as long as the drugs are okay Esobar could care less about the women.  There is the man who changes his face because he sexually molested his boss's daughter.    When Christian realizes what has occurred he is sick with guilt, and Sean is beyond angered they took this man on as a client.  Then there is Ms. Grubman.  She will actually be in season 2 as well, but we are introduced to her in Season 1 and find out about her wanting so much plastic surgery.  When Sean leaves a surgical instrument in her body, and she is tackled by airport security she threatens to sue and ruin everything Sean and Julian worked so hard to accomplish.  Another great story line is Bliss.  She loses weight, and is ready to meet her online love, and has surgery.  When she meets her online love, he is nothing like he said he was.  I could go on and on, but I think you get the idea of what I'm trying to express.  This show is simply fantastic.    "You live in Miami and don't speak Spanish" someone says to Sean.  "I don't eat, I'm a model."  There is a scene where Julia is angry about the Gerbil and flushes it down the toilet.  The scene when the plumber finds it is hilarious.    Nip Tuck is the type of show you can't really pick one episode you like more then another.  Each episode just gets better and better and you can't wait to see what will happen next.  You simply get hooked to the show, and the characters.  The show is the perfect blend of drama and a touch of humor.   Christian played by Julian McMahon is so handsome, you hate him one minute, love him the next.  The extras on this set are really good.  The set includes blooper reel and deleted scenes.   There are so many great moments in this season you simply need to buy your own copy so you can enjoy the show again, and again.       