 I'm such a fan of Will Smith.  As soon as this album was released I ran out and bought it.  This album is awesome.  He has some songs here to dance to, but some songs to get his point across in a way that is classy, and to make you think about certain situations.  The one song that really got me was Ms. Holy Roller.  I know people just like the woman he described.  They lived their lives a certain way, and now they've found God, they have the nerve to turn their nose up at you for not believing in God the way they do.  Will Smith has the bravery to put this into a rap.  Tell me why is another song that has some deep content to it.  When I first heard this track it actually brought tears to my eyes.  The lyrics really brings home the state of the world today.   Why is the bomb always getting the last word & why did her uncle have to molest her & why did all them cops have to be shootin' to kill & why did all them priests have to act so ill Tell me why did James Byrd Jr. have to be touched Tell me why did Malcolm & Martin depart from us Tell me why did that sniper make the little boy shoot & why does human life always denied for loot Tell me why did Mandela have to live in a cage Why did my brother Sterling have to die at that age Tell me why did Reginald Denny deserve his fate & why the f*@k can't love seem to defeat hate Tell me why is it so hard for all the children to eat Why did Pac & Biggie Smalls have to fall in the street Tell me why did Jam Master Jay have to go that way Please what am I supposed to say to my kids when they say 'Why?'  When you listen to a Will Smith album you don't have to worry about your children not being able to listen with you because he does not see the need to use a cuss word to express himself.  Will Smith did not see the need to become a "thug" appeal to the masses.  I'm so happy that Will Smith is the gentleman he is, and not acting all hardcore like some of these other hip hop artist out here.  What does being hardcore really prove anyway?  I'm so tired of the so called hardcore artist whining about how hard their lives were, then when they become famous all they do is talk about how many cars they now have, how many homes, an the degradation of women.  It's old and it's tired.    Will Smith has taken the high road, and instead of applauding him folks want to talk down about him.  It's obvious Will Smith makes music his own children can listen to. He makes music he can look back and be proud of.     Folks are making a huge deal over the fact that Will did not diss Eminmen.  Will does NOT HAVE TO!!!  If you listen to the lyrics he pretty much states he could care less what Eminmen has to say about him.    Mr. Nice Guy Dissed by Eminem but did it bother him (yup) But he classy Big Will just get another 20 Mil and walk right pass E.   Those lyrics pretty much says it all!!  I'm glad Will takes the high road and does not see the need to diss other rappers.  I mean it does not take away that they were talked about does it?  No!!!  It just keeps prolonging the nonsense, then eventually someone either ends up hurt or worse.  They end up dead.    Mr. Nice Guy  Wendy Williams; you don't know me I'm not your punching bag. You gon blow me up girl you better leave me alone Before I buy your radio station and send you home.    I'm especially happy he put his comment out there about Wendy (she talks too much) Williams.  It's no secret she has more enemies than she does friends.  I'm from NY, and Wendy Williams is always talking about folks and I honestly can't STAND her myself, so kudos to Will.  I'm not sure what his beef is with Larry Elders, so I will admit that had me perplexed some.    Being a Dancehall Reggae fan I was very excited about the hidden track.  I love the remix of Switch he has with Elephant Man.  That's one of my new workout songs!!!   This is my favorite album from Will by far!!!    My favorite cuts:  1. Here he comes 2. Party Starter 3. Switch 4. Mr. Niceguy 5. Ms. Holy Roller 6. Lost & Found 7. Tell me why 8. I wish I made that/Swagger 9. Pump Ya Brakes 13. Wave Em off 14. Scary Story 16. Switch Reggae mix feat. Elephant Man  Music for the gym: 1. Here he comes 2. Party Starter 3. Switch 16. Switch Reggae mix feat. Elephant Man  The only song I really did not like on the album was the R&B remix of Switch.  I prefer the original or the Reggae version.  Aside of that this is one album you should have in your collection.  Will Smith can make you Party on one cut, then turn around and make you think on another.  It's one of Will Smith's best albums.       