 This show is so good, you just get hooked after watching the first episode!!!  I never watched an episode of Alias on TV.  When the show airs, I'm either watching another show, or I'm about to fall asleep being I wake up so early to go to the gym in the morning.  My brother and some of my friends told me if I enjoy 24, I will love Alias.  I happened to find Season 1 of Alias on the shelves of my local library, and decided to borrow it.  I'm glad I did, and I've just placed my order for Alias seasons 1 - 3 on DVD.  This is a show I will HAVE to own!!!  This show has it all.  I love the multiple plots, the action, the stunts, and the costumes Jennifer gets to wear.   I was so into the show I spent the whole weekend watching Season 1 on DVD.  I started Friday and did not finish until Sunday afternoon.  That's right I spent a whole weekend watching all of season 1 on DVD.  I had my very own Alias viewing marathon, and loved every second of it.    Season 1 finds Sydney a graduate student recruited into an organization she thought was a government agency, called SD-6.  Sydney makes the horrible mistake of telling her new fianc she is part of this organization, and he is killed.  When she finds out SD-6 is responsible for the murder, she also finds out that SD-6 is actually a counter government agency.  Sydney approaches the CIA, and becomes a double agent.  As a double agent she will go on missions for sSD-6 but will pass the information to her CIA handler Vaughn.  In addition to dealing with her fianc's murder, Sydney is having to deal with the fact that her father is also a double agent, and their strained relationship.  She is also trying to keep her professional life a secret from her friends Will a reporter, and Francie.  They think she works for a bank and has to travel a lot.  If they only knew.  She also has to keep her secret from her friend, and fellow agent Dixon.  That's so hard for her because they have a close relationship, and she hates deceiving him.  Sydney will not be satisfied until she has revenge on Sloan and SD-6 is gone forever.    I was riveted to my seat waiting to see what would happen next.  There are times you will hold your breath because you have no idea how a situation will turn out.  There were times I've jumped out of my seat screaming when certain things take place.  There are some violent scenes, but they are actually pivotal to the story which is rare.  This show is so exciting; you can't help but get hooked.  The way season 1 ends, you will rush out getting your hands on Season 2 !!!  I know I did!!!    Notable guest appearances by: Gina Torres, Quentin Tarinto, Patrcia Wettig, Roger Moore(yep 007 himself), Peter Berg     