 This film is full of action, and I like it when a movie is full of action.  This is not your typical vampire versus werewolves movie.  This movie has a lot of the action.  So if you are expecting a horror or science fiction film, then you may be disappointed.  If you enjoy a good action movie, with some awesome special effects, then this is the movie for you.   Selene is a beautiful vampire who has a major dislike for the Lycans (the werewolves).  She spends a great deal of time tracking and killing them.  Selene hatred of the Lycans stems from the fact they are responsible for killing her family, or so she thinks.  After an intense gun battle, Selene is trying to figure out why the Lycans are after a human named Michael.  The werewolves it turns out, have discovered a way to turn the war in their favor, by finding a human named Michael Corbin ( Scott Speadman). Michael has the genes necessary to survive a bite from both a werewolf and a vampire, which would help to create a species that would be deadly to the vampires.  She tracks this Micheal, but not before he is bitten by a Lycon.  Now he will become a Lycon, but Selene is drawn to him, and feels she must help Michael.    What I enjoyed about this movie is the use of the advanced technology used to during the fights.  They use high tech firearms, computers, and fancy cars.  The vampires even come up with a special bullet to kill the Lycans.  Kate Beckinsale is GREAT as Selene.  Even though he was a bad guy I was loving Raze.  What can I say?  I have a weakness for handsome black men with bald heads, and deep voices.    One of my favorite scenes is of Selene jumping off the building.  The way she jumps, lands, and then starts to walk without missing a step is just phenomenal!!!  I watch that scene about a 100 times because it's so amazing to me.  I enjoyed the movies plot twist, the dark themes, the action, this is a very stylish film.  The werewolves transforming and the way they run along the walls talk about WOW!!!  This is another movie where you find yourself actually rooting for the vampire instead of hating them.    This is an excellent movie, and the ending certainly left room for a sequel.  Every time I watch this movie, I discover something I missed during prior viewings.  After watching the film, you have to watch the extras.  Normally I don't pay too much attention to the extras, but for this movie I had to see Featurettes.  The Making of Underworld, Creature effects, stunts, and Sights and Sounds.    This is a movie you must have as part of your DVD collection.        