 I know people think this is a horrible film, and judging from the reviews I was actually nervous about watching it.  I took a chance and rented the movie to form my own opinion.  Three guys find out they will be fathers at the same time and try to deal with the changes that will occur in their life.  Lonnie (Eddie Griffin) is the nerd in the hood.  He is in love with Rolanda (Paula Jai Parker Friday, Phone Booth, Proud Family) who is a serious hoodrat, and lives with the momma hoodrat named Peaches.  Rolanda mistreats Lonnie every chance she gets.  He is working hard, but it's not enough, she wants him to give up more money, and he just takes it.  Not to mention while they having sex she is reading a magazine and faking it.  How pathetic is that?  G (Anthony Anderson) wants to be a boxer (now that in itself was comical) but he works for his girlfriends father.  Xi Xi's (Ling Bai Wild Wild West) father does not like G, and XiXi wants G to be more responsible now that they are about to become parents. Xi Xi expects G to give up his dream of becoming a boxer and help her with their child.  Dominic (Michael Imperioli, Sopranos) is a music exec who is a serious playa and not trying to settle down.  His one night stand with Nia (Joanna Bacalso, Snow Dogs, Woo) results in her expecting.  Nia wants to have the baby, and is very angry that Dominic does not want her to have the child.  Later in the film you find out that Nia is a Lesbian.  Guess being with someone like Dominic can lead you in that direction.      I have to say my favorite scene in the film that made me laugh out loud was the birthing class scene.  When the instructor says "Flatulence is normal during pregnancy" and Rolanda let's loose I could not help but laugh.  Rolanda is so ghetto and classless when the instructor says to get into a comfortable position she goes on her hands and knees with the rest of the class looking at her like she is a fool.  Which she was.    Then the instructor saying "Child birth is to be a loving blissfull and wonderful experience," which leads to Rolanda screaming her head off in the delivery room is hilarious.   Once the babies are born you get the usual funny scenes of trying to change the diapers, stopping them from crying, getting peed on, feedings and everything else that is involved with dealing with children.  G's character gets peed on twice by his son and crys "I'm going blind."  Can't help but chuckle at that, and then the poopy diaper scene is funny.  The guys still try to remain true to their bachelor lifestyles, and being fathers.  The men soon learn the two don't mix and they have to make some changes.  What was once priorities or important in their lives have to be shifted to accommodate being involved and loving fathers.    Lonnie changes his image and he finally gets a backbone and stands up to Rolanda.  I was so happy when he finally told her off!!  The money he was giving her for their child she was using it to shop, and I was so upset by that.   I also need to add the very beginning of the film is too cute with the animation as the introduction.    The main problem I did have the movie and will always have are the stereotypes.  The whole "Asian's can't speak proper English" is truly played out and not funny.  If Asians made fun of black stereo types there would be a major uproar and we all know it.  I also had issues that during that party scene where the babies manage to get out of the room after someone left the door open by mistake.  Not one person noticed the babies, ever!!!  That just did not seem very realistic to me.    The movie is not great, but there are some moments that will make you chuckle and some other moments I found funny.  I like the comedic spin of the movie, but the message is loud and clear.  You have to grow up, become a man and take care of your children!!!  It's worth a rental.  If watch this movie with no expectations you might find yourself surprised.  Method Man plays a character named No Good in the film and that's exactly what he was.  No Good!!!  I'm still trying to figure out how he could rob a toy store the way he did and not get in trouble?  John Amos plays Uncle Virgil in the film, the voice of reason and the father figure to Lonnie.  Mr. Amos is such a good actor.  I would really like to see him in better roles that display his talent.       