 The way the DL situation has been hyped up in the media and all the books coming out on the subject, you would think the DL was something that just started a few years ago.  I've known about it since I was in college and I've been out of college since 1993.  I read this book, and when I was done I was so happy I did not purchase this book.  Luckily I borrowed it from the library.  When I was done with this book, I realized I could be one of millions of women who would be looking at every single guy wondering "Is he or isn't he?"  This book can make you paranoid!!!!  The way JL King wrote this book you would think only some black men are on the DL.  That's not true.  Some men of all ethnic backgrounds could potentially be on the DL.  Former Governor McGreely (New Jersey) should be proof of that!!!   As alarming as the statistics are of black women getting HIV cases are, I refuse to believe it's because so many women are sleeping with men on the DL.  Let's hold some of the women accountable for not making the men they are not in committed relationships with wear protection.    I could not help but think "If J.L. King had not been careless, gotten caught by his wife, we would not be seeing this book on the shelves. Would he ever have to face the type of man he really is?"  I don't think he even knows to this day, because he refuses to put a "label" on what he is.  To think he had the mitigated gall to still want to make love to his wife once she knew.  I would not have let him touch me either!!!!    J. L. King breaks down the type of men who are or may be gay bisexual:  1.  Gay Man who is Proudly Gay, 2.  Closet Gay, 3.  Bisexual Man, and 4.  Down Low Man.    He seems to be under the delusion that it's easier for white men to be homosexual then black men.  "There have been several white movie stars, athletes, politicians and business leaders who have come out and continue to do their jobs without backlash.  It's a lot easier for white folks to accept homosexuality because they have their own "out".  Elton Johns, and Ellens.  They're not tripping."  Just because it appears white folks have their own "out" as he likes to put, does not necessarily mean they are more accepting.    If women are looking to this book hoping to get "clues" on how to spot a man on the DL, let me help you out.  YOU WON'T FIND ANY.  That's because there are no clues to be had.  You want to know if a man is on the DL, then you just need to ask the hard questions, and if you refuse to ask the hard questions, you have no business being in a relationship.  Plain and simple.  If the man you hope to possibly share your life and body with won't divulge information regarding his sexual past, then you need to run!!!!   J. L. King trying to use his "faith" as the reason for doing this was also laughable to me.  Because if he was all about his faith, he would have been honest with at least himself from the beginning.  Again, only reason he is doing this is because he was busted, and now he is trying to capitalize off his situation.  In addition he seems to go back and forth on the churches stand on bisexuality and homosexuality.  He wants the black churches to be more accepting.  How can they be more accepting, when he himself refuses to acknowledge he is a bisexual?  I also felt like he was trying to give tips about how to not get caught in subtle ways.  I'm not going to go into specifics, but those who read the book will know exactly the lines I speak of.   If J.L. King did anything is pretty much let women know don't be so desperate for a man that you ignore your own intuition.  The bottom line is single women such as myself have to be specific and state we are seeking heterosexual men who are not at war with their sexual identify.  Communicate, and don't be so quick to have sex!!!!  If this book does anything it will make people actually believe this situation does exist for those who refused to believe it.    Folks are saying practice abstinence.  If you are married, the last thing you are thinking about is abstinence, or having to use a condom, or even getting tested for HIV or any STD.  It is horrible to know that there are men out there who don't want to face what they are doing, they are willing to have unprotected sex with a man, then turn around have sex with his wife or girlfriend!!!!    I did agree with this statement J. L. King has in his book:  "By denying them the truth, I denied them the respect, honor and freedom of choice they were rightfully due."    The book is simply okay.  I would suggest borrowing it from your local library or a friend if they own it.  I don't think it's necessary to purchase.       