 I'm not a religious person, but when I saw this movie in the library I was curious and decided to give the movie a look.  Because I'm not catholic, there were certain aspects of the movie I did not understand, but I still thought the movie was interesting.  For some people the subject matter may be a bit much, especially during some of the more violent scenes.  This film should have been in the thriller genre in my opinion.  This is not a horror film, but a supernatural thriller.  The film really delves into religion, and pulls out things we never knew about God. The movie is visually stunning. Slow motion effects of blood and water drips splashing spookily, statues crying and brilliant makeup and special effects. The film has a message, and if you don't pay attention, you may not truly understand what that message is. The film is about a young woman Frankie Paige (Patricia Arquette), an atheist living in Pittsburgh, who is afflicted with the stigmata.  Which is unusual being that Stigmata's usually only occur in people who are devout.  Frankie starts going through this after receiving a gift from her mother.  Her mother on vacation in Brazil, sends her a rosary, that belongs to the recently deceased Father Alameida.  The Vatican sends in Father Andrew Kiernan (Gabriel Byrne) to investigate. Kiernan is not only a priest, but a scientist; his job is to travel the world and document alleged miracles or supernatural occurrences with overtones that may have some bearing on the Universal Church.    Watching Frankie receive the Christ like wounds in her feet and hands is very intense.  When you see what is happening to Frankie as it happened to God while he was on the cross, you feel like you can actually hear the whip lashing, or feeling the nails going into your wrists. That aspect of the film is pretty amazing to me. I've seen the Exorcist, and to me there is no comparison between the two movies.  Frankie is not demonically possessed.  She is possessed by the spirit of Father Alameida.  Nia Long(The Best Man, Fresh Prince of Bell air) and Portia DeRossi(Ally McBeal, Arrested Development) have small roles in this movie.    If you are into supernatural thrillers, are open minded, and like movies that are thought provoking, then this is an interesting movie to watch.     