 I liked the movie. The acting was okay, and I enjoyed the rap battles. Eminem really surprised me. When I first heard about him doing this project, I just rolled my eyes and said "great another hip hop artist, who thinks he can act". I mean just because Will Smith, Ice Cube, Mos Def, Queen Latifah, Heavy D, and LL Cool J......okay I digress. So some hip hop artist can actually act. His acting was actually okay. In fact if I had not known that this was his first acting role, I would have thought he had been acting for a while. He seems to be a natural. He did not over, or under act. He had me convinced each time he showed emotion. I was very impressed.     Jimmy "Rabbit" Smith Jr. is down on his luck. He has to move back to the trailer park with his mom, and his littler sister, and the unemployed man his mom is seeing. The guy hates Jimmy, and Jimmy hates the guy. Nothing deep there. Jimmy has a car that likes to break down on him, and when he attempts to battle someone, he gets cold feet. Of course that was not good, and Jimmy feels he ruined any chance of seeing his dream as a hip hop star materialize, and he will never get out of 8 Mile. He works at an auto plant trying to save enough money to be able to afford some studio time. He has a bunch of friends who are in his corner. He shows major compassion for his friend Cheddar, especially when his friend gets trigger happy and accidentally shoots himself. He never teases Cheddar, but makes sure he is okay. His other friend "Future" is the MC at the hip hop battles, and he sees big things in "Rabbit". He keeps encouraging Jimmy to do another battle, even though Jimmy does not have the confidence. His mom (Kim Bassinger) finds it more important to hid the fact she is about to get evicted from her boyfriend, then getting a job. The only way she seems to know how to get money is playing Bingo.     The scene that really touched me was watching his sister Lily screaming while Jimmy is getting beat up. Her role is small, but you could just tell from that scene, she loves her brother, and does not want anything bad to happen to him. You also saw his concern for her, and it made me think that's how he talks to his daughter in real life. The scenes he did with Lily showed his tenderness. I really did not see the significance for the role that Alex (Brittany Murphey) played. Too me if she had not been in the film, it would not have made a difference.     The movie is what it was meant to be. It was Entertaining and the extras were fun to watch. I laughed while watching the auditions for the extras to get in the battle scenes. Some of those folks were HORRIBLE, but again, it was fun to watch. You also get the video made for "superman" (I love that song!!! One of my favorites by Eminem). In fact after seeing the video, I actually bought his CD.     One of the things I really liked, when Jimmy finally wins his battle, and gets his props, what does he do? He goes back to work at the auto plant. You don't get the "sappy" happy ending. Of course I was really curious if he had a job to back to. I mean he wanted to get extra shifts, and when he finally get the shift he wanted, he leaves a few hours to do his battle. I know I'm not the only one who noticed that. Xzhibt had a small cameo, battling Jimmy during a lunch break scene.     This movie really surprised me, and I enjoyed it. It's one I would actually watch it again.        