 I'm not expecting, but one of my best friends is expecting her first child.  My coworker brought this book into work, and she said we had to read this book.  I had tears running down my face.  This book is a quick read and you can finish it easy in 1 - 2 days.  This book takes a light hearted look at pregnancy.  Pregnancy is a beautiful experience, but it was fun to read her frank and funny views on gas, the belly expanding, and the all so quiet topic of pooping on the delivery table.  There were so many moments when I laughed out loud and had to look around to make sure no one was looking at me all strange.    Some of her other funny stories includes; craving mustard, when she hated mustard.  Jenny liking mumus because nothing else fit.  Jenny having strange dreams while pregnant.  Dealing with hemorrhoids, weighing her breast.  Her trying to keep her boobs from hanging off the sides of the mattress due to their size.  Surrender to the maternity bra.  A pregnant woman's fart can truly bring a man to his knees.  I had to find tissue after reading that line.  I had so many laughing tears running down my face.  The different changes the body go through.  Crying for no reason due to hormonal changes,  and pregnancy stupids.  Skin changes, pregnant head, bad headaches and wanting to saw the head off.  Premature labor.  Hating skinny women.  How she panicked when the epidural wore off and her concerns was still "Am I pooping on the table."  Don't make a pregnant woman want to pee.    This book is not meant to be a pregnancy guide, it's meant to take a light hearted comical look at going through the pregnancy experience.  I mean the book is after all called Belly Laughs.  If you are expecting this book to have some new insight on pregnancy then you will be mistaken.  If you have a great sense of humor you will find yourself enjoying this book a lot.    This book will make you laugh and laugh some more.  I bought a copy for my best friend, and she loved it.  This book is hilarious!!!!!!!!      