 This film was all washed up!!!  I know it was a comedy and I did not have high expectations, but I only laughed during a few scenes.  The one when Sean was sitting on the toilet after eating a bad burrito, and the scene when DJ Pooh's character was being a bumbling criminal.  Oh yeah then there was the scene where all Shaq's character did was speak with his fist, and sent C-Money flying in the air.    Aside of that this movie was just dumb.  Dee Loc and Sean are friends that seem to spend more time arguing, and trying to party and they are one step from eviction.  Dre loses his job at the footlocker, and is trying to figure out where he will get his next gig.  He ends up getting a job at The Wash, meets the woman of his dreams, and Dee Loc keeps trying to mess up with Sean trying to fix up the mess.  Sean is the more responsible of the two, while Dee Loc is always trying to get over, or get his hustle on.  Due to non payment of rent, the landlord decides to cut the water off in their apartment.  The Wash is a car wash, and seems everyone who works there is working hard not to work, spending time watching BET on TV or stealing the lose money left in the customers cars.  Sean lies to a woman he meets at the Wash about what he does, but eventually the truth does come out.    Mr. Washington is kidnapped, Dee and Sean find a way to save him.  Mr. Washington is also having to deal with a disgruntled employee (Eminem) who spends the majority of the movie calling him and yelling into the phone like a nut case.  What really ticked me off was the way the movie just suddenly ended.  It left you going......is that it?    There was one scene that pretty much shows me how Ghetto and the lack of respect some women have for themselves and will settle for any type of behavior.   I just remembered on other scene that did make me chuckle a little.  One of the car wash guys is trying to use a customer's cell phone and it's the voice activated kind.  Instead of saying Four, he is saying foe and the voice on the phone says "Again fool."  The film was stupid, senseless and moderately funny.  If you are expecting this film to be anything near what Friday was you will be very disappointed.  I love comedies, but this one left me dry.  Lamont Bently (Moesha), Bruce Bruce, DJ Pooh, Kurupt, Xzibit, Truth Hurts, Tiny Lister (Friday, The Fifth Element), Angell Conwell (Soul Plane), Pierre(For Da Love of Money), Pauly Shore, Eminem have parts in the film.  One more thing.  I can't forget about Dee Locs dream sequence, translation some quick T&A for those that like that kind of thing.  I've seen the movie, I won't see it again, and this movie will never be a part of my DVD collection.       