 I usually enjoy horror movies.  The only thing horrific about this movie was that I actually sat through this cinematic piece of crap.  This movie was so bad, there are not enough words to describe how bad this film was. This movie did nothing but irritate me.    Two couples are on a road trip and make a stop for gas.  They go into this strange store that has all kinds of weird things, and they take a tour of this house of horrors and get a lesson on some of the notorious murderers including the local legend of Dr. Satan.  The tour was silly because the "ride" had to be pushed by some doofus.  As they leave their car develops a flat tire (someone shoots at their tire on purpose), and they end up at the house of a strange, strange family who just love Halloween.  Someone from this strange family fixes he car, and the couples leave, well they try to.  Before they can leave, they are attacked, and held hostage.  You would think the movie action would pick up, instead you may find yourself dozing off while watching this snoozer.  I had no interest in the victims or the villains in this movie.  There was nothing to hold my interest, and I could not wait for this movie to end.  Even the gory scenes where boring.  This movie is one big yawn fest.  The acting is terrible, horrible cinematography, and terrible directing.  There was this one line in the movie "You don't have to go to hell, this is hell, this is hell", well watching this movie is pure hell!  The family was sick in the head, not scary.  I need for a horror movie to scare me, make me squirm, jump a little, want to cover my eyes and peek through my fingers, gross me out a little.  This movie made me want to curl up and fall asleep.  I did nothing but yawn, and wonder is this horrible movie over yet.  The only highlight of this movie for me was when I recognized Walton Goggins (from the FX series The Shield) as Deputy Steve Naish.  Now when that is the only thing that will excite me in a film, it has to be bad.  If you are Rob Zombie fan, then you will probably like this movie, but if you are a die hard horror person like I am, you will not like this movie.  So do yourself a favor, don't rent it!!!!  Don't buy it.  If you buy this movie and don't like it you will only want to fling this movie out of your window.  The R Rating for this garbage of a movie should stand for Revolting.    Rent 28 Days Later.  At least that movie will keep your interest.    [...]     