 When I first found out this movie had a space theme to it I cringed and refused to watch the movie.  Jason X anyone?  Leprechaun 4?  Not to mention I hated Hellraiser 3 and vowed I would not torture myself by watching anymore of the series.  I finally gave in and watched and turns out this movie is much better then anticipated.  Only part of Bloodline takes part in space.  The majority of the movie actually gives us the origin of the box.  Dr. Paul Merchant is trying to destroy the box before it can cause more damage and continue to curse his bloodline.  Some military board the ship to take Merchant into custody.  Merchant starts to tell the story of how the box came to be and why he must destroy the box.  Turns out this box has been a curse to his family and if the hands of time could be turned back the dreadful box would never had been created.  Merchants ancestor Phillipe Merchant designed the box for a decadent of French nobleman who wished to use the box for evil.  After the Frenchman does some kind of ceremony, a demon named Angelique appears and starts to kill people.  This box becomes the curse of the Merchant bloodline and suffer each descendant of the clan will suffer the consequences.    As the movie progresses we meet John Merchant who is the next to be cursed by the box.  Angelique shows up, but so does pinhead.  When Angelique tries to showdown with Pinhead she looses and is turned into a cenobite.  By the time the movies ends many of the soldiers that boarded the ship are murdered by a dog like cenobite and fused pair of security guards (this effect is amazing!!!) before the final showdown, but I won't give away what happens.  Part of the appeal for me with the Hellraiser series is Pinhead and you don't get to see much of him in this film.  Hellraiser and Hellraiser 2: Hellbound will always be the best in the series.  The most you can hope for watching further installments of the Hellraiser series are peeks of Pinhead, some newer cenobites and the gore.    This movie is better than Hellraiser 3, but not better then Hellraiser or Hellbound.  In my opinion Bloodline is a worth a rental, but should not be considered a title you add to your home collection.       