 I really enjoyed this album. For a first effort she had decent production, and good song writing.    Personally I don't like the term "Baby Mama".  Everytime a guy says to me "I want you to be my baby mama" he finds himself alone after being told off.  I'm not aspiring to just be a Baby Mama, I want to be a WIFE, then a child's MOTHER,  but I digress.  I do understand why the song was made, and it does not promote promiscuity like some of the reviewers are claiming.  I seriously doubt this one song is going to have teenagers having sex.  There are other songs (R. Kelly, Jodeci, Nelly, 50 cent,  need I continue?), and videos on MTV and BET out there doing that.    If you really listen to this song it talks about the challenges of being a single mother, and being that my mother was a single mom (yes she was married, dad left), and supported three children on her own, and watching my sister raise her own daughter, I related to the songs lyrics.  I see ya payin' ya bills  I see ya workin' ya job   I see ya goin' to school   And girl I know it's hard And even though ya fed up With makin' beds up  Girl, keep ya head up   Here is another verse:  I see you get that support check in the mail Ya open it and you're like "what the hell" You say "this ain't even half of daycare" Sayin to yourself "This here ain't fair" And all my girls who don't get no help Who gotta do everything by yourself  Sadly this is the reality.  There are girls, young girls, and women having children and they are having to support these children by themselves, while the boys, young men and grown men sometimes do nothing or not enough.  Trying to make it seem like the woman got pregnant on her own.  It takes two to have a child, and there should be two people taking care of that child.    There are so many songs out there that discuss having money, spending money, strip clubs, it should have been expected that a song would come out about being a single mother.  I'm not surprised that Fantasia has this song on her album being she is a single mother. Even though I don't like the term, the song is NOT a negative song.    I also feel people need to stop condemning her and passing judgment.  The show is called American Idol, not American Role Model!!!  It's a singing competition!!!  She won and she has a wonderful album.   She only has to answer to God.   She is not the first single mother out there and won't be the last.   Fantasia has songs on this album you can dance to, and songs that will have you reassessing your relationships if you are in one.  One song in particular had me thinking about my ex (Truth Is).  Her rendition of Summer Time is phenomenal.    I'm not going to say that Fantasia is the better than any other Idol contestant out there.   Each Idol that won, or came close to winning have their own talents, and I'm sure they will do well should they pursue their dream to be in entertainment.   Idols like Clay Aiken have been blessed to release a CD and showcase their talents, and make their dream a reality.    Fantasia won, folks really need to get over it, and LET IT GO!!!!    My Favorite Songs I like to put on repeat: 1.  Ain't gonna Beg you 2.  Free yourself - written by Missy and background vocals by Missy 3.  Truth is 4.  Selfish feat Missy 5.  Summertime 7.  Got me waiting - Produced & Written by Jermain Dupree 8.  It's all good - Produced & Written by Rodney Jenkins 10.  Don't act right - Produced and Written by Rodney Jenkins (I LOVE this song)  11.  You were always on my mind Truth Is contains a sample of "The Highway of Life" by the Isley Brothers.    I really enjoy this CD, and it's a welcome addition to my CD collection.  I hope Fantasia has a long blessed career.  You go girl!!!       