 I will be the first to admit I thought buying reality TV shows on DVD would be a waste to own.  You pretty much know the outcome.  My opinion has changed since watching Season 1 of the Amazing Race on DVD.  One of my good friends kept talking about the show so much I finally started watching Amazing Race when season 5 started.  I've been hooked ever since.  I was very excited to see Season 1 of the show was being released on DVD and enjoyed it so much I'm going to buy my own season set.  Amazing Race always has something going on.  You don't have too many moments where the contestants are not doing anything.  Survivor is fun to watch during the run of the show, but after a while the camp segments can get a little dull.  I like the constant action of the task the Amazing Race contestants and trying to figure out who will make it to the pit stop in what order.  Amazing Race has teams of two people (husband wife, boyfriend girlfriend, engaged couples, etc, etc) who are given instructions and clues on where to go, to get their next clue, and have to finish a task to get yet, their next clue.  A Detour is a choice between two tasks.  One task might be easier, but you might have to drive further to get to it.  Picking the right task can mean the difference between coming in first, or last and possibly being eliminated.  For a Fast Forward you do a task that can help you find the fast forward to go straight to the pit stop bypassing the detour task.  Teams are only allowed to do a fast forward once during the game, so teams must choose wisely.    The thing about this show is you are competing with people you know, or think you know well.  This show can bring out the worst or the best of couples.  Fighting can create such turmoil you can lose the motivation to want to go further with your partner.   I'm sure a couple broke up when it was all said and done.  Even though it's easy to find out who won the race, you still find yourself reacting to what the contestants are doing like it's a brand new show.  I was often talking to my TV!!!   Some of the exotic locations traveled to were South Africa, Paris, Rome, India, and Thailand.    The best part had to be the last episode.  You think you know who will win, and when you see the actual team that does win, let's just say it will make you rewind the DVD to see where things went wrong.  This is simply an awesome show and I hope season 2-4 are released on DVD so I can catch up.  The Amazing Race is a wonderful show, and worth owning.       