 1. Over the Rainbow - Donna Hill  Jessica Morgan size 18 is the owner of a restaurant.  She likes Russell McDaniels, but is not sure if he likes her.  Turns out he was not sure how she felt about him, so Russell kept his desires to himself.  Russell is a freelance photographer.  Auntie Mama raised Jessica and her two sisters.  Bernadette, and Marcelle.  All they want is for their sister to be happy. New Magazine to come out called Living large.  Eleanor wants Russell to find the new face of Living Large magazine. He has two weeks to do it.   Russell thinks Jessica is that model.  Jessica has to make a decision that will change her life forever.  Jessical leaves her restaurant to become a model.    Eleanor tells Jessica that Russell's words are nothing more than just words. Jessica takes it to mean that Eleanor is in love with Russell.  Jessica is cold to Russell and it's really, really hard to do because she does love Russell.  Eleanor let's Jessica know she wants Russell and Jessica is taken aback.  I thought the ending was very nice, and I loved how Russell and Jessica defy Eleanor.   2.  Tempting Fate  - Brenda Jackson  If I could give this story a 10 I would!!!!  Blake Savoy is on a much needed vacation in Alexandria, VA.  Tonya his favorite cousin needs a big favor.  Tanya started a lingerie company called Tonya's temptations for full figured women.  She needs Blake to take pictures of a model.  She needs to have him take pictures of model Justice Manning.  Justice is a huge commitment phobe, but she wants to try and change her attitude regarding relationships.  She finds out her ex is marrying someone else after she turned him down.  Justice is a size 16.  Blake has not been with a woman since divorcing his wife who he caught cheating.  He has not wanted to be serious with a woman at all.  Blake and Justice fall in love, but keeps their feelings to themselves.  Blake says nothing, because he knows how Justice feels about commitment.  Justice speaks to her mother and she realizes she has to take a chance, or risk losing Blake forever. This story was hot!!!  The love scenes between these two were so sizzling I would love to meet a Blake of my own!!!  Whew!!!  3.  When wishes come true - Monica Jackson  Topaz singer is celebrating her 30th birthday with her friends, Cherice, Rosaline and Brandy. Topaz makes a wish for true love.  Her high school sweetheart appears.  Ray Gains is with his cousin Jonathan Brnum.  Topaz is under the impression Ray is her wish come true.  Jon has had a crush on Topaz for a long time and he really cares about her.  Seeing Topaz has made his crush on her come alive once again.  Topaz is so thinking that Ray is the one for her she has no idea how much Jon really feels.  Dancing with Jon they are in perfect harmony, and then Ray comes and messes up their groove.    Ray looks at being with Topaz as a business arrangement.  Topaz wants to be alone with Ray, but is having a hard time.  Topaz tries one more time for sparks with Ray, and he is not up to the task.  Ray should have been "man" enough to be honest about what his intentions are.  The story ended nice, and Topaz was finally able to realize that Jon, not Ray was her dream come true.    4.  The Wright Woman - Francis Ray  Michael is a landscaper and it's his own business.  Michael has been single since April Carter. April Carter is beautiful, successful, and a big gold digger.  He kept meeting women that liked his money, more then they liked him.  He wanted to find a woman that was into him.  Michael is looking for his shopaholic mother.  Walks into Texas chic and is smitten with the Associate manager Stephanie.  Stephanie is a size 20.  Michael said he did not want a wife, but a nice trust worthy girlfriend.  Michael is trying not to place Stephanie in the same category as his ex girlfriend April.  Stephanie is nervous about opening up her heart.  Their relationship grows and Michael is struggling to keep his feelings in check, but he realizes the fight is futile.  He is trying to figure how to tell Stephanie he owns his own business.  When he does tell her she is angry he did not trust her enough to share that and not think she was a gold digger.   I loved how this story progress.  They dated and things did not get physical right away.  This was an excellent story by Francis Ray and it flowed nicely.  I usually don't like her work, but I enjoyed this story immensely.       