 I've been hearing about this book for years, and finally had an opportunity to read this book. I wanted to see for myself what all the fuss was all about. I will be in the minority, this book is very overrated!!!!     The title does not just describe the season. It describes Winter Santiaga to a tee!! She is a conniving, vindictive, shallow, scheming, and extremely selfish!! Winter continued to make bad judgment, after bad judgment, and instead of realizing she was making stupid mistakes, kept making bad decisions and getting into even more trouble. She had a "use what you got to get what you want" attitude, and I was waiting for her to end up shaking her butt in a strip club somewhere. I mean she may as well, the way she acted when she "thought" she was having sex with who she thought was GS. She had no respect for herself what so ever, the way she was whoring around. It was deplorable. She used her body on more than one occasion and got played each time. When she was turned on by a guy who had some gold teeth in his mouth I realized "Winter is a serious hood rat!!!!"     She also turned her back on her friends when they needed her, all to make sure she had money to buy the latest outfits? SHALLOW!!!! At first I really felt sorry for Winter. Lost her home, her family, her mom gets shot, and eventually ends up a crackhead. Talk about the irony of it all. Mom ends up on the opposite end of the lifestyle that had her living the lush life at one point. Her father ends up in jail. As I continued to read the book, my anger just increased. Having the latest outfit was more important then having a roof over her head, or making sure her Aunt had some money. I mean she was staying with her aunt, she could have offered to give her a little money for food. She has to show out by taking a limo to a concert, instead of taking public transportation. She wanted what she wanted, and it had to be right now, so getting a regular job was not acceptable to her. I wanted to holler when she hooked up with Bullet. He was keeping her prisoner, and she was too stupid to realize it. As long as he kept bringing home the money, she was happy. DUMB GIRL!!!     On one hand Winter's father was trying to protect his child, by trying to keep her away from the very thing that gave his family the life of "luxury" they loved so much. You would think while going through all her trials and tribulations, that Winter would realize that there are negatives to being in that type of life. She would not open her eyes at all. All she saw was the glitz and glamour. I totally blame her parents for that.     Winter turned her back on her "friend" Simone. I did not blame Simone for going after her, but Simone also needed to take responsibility for being a thief!! Winter felt she was totally justified in not lending her the money to bail Simone out of jail, Simone was in jail for trying to life a suit for Winter!!! Yet again another example of Winter's selfish nature.     Winter was so stupid she was going around having unprotected sex. Then getting all surprised she ended up pregnant, and then (hello Calling Maury Povich we need a paternity test) she had have an abortion because she was clueless about who the father was.     The character I would have liked to learn more about was Midnight, he was an intriguing character.     This book will keep your interest, I cannot deny that. Which is why I gave it two stars. I wanted to see if by the end of the book, would Winter finally wise up and make some better decisions. Instead by the end of the book she is in jail just like her father, and when she has the chance to actually open her mouth and help prevent someone else from going down the same path she did, she chooses to keep her mouth shut. Winter frustrated me to the very end of the book.     Winter had such an interest in looking good, she could have carved out a more positive career choice for herself as a stylist, opened her own beauty shop (she did hair while living at the group home), she could have been a fashion designer. I wanted so much for Winter to see the error of her ways, and turn her life around.     The one question that was not clearly answered was did Simone have or lose her baby?     I wonder what could have happened if Winter had gotten on that bus and gone to Maryland instead of letting Bullet pick her up?     This book details how one young person can make all the wrong decisions. It also shows you the price you can pay for becoming materialistic and uneducated. In the end Winter Santiaga got exactly what she deserved!!!! Winter never took accountability for her actions. Had she done so, perhaps her out come would have been different.          