 When I first started reading this book, I did not think I would like it.  I hung in there, and by the end of the book I was very happy I read it.  This book starts off a little slow, but when the action starts to get going, you will eagerly turn the pages until you finish the final page.   Blinking red light is a story that centers around Dex and his cousin who remains nameless throughout the book.  Going forth I will call him Mr. No Name for the rest of the review. Instead of getting regular jobs, they sleep with women for money.  Turns out it's a way for Tony, the guy who sets them up with the jobs to blackmail the male clients.  He tapes Dex and Mr. No Name having sex with women.  They are making pretty good money.  When Tony turns up dead, Dex and Mr. No Name have to do some quick thinking because they are the prime suspects in Tony's murder.    The cops start looking to question the two, they leave town quick.  Dex will have sex with any female.  They were staying with a friend of Mr. No Name named Kam, and Dex sleeps with Kam's woman.  Because of Dex's stupidity, Dex and Mr. No name had to make a quick get away.  Dex set up a gig in North Carolina to have sex with 3 wives for a total of $4,500.  The money is ripped off and they leave North Carolina with nothing, or that's what Dex wants Mr. No Name to think.    Dex double crosses his own cousin.  Dex has gotten Mr. No Name involved in some serious stuff, and he is fighting to keep his name clear.  Dex and another friend end up on a gay website, so off they return to North Carolina to teach the guy a lesson.  Archie is found and told to get those pictures off the website or else.  Onyx a woman Mr. No name likes says to him "I see the God in You.'  Of course she had no idea what type of man he really was, but she will find out soon enough.  Archie is Bill Larchwood a well known man in North Carolina.   Turns out Sergeant is a freek a leek!!!  Poor Mr. No Name ends up getting a beat down for something Dex did. He realizes being associated with Dex is nothing but trouble.    The book ends with this right out of the movie action scene that had me turning the pages so quickly I thought they would catch fire!!!!  What I liked is Mister Mann Frisby was able to weave a story that has a powerful message in it, without taking away from the enjoyment of the story.  That message is if you continue to make wrong choices, you will have to pay the price.  It's okay to make a change for the better. I even liked how the book put in some spirituality into the story line.  It was subtle, but powerful.  The twists and turns in this book will have you reading this book with serious anticipation.  Dex is the type of guy who is so vindictive, so sneaky, so ruthless.  He will stop at nothing to get what he wants, he does not care who he hurts in the process.  That includes his own family members!!!    This book has some comedic moments, drama, action, backstabbing, and more drama.    The only thing that threw me off was a slang word.  I finally looked up the word "jawn" on [...] and found out the term had multiple uses.  Jawn - a word used by Philly people to describe anything and everything.   That and the use of Boaw is the reason I'm giving it a rating of 4.  I also noticed he pulled a Sister Soldier and put himself in the story, but it was real quick.  I also thought it was odd for the main character to not have a name.  Initially I thought I missed it, and started reading the book over.  You will appreciate this book even if you are not from Philladelphia (nicknamed "Illadelphia").    I'm looking forward to reading Wifebeater.  I hope someone considers making Blinking Red Light into a movie.  Because those last few chapters need to be up on the big screen.  Blinking Red Light is most definitely one of the better Urban books out there.       