 Reviewing this book, as well as actually reading it, is no easy task.  I have very mixed feelings about it, which in itself is not that uncommon, except for the fact that these feelings are diametrically opposed to each other.  How do you review and rate a book when you both loved and hated it?  On one hand, Heller is without a doubt a superb writer, and Bob Slocum is a profound, complex, and extremely real character.  The novel is very well written and allows you to dive deeply into Slocum's mind and also into his (lack of) soul.  There is a certain hypnotic effect that takes place as you are getting to know Slocum.  At times, Heller helps himself by developing Slocum through repetition.  Many times will themes, dialogues, and ideas be repeated, which may become boring to some extent.    On the other hand, this novel left me with a sense of complete emptiness.  In my opinion a good book is one that makes you feel strong emotions, regardless of whether they are positive of negative...so strictly by my own definition, this is a good book.  How rewarding is it?  Very little....  Regarding the book's plot, it is practically nonexistent.  I would not have liked to have to write a book report on Something Happened, and be expected to complete a section or chapter called Plot!    To be quite frank, with Heller's reknown wit, I was expecting a more humorous book.  This turns out to be one of the saddest books I have read in a long time.  Slocum is the kind of person that nobody wants to be but a whole lot of people turn out to be.  He doesn't love, or need, or cherish, or value anything.  He is truly a character without a soul.  Is the novel worth the time you have to put into the 560+ pages?  I'd have to reluctantly say.....yes.  I've read many books which try to satirize the american dream and the modern way of life, but this one goes too far.  However close to real life this book may be, I like to think my son will grow up in a world where the imense majority of people laugh, love, dream  and care deeply about someone or something....  Finally, if you're depressed, wait until you're happier to pick up this book....it may develop suicidal tendencies.     