 I have to agree with what most reviewers say about Camus' THE PLAGUE:  it is definitely not an easy book to read.  If I had to describe the book in a simple phrase, it would have to be something like: an existentialist account of a series of profound Dostoevskian characters facing the utmost adversity, a relentless plague, which is an allegory of the evil mankind faces on a daily basis.  It is absolutely inevitable for me to compare THE PLAGUE with Jose Saramago's BLINDNESS, and the latter is, in my humble opinion, a much better novel.  Saramago's book is much less existentialist and in exchange provides a huge dose of magical realism.  It deals with a nameless and timeless city, where all of a sudden the population starts going blind, for no apparent reason whatsoever.  Dr. Rieux, Camus' main character, is an atheist who apart from that lacks all type of passion and feeling.  He faces the plague in a cool and heartless manner, which simply does not touch me as a reader. Rieux represents a heavy combination of character complexity with an existentialist view of life.  He is the absolute anti-hero by definition.  Even though he is the one that takes the bull by the horns, he does it simply because he has to do his job.  There is absolutely no room for hope in this poor man's soul.   As a Nobel laureate, one cannot ignore the fact that Camus is an excellent writer, but he also the type of writer which some people love, and others, like me, do not enjoy that much.  I guess one's opinion regarding THE PLAGUE has a lot do with the reason why one reads.  I read to enjoy myself, to be transported to other places and times, to feel, love, hate and hope with the characters.  I guess if I read the novel, rereading every single page and profoundly analyzing each thought and sentence, I'd have a more positive opinion of THE PLAGUE, but that's not the way I like to read....  I like books which transmit passions, both positive and negative.  THE PLAGUE simply fell very short...     