 Colleen McCullough has entertained and educated millions to the intricacies of politics in the late Roman Republic, and her touch hasn't failed in this last and perhaps most difficult of her books.  Caesar has illumined the series from its first book, although Marius, Sulla, and the robust characters of the early books rightly took center stage.  Caesar is McCullough's conduit character through whose eyes and actions much of the collapse of the Republic occurs.  Now she must deal with his murder.  How to do this and yet keep the flow of the book going? We all know what will happen on the Ides of March, but it's how to do it that presents the challenge.  I thoroughly enjoyed how McCullough deals with every aspect of Caesar's last years.  She handles his achievements and disappointments fairly and, interestingly, comes up with arguable explanations for many of Caesar's last actions which argue that he never intended, indeed, to become king, and does wonderfully drawing the various sordid and idealistic motives (more of the former than latter) which motivated the assassins.  As usual, the plot is action-packed, the characters vivid and varied, and based upon substantial research into original historical sources. Caesar's murder is so well done that you almost forget how the action will end. McCullough takes risks in her portrayal of several characters, but has enough understanding of the sources to back herself up.  Cleopatra's character and her love affair with Caesar - which, during the Egyptian war, essentially takes up the first third of the book - is the antithesis of conventional Hollywood casting, but the Queen is far more compelling than any mere sex kitten.  Caesar's motivations are similarly not romanticized.  Brutus, Cassius, Decimus Brutus, Antony . . . all but the latter follow patterns discernable in earlier books, but McCullough takes major risks with her reading of Antony's character and - while I don't quite agree - it makes a great deal of sense in terms of the known history.  Finally, Cato - whom I've always loathed - becomes almost a sympathetic character in his final great days and much relatively obscure history is made fresh and vivid while doing so.  And even clucking, insecure Cicero will find his finest hour in this book. One by one we watch the beloved familiar characters exit the stage.  One by one, McCullough sketches the new world that will soon control Rome now that Caesar is gone.  Of these, her triumph is her portrayal of young Octavius Caesar, soon to become Octavian, later Augustus.  She makes him as fascinating a character as the young Caesar, although very different.  Her insights into his character, courage, and weaknesses strikes me as remarkably perceptive.  You find yourself wishing she'd write another six books to carry us through the long Augustan age, and yet she finds a natural FINIS to her saga following the Battle of Phillippi, when Caesar's death is avenged and the obvious struggle between Antony and Octavian is prefigured. Altogether a fine book, and a fitting farewell to her remarkable six-volume portrayal of the dying Republic.   Suzanne Cross Web Author, Julius Caesar: The Last Dictator     