 I've read all Saylor's books since "Roman Blood" over a decade ago, and have watched him deepen in texture and subtlety in the process.  His marvelous fictional detective, Gordianus the Finder, is a Roman private eye in Rome during the time of Julius Caesar and the late Republic.  Saylor has always been (unlike many others in the "Roman gumshoe" novels, now so popular) meticulous in his research and takes a given historical set of facts, then plays with their possibilities without straying from history as we know it.  However, of the history we do know, there is much that can be questioned, and no one is better at finding out the truth than Gordianus. I have noticed, particularly since his "Last Seen in Massilia," that Saylor seems to have lately gone beyond simply writing a good historical mystery, which may account for some reviewers' who don't like this book for precisely the reason I find it one of his best. Saylor no longer hangs his entire plot around a murder, but has branched out, as his fictional characters have developed, into a more mature and complex web.  At the same time, the actual historical period he's entered is one of the most amazing periods in all world history - the Civil War brought on between Caesar and the Republicans, after Caesar crosses the Rubicon.  Many long books ago, Gordianus' adopted son, Meto, became a staff aid to Caesar when he was just another ambitious general in the provinces.  Now, of course, it's 48 BC and Caesar, having destroyed Pompey's armies, rules the Roman world. Personal events bring Gordianus and his wife, Bethesda, to Alexandria just at the time that Pompey has fled there after his defeat by Caesar at Pharsalus, seeking to grasp Egypt's riches to save his cause.  Caesar follows hot on his heels, with much the same plan.  Gordianus, Meto - even Bethesda - are caught in this web of shifting allegiance, lies, betrayal, high politics, and stunning world characters; thus this book becomes much more than just a simple murder mystery.  Gordianus is strengthened in his character of the staunch Republican who prefers truth to diplomatic truths and integrity to self-aggrandizement - but you will see what it brings him in this new, raw, Roman world. I've studied much about Alexandria in Caesar's time, but I recall no book that made me 'see' its magnificent streets and temples, its tempestuous mobs and tortuous rulers, as clearly as Saylor does in "The Judgment of Caesar."  Just as his plots are much richer than before, so the very title speaks to many facets of the plot - the most important being, how Caesar's judgments, large and small, right or wrong, are now capable of changing the Roman world. Whether adversaries succeed in twisting his judgment, is part of the fun of the story.  The murder is integral to the story and I found it well written and well solved; but it's only one of the pleasures of this book. I've written at length on Caesar, Pompey, and Cleopatra in my own web site, but Saylor also finds a fascinating twist in his view of King Ptolemy - and deftly weaves that into the facts of history as we know it, as if he was painting in the backdrop for historical characters to strut before.    I would highly recommend this book for those who want a good touch of mystery, but far more well-written fictional history.  Saylor just gets better. S. Cross Web Author, Julius Caesar: The Last Dictator     