 I've known generally about Richard I, Saladin, and the Third Crusade for years, and thought this book would fill in the gaps by focusing on this extraordinary adventure and its two legendary protagonists.  Up to a point, it was informative, although Mr. Reston's flip and jazzy tone began to jar upon me fairly early on.  I suppose he's trying to make history "interesting" - but this period is, without having to be stylistically cute. What really bothers me about this book is that it purports to tell both sides of the story - the Crusaders who thought they were "saving" the Holy Land, the Muslims who believed equally passionately that they must defend it - and manages, instead, to portray this marvelously complicated piece of history as a black-and-white case of good vs. evil.  And quite clearly, the European Crusaders are the bad guys, Saladin and the Arabs the good guys.  That's a valid point of view - heaven knows, there are (sadly) a lot of books which try this simplistic approach the other way around - but this book is attempting to present itself as history.  In any history, when the author's own private feelings and agenda are so clearly displayed that the facts become twisted, you haven't got history - you've got an editorial.  I not only cannot recommend this book, I'm really irritated with it and with those that don't see that Reston is not being objective one little bit.  To illustrate the point, let me contrast some descriptive words and phrases Mr. Reston uses repeatedly to describe the two sides.  I got fascinated at what he was doing and started jotting them down mid-way through the book.   Europeans: Strutted, boasted, ferocious, dispute, confused, greedily, besotted, inept, hypocritical, homosexual, cunning, squabbles about money, preposterous greed, stubborness, slaughtered, vainglory, whining, atrocious, bruality. Arabs: Devout, generosity, serenely, calm, purity of motives, peaceful, bravery, vigilance, estimable, distinguished, courageously, stouthearted, dignity, pride, valor, magnificence. PUH-LEEZE.  I personally find it horrible to read about what passed for Christianity during the Crusades.  I've always thought Saladin was a remarkable and fascinating leader and never much cared for Richard Lion Heart. But to turn Richard I into nothing more than a blustering, brutal homosexual braggart (Reston dwells on his supposed sexuality as established fact again and again) while Saladin's behavior is ever learned, tolerant and serene, just insults my intelligence.  Life is never that simple and history is never that two-dimensional. Read this book for the facts of the Crusade and for its many fascinating quotations from the Koran, and try to ignore the agenda - but it isn't easy.     