 The novel begins, "Julien Barneuve died at 3:28 on the afternoon of August 18, 1943.  It had taken him twenty-three minutes exactly to die..."  From that moment on I found this one of the unforgettable novels I've ever read.  I, too, delighted in "An Instance of the Fingerpost," although its mysteries were, I thought, resolved in a manner I could not believe.  This novel is yet more sophisticated and with a surer touch as well as a darker vision.  It is certainly not for those who want a fun beach read but the thoughtful reader will delight in it. Earlier reviewers have noted the strengths of the novel, its three-level plot structure in which what Manlius Hippomanes and his inspiration, Sophia, do in Gaul as the Roman Empire dies around them is inextricably linked to a romantic medieval poet in Avignon and a cynical intellectual in post-WWI France who is coaxed into joining the Vichy regime.  All three stories are tied by strong threads of continuity - the most important being a work by Manlius in which he attempts philosophically to resolve questions between neoplatonic vision and Christian dogma.  800 years later, Olivier de Noyen will try to understand it, as will the modern character, Julien, as war breaks out with Germany in 1940.  It may sound dull - trust me, it is not.  What I know about neoplatonic thought could be written on a finger's end.  What is required is journey for the reader into ancient and modern life when one way of life is dying about you and a violent new one is being born, and the kinds of choices you make to survive.  All this is exemplified by very real characters confronting real crises and what happens to them - and those around them - because of the kinds of decisions they make.  I can't give away the ending but I found the last paragraph almost unbearably poignant and in tune with the symphony Pears' has composed.   Each character has a woman - perhaps the same woman, there are threads hinting this playfully - who inspire them to examine themselves.  The novel's theme again and again, whether shown in art, literature or life, is the blind man, seeking . . . whether love, truth, or honor is deliberately ambiguous.  Each man loses what he loves through the choice he makes.  I suspect this book might be harder for those who know or care nothing for history; if you knew nothing about the slow decline of the Roman Empire, the Black Death and early Christianity, or the collaborators in France who worked with the Nazis, you might lose a lot of the resonance Pears imparts. But many people loved "Fingerpost" without being experts in that arcane time either, and I like to think this book will be even more highly praised.  Personally, I found it superior. A wonderful experience.     