 Gillian Bradshaw's newest, "Render unto Caesar," came yesterday and I just finished it - it's that good. I'm a fan of all of her books and admire her ability to create three-dimensional characters set in ancient Rome, Athens, Alexandria, or Britannia, but I think this book is at the very top of her form. Set in the mid-period of Augustus' reign, Hermogenes, a young Greek merchant from Alexandria who has "purchased" and very proud of his new Roman citizenship, comes to Rome to settle the problem of a debt, inherited from his uncle, from a wealthy Roman who, it turns out, is now Consul of Rome Hermogenes thinks, as a respectable Roman citizen, he can politely demand payment under Roman law and all will be well. What happens, however, when he asks the powerful Lucius Tarius Rufus for his 450,000 sesterci debt, sets a plot in motion that is as enticing as any thriller while full thought-provoking historical questions that will intrigue and puzzle.  Bradshaw's book is centered in a very real sense of just what real life might have felt like in ancient Rome, from what a wealthy man ate at a dinner party to the refuse and fleas of a fourth-rate insula room for rent.  Hermogenes is a fascinating and ultimately admirable character, deeply committed to the idea of Roman justice, proud of his citizenship - yet a Greek from Alexandria in the generation just after Actium and Cleopatra when Greeks were despised as effete and Egyptians as subhuman.  His adventures and dangers in Rome feel satisfyingly three-dimensional, without any of that unfortunate trend towards setting a "2003 plot in a toga" that mar some Roman efforts.  Bradshaw's scholarship is impressive, and invisible.  From the smells and sounds of the early-morning Roman market to what multi-millionaires do to recalcitrant slaves (feed them to the lampreys, which is historically accurate!), Hermogenes dwells in a concrete time, space, and growing danger.  And throughout, the question resonates - what does it mean to be a Roman citizen?  And is it more, or less, than being a free man in a free country? The plot twists and turns with no simple answers but driven by the pacing of the characters themselves. If you only read one book about ancient Rome this year, make it "Render Unto Caesar."  You'll never feel quite the same way again about the Rome of Augustus and the "Pax Romana."     