 I'm currently self-studying Alexander, and I chose this rather pricey book because I really wanted to learn why there are so many images, so many different images, of Alexander that have survived from ancient history.  I had read multiple biographies, but there is something about the face of any historical figure that teases and intrigues; yet Alexander's many faces are confusing rather than enlightening.  I also wanted to understand why this world conqueror's image kept appearing on coins and many other artifacts for centuries after his death.  I rather suspected, however, that I was getting an "art book" way over my head.  This book turned out to be one of the most percipient and fascinating books I've read on Alexander, precisely because Andrew Stewart brings not only the arcane expertise of a world-class art student to his task, but has the important facts of Alexander's life and the conflicting sources about it at his fingertips.  My own personal way of making a note of perceptive comments I want to re-read, is to take that paragraph with a colored tab.  The whole book is littered with tabs, and I now feel my perception of both Alexander the man, Alexander the man as he wished to appear to his world, and Alexander the man as he lived on in legend and accomplishment, is highly enhanced by Stewart's book.  This volume must contain every single image of Alexander in statuary, bust, painted pottery, rings, jewels, and coins that can be found; it has a description for each; it lists every source in ancient literature in which Alexander's image is discussed; it covers how he looked, how his image changed, how he controlled that image for political and social purposes, and much more.  It is a treasure trove for those who want to learn more about this most fascinating mortal.  Highly recommended; I am most grateful for Stewart for sharing his expertise so well that even a learner can find multiple new impressions and a much clearer vision of both the face, and the man.     