 I was lucky enough to be in Britain at midnight, June 21/22, when every child and half the adults of Harry's native land appeared to be at bookstores grabbing HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX off the shelves.  Having a long series of train journeys that weekend, I finished its hefty 870 pages in under 36 hours.  As I did so, I imagined millions of readers just like me, unable to put the book down, delighted that Rowling's creative imagination continues to astonish, and that Harry's story yet again takes us into country we could hardly imagine.  Harry's different almost from the first pages of this book - all those adolescent traumas we recall, the sense of rage and frustration at being treated like a child when the young adult demands attention, the worries about Voldemort and what appears to be a conspiracy to undermine Dumbledore and others fighting against him, his own insecurities, the stupidity of the Ministry of Magic which, ostrich-like, keeps its head in the sand and refuses to accept that the Wizarding World is once again in terrible danger.  Throughout, he must focus on "what to do with the rest of his life," with the upcoming O.W.L. examinations which lead inevitably to a grown-up career.  The 'good guys' (including Sirius, Mad-Eye Moody, Lupin, and several new characters) who belong to the "Order of the Phoenix" turn out to be both more and less than Harry had once believed.  Good and bad are now seen in shades of grey, not black and white.  Most importantly, Harry discovers something about his father that upsets him terribly, and although we know that the truth is not yet fully revealed, his sense of insecurity is palpable.  Hogwarts itself is taken over by those who will stifle the truth at any cost and Dumbledore seems powerless to stop it.  The split between fighting Voldemort and those denying he exists even strikes the Weasley family, and the book ends with a bitter and terrifying battle in which a major character is betrayed to Voldemort's never-ending efforts to destroy.  Yet with all the dangers, the book finds its own positive ending in which much has been lost, but the best remains. Amidst these serious challenges, Rowling's light-hearted imagination triumphs, full of wonderful images of bad-hearted house-elves, getting pesky doxies out of the curtains thanks to Gilderoy's Lockhart's "Guide to Household Pests," the final comeuppance of the infuriating Inquisitor, Dolores Jane Umbridge (one of the best villain-esses ever penned), career-announcements such as "HAVE YOU GOT WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURUITY TROLLS?" and infinitely more.  Meanwhile, Harry learns that he can find sympathy even for Professor Snape and the Dursleys, while his true friendships are what will help him survive as we travel deeper into the perils of Voldemort. The Disillusionment Charm works both ways.  While the humor and imagination is still triumphantly in evidence, HP5 continues Harry's journey into adulthood with sensitivity, understanding, humor, fright, change and loss. The boy who comes out of the book is still the Harry we love, but strengthened, older, and learning all the time.  Meanwhile, Voldemort is even more frightening and the challenges our heroes face are no longer those of childhood. As in all her books, Rowling shows an amazing sensitivity to the concerns of our young heroes in each stage of their Hogwarts life.  I can't believe Rowling pulled it off AGAIN (after all the doubts and the long wait) but she's as surely on the right track as ever, and now we must all wait with unbelievable impatience to see what Harry Does Next.     