 Radicalism and utopian thinking have withered away, according to Jacoby, in favor of a broad consensus that the good society incorporates a welfare state, a decentralized power structure, a mixed economy, and political pluralism.  The collapse of Communism eviscerated radicalism and enfeebled liberalism, removing its vitality and its backbone.  He would like to see a rejuvenated utopianism that would provide models of a radically different and better society, but he is never remotely specific about what he means by that, blithering about vague "possibilities of freedom and pleasure hardly tapped" and similar piffle.  Mostly, I think, he wants to see a rejuvenated liberalism.  He does not seem to notice that the consensual good society he describes is mostly a product of a successful liberal agenda; really new ideas by definition would have to go in some different direction.   He takes on the multiculturalists and obscurantist intellectuals without mercy, and those chapters are well-written and fun to read.  But when, in the final chapter of the book, he tries to sum up his argument for utopianism and why the idea has receded from public discussion and intellectual discourse everything falls apart. He does not find it plausible that the general disenchantment with utopian thinking is the result of humanity's miserable experience with it in practice during the 20th Century.  He conveniently defines Nazism as outside the utopian tradition, which is debatable, and I suppose he'd do the same arabesque with respect to the societal vision of the Islamist fundamentalists.  That won't work for Communism, of course, a problem he solves by simply not talking about it and the 100 million or so deaths it caused.  He insists on comparing the perfection of utopian fantasies with the faults of actually-existing societies: "[Thomas More's] sketch of the future, now almost five centuries old, still stands light-years ahead of advanced industrial civilization."  Amazing stuff.  His notion of what constitutes a utopian project is ideological and myopic.  Why isn't the spread of liberal democracy to oppressed peoples a worthy utopian project?  Finally, his version of utopian thinking seems to admit only his own standard-issue liberal methodologies; nowhere is there any acknowledgment of the possibility of free-market approaches to societal improvement or transformation. An often entertaining read through a badly flawed argument.     