 Mack's version of Galilee in the time of Jesus depicts it as a very turbulent and ethnically-mixed place, where traditional authority structures of all kinds had broken down or were being questioned. Out of this situation arose the idealistic, hippie-like Jesus People who would create the hypothetical texts identified as the `Gospel of Q'.  These Q People were not Christians, at least to start with, but they helped to lay the mythological foundations of what would become Christianity.  Mack goes to great pains to argue that the cultural context of Galilee was only very minimally Jewish, and that the early followers of Jesus were an ethnically very mixed bunch; those are puzzling and tendentious claims, to say the least. In the Epilogue, however, we discover that Mack has a deep ideological commitment to the dream of a peaceful and cooperative multicultural world, and he sees Christianity as it eventually developed as a contributor to zealous nationalism, colonialism, and other disastrous policies and behaviors.  The Q People, as Mack conceives of them, represent the multicultural possibility that might have been but which, alas, was not to be.  He thinks that the more we know about Q, the more that orthodox Christianity will be debunked and liberalized; the challenge to Christians offered by his version of Q "is therefore an invitation to join the human race."  The Jesus movement responsible for the Q writings was a local Galilean version of Greek Cyncism, aimed at creating a simple, natural, experimental, and unconventional mode of living, one focused on individual freedom.  These folks were not out to change society, reform Judaism, or fight the Roman occupation; they were merely attempting to live a radically new kind of liberated life-style, one not circumscribed by religious or ethnic distinctions but open to all.  Jesus was recognized as the founder and wisdom sage of the community, its guru.  But this counter-cultural program soon ran into conflict with unenlightened society, perhaps especially with local Pharisees.  In self-defense, movement adherents entered upon an intensive program of myth-making, aimed at creating a self-justifying scriptural rationale for their own legitimacy.  In something like an ironic practical joke, the sacred scriptures of their conventionally-minded critics were cunningly used to re-imagine and recast Jesus from wisdom sage into apocalyptic prophet, messiah, and eventually, divine Son of God.  It was this conspiracy of deliberate fabrication (the writers are described as "probably smiling all the while") that ended up getting completely out of hand and creating Christianity.  Bummer. Mack believes that the whole story can be seen in Q, if you know how to recognize, read, and interpret its various layers.  This is a book best read as an elaborate and detailed polemic, the extended explication of an interesting hypothesis, and the assiduous marshalling of supporting evidence.  There are no footnotes to sources, and there is virtually no recognition or discussion of competing hypotheses, contrary evidence, or alternative interpretations of the evidence selected for presentation.  As a result, Mack's argument can be understood from his book, but it cannot be evaluated without recourse to other sources, lots of them. There are many recent and superb books about the early development of Christianity and Christian texts, written from various scholarly perspectives, and which carefully and fairly survey the full range of existing evidence and argument. This is not such a book, but it is an entertaining read.     