 This is an excellent introduction to research on the historical Jesus, especially for the way it connects those efforts with the concerns of believing Christians. (Marcus Borg also deserves mention for pursuing that emphasis in his work.)  There are passages and sections in every chapter where the writing is wonderfully inspiring.  It's a book that I'd recommend without hesitation. Having said that, and given that other reviewers have already detailed the book's virtues, let me offer a critique.  Going along with the Jesus Seminar version of research on the historical Jesus is a definite left-wing political slant.  That may be appropriate, because Jesus may indeed have been a utopian social revolutionary who preached an early version of Marx's dictum that each should receive according to his needs.  But one has to ask whether the research findings are driving the political thinking here, or the other way around. For example:  In an otherwise very good chapter on parables, we find an interpretation of the Wicked Tenants, apparently based on Herzog's highly ideologized, class-warfare reading, that is utterly forced and unconvincing.  The exploitative nature of the social system did not need to be "revealed" to Jesus' audience of expendables; it was hardly hidden from them.  In a later chapter, the same parable is revisited with a standard interpretation, which is said to be an allegorization by Mark.  Perhaps, but no more than the earlier, preferred one was a Marxist allegorization by Herzog.  Jesus' execution is seen to result from the threat he posed to Rome and its imperial system.  But there is a huge difference between being a trouble-maker, nuisance, and potential danger to public order among the large and volatile Passover crowds, which Jesus certainly was, and being a serious threat to Roman rule.  In the event, Jesus was yanked off the street and executed, and his followers scattered.  When militant Jews later actually did launch a serious revolt, it was smashed without mercy. The idea that Jesus and his tiny sect threatened the Roman Pax and its legions is wishful thinking in service of class-conflict ideology, cramming facts to fit a model.  Patterson believes that the mainline churches have declined in membership and attendance because they are not liberal enough, do not sufficiently encourage critical thought, including the sorts of historically-based reformulations he argues for.  But if that were true, the Unitarians would be ruling the roost by now.  Instead, it's the conservative evangelical churches and TV ministries that are showing the dramatic growth.  Wishful thinking again.  Examples like that give the reader the right to assume that in any ambiguous case, Patterson will push the interpretation that best fits his ideological presuppositions.  But even assuming that, the book is very much worth buying and reading.           