 This has been called "the worst novel ever written", but it's far from that.  Older translations might be partly responsible for that reputation; this new translation is very readable.  An excellent introduction is provided, as well as helpful footnotes throughout.  The book is blatantly didactic, art in the service of ideas, and you have to be awfully good to make literature that way -- Chernychevsky freely admits that he's not that good.  But his plot is actually pretty clever, and the book goes rather quickly. If you want to understand what Dostoevsky's Underground Man was railing about, read this first. The didactic sections are interesting for what they say about the hopes of the 1860s radicals, hopes that we can easily recognize today as fantasies. (Vera's 4th dream is particularly poignant.)  Hindsight is a wonderful thing for feeling superior and dealing out the 'told-you-so's'.  But the naive faith and doomed optimism of the author is extremely touching.  Only 35, he wrote this book from prison, and he could have had no confidence that it would ever see the light of day; yet there is no hint of despair anywhere in it.  He was subsequently destroyed by Siberia, and nothing turned out the way he had hoped. The radicals of his day were not wrong to seek fundamental change in the oppressive and autocratic system under which they lived. They were not alone in being enthralled by the ideas of Robert Owen, and their goal of seeking earthly salvation through reason and the reform of institutions does not make them clowns and fools.  Their moral critique of Russian society was valid; their solutions turned out not to be.  Not being omniscient, they did not foresee the ways that the flaws in their ideas would be seized upon, utilized, and magnified by men who were power-mad and malevolent, and what Russia's future would thereby turn out to be.  They were far from alone in that, also.  To flog idealists like Chernyshevksy with the horrors that were perpetrated by others a half-century or more later, is very easy to do.  It is also unfair, mean-spirited, and foolish.     