 Magee argues that the only fair way to evaluate a metaphysics or philosophical viewpoint (say, Schopenhauer's) is to adopt a sympathetic stance toward it and to consider the consequences for one's life of acting as if it were true, or largely so.  But his own spiritual quest has driven him to deeply invest his hopes in the theory that the material, empirical world known through the senses is not all there is, and that Kant's idea of noumena provides a rationale for the existence of some sort of extra-sensible, transcendent realm of meaning.  Magee wants what religion offers, but finds himself unable to take seriously the revelations and myths of religion, putting his bets instead on an expansive and touchingly hopeful version of the mundane fact that our sensory and perceptual apparatus has its limits.  His commitment to some version of transcendental idealism leads him, for example, to this kind of bizarre assertion: "As for the positive things we know about the noumenal, the most fundamental and at the same time the most immediate is that the phenomenal world, the world of experience, is its manifestation."  We can know no such thing, of course.  His spiritual yearnings make him unable to take his own advice and to consider the consequences of acting as if the empirical world is all there is.  From that point of view, our perceptual apparatus is the product of eons of biological selection with respect to the real, and often lethal, consequences encountered in, and delivered by, a real world of things.  As a result, surviving species necesssarily experience the world about like it actually exists, functionally at least, and at least to the degree necessary to take effective action with respect to it.  Thus does the lion so accurately streak across the plain to intercept the fleeing antelope, doing so without reference to rationalist speculations about worlds beyond sense, concern that space and time are merely observer-dependent frames of reference, and all the rest.  Kant did not have Darwinian selection available to him as an explanatory framework, but Magee has no such excuse.  His contention that observer-dependent categories of perception cannot exist in the real world is a non-sequitur; on the contrary, evolutionary theory leads us to expect that modes of perception will reflect something real about the environments that have selected them.  Survival requires that kind of functional fit between perception and reality.  Nevertheless, the book is a good read, and as intellectual autobiography it is brutally honest.  The average reader will learn a good deal about philosophy along the way, what it is like as an academic discipline, as well as what ideas continue to provoke major disagreements and divisions.  Magee takes philosophy very seriously, is highly knowledgeable, and his contributions to the field are considerable, even though he is not a professional philosopher himself.   Magee's sharp critiques of both analytic philosophy and "Continental" philosophy are excellent, and his first-person portraits of great philosophers like Russell, and especially Popper, are fascinating.  (As what I wrote above might lead you to expect, the relationship between Magee and Popper was an interesting one, and rather stormy.)  Magee describes in some detail what went into the making of the various BBC series on philosophy and philosophers that he developed and hosted.  Those outstanding shows were built on interviews with leading philosophers, and the books that derived from them are all well worth reading, also.  In the original meaning of the term itself, Magee is a lover of philosophy, and he does his best to convey that enthusiasm and interest; reading one of his books is an excellent way to find out whether philosophy is something that you would enjoy pursuing.     