 The Roman Empire is not spared in Patterson's descriptions of its oppressive and violent rule.  He describes how the towns of Sepphoris, Sappho, and Emmaus were burned to the ground by the Romans, who "sold their inhabitants into slavery" then rounded up 2,000 of those who had escaped and crucified them, "their writhing, tortured bodies providing the necessary message."  Florus, Roman governor of Judea in the year 66 "crucified 3,600 people, including children and infants."  These are described, aptly enough, as acts of "massive state terrorism."  Yup, fair enough.  But then not many pages later, we come to Patterson's opinion of his own country: "North American Christians, especially, must realize that we live in the belly of the beast, in the very heart of empire. The Pax Americana is no less insidious and exploitative of the world's people than was the Pax Romana. And it is scarcely less violent with those who would challenge its authority and its vision."  Patterson does not supply even one piece of evidence for this assessment and, absent that, it's just hard-left cant that has no business in a book like this. There is a difference between making a case and simply asserting one; scholars are supposed to do the former.  Patterson may believe that the truth of his poisonous view of America is self-evident to any right-thinking person, but it isn't. Those remarks were not in any way necessary to the point he was making, which makes them all the more puzzling and unfortunate.  I looked forward to this book, I enjoyed reading it, and I learned from it. But I'm not quite sure about what it really represents.  When someone is this eager to inject his politics into his writing, I have to wonder what else in his work might be more a product of ideological axe-grinding and agenda-pushing than fair and impartial scholarship.  Research on the historical Jesus is highly controversial and difficult to evaluate in the best of circumstances.  I think Patterson does himself and his colleagues no service by gratuitiously muddying the waters in this way.      