 To answer the title question by saying that the Old Testament belongs to the Jews and the New Testament to Christians is far too simple.  The Septuagint not only made the Tanakh available to the Greek-speaking Jews of the Diaspora, it also made those texts available to early Christians, who promptly ransacked them for prophetical "proof texts" foretelling the story of Jesus Christ and the New Covenant.  In Christian eyes, Jewish Scripture was properly appropriated to become their Old Testament. The closing of the Hebrew canon was partly motivated by this incursion as, ironically, the closing of the Christian canon was later to be in part motivated by Marcion's preemptive strike.  Scripture originated in oral form, only later "reduced" to writing.  Even then it was transmitted primarily by being read aloud to assemblages of believers.   It was only relatively late in the game that the authority of commentary and interpretation, also originally oral, was seen to depend on a reading of the texts in their original, spoken languages.  But the communicative superiority of the spoken word was never entirely superseded.  Pelikan quotes Luther as observing that "nowhere in the New Testament does Jesus command his disciples to go out into the world and write books."  In 250 pages, Pelikan provides summaries of the biblical texts, reviews a range of issues concerned with problems of translation (Jesus said "Repent," not "Do penance" as the Vulgate mistranslated it), describes and evaluates the Protestant reformers approach to the Bible ("Calvin maintained that whatever church practice was not commanded by Holy Scripture was forbidden, whereas for Luther it was permitted but could not be required"), considers the challenges presented by rational and historical analyses ("If it is profoundly true that there are truths in the Bible that only the eyes of faith can see, it is also true that the eyes of unfaith have sometimes spotted what conventional believers have been too preoccupied or too bemused to acknowledge"), and much more.  Many questions are raised that cannot be handled in depth, but there are entry-level bibliographical suggestions in the notes for each chapter.  The focus of the book is on the competing claims of Jews and Christians for ownership rights to the Old Testament, or Tanakh.  The problem has been simplified by more accurate translation; but it can't be solved that way, because precisely the same text may be subject to quite different interpretations.  For Pelikan, the Bible is God's book, and thus does not belong to any religious community.  We can only be temporary custodians of tradition, and to claim ownership of the Bible is, he argues, not only presumptuous but blasphemous.  That's probably about as judicious as it's possible to be on the question, but if I were Jewish, I'm not entirely certain I could look at it that way.       