 A wise, learned, and generally excellent introduction to the background and varieties of Existentialist thought. Anyone interested in the philosophical roots and development of Existentialism should start with this book; it's all here.  I concur with other reviewers who have enumerated the virtues of the book, so rather than repeat what they have written I will describe the few negatives that kept me from giving the book 5 stars.  But none of these cavils should deter anyone with an interest in Existentialism from buying the book.  Having been written in the late 1950s, the book sometimes shows its age. For example, psychoanalysis was still taken seriously in those days, at least among the literati, and it is given credence  here as an illuminating paradigm; but the disputes between Freud, Adler, and Jung are of little interest today.  The book's numerous allusions to looming nuclear annihilation are a relic of those "duck and cover" times, and Barrett's repeated criticism of American culture for its materialism, pace, and emphasis on technology, and of Americans for being less philosophically sophisticated than the Europeans, are hackneyed.  Barrett is obviously a fan of Existentialism, and the writing is sometimes overwrought, with too many concepts and ideas described as `momentous', `crucial', `powerful', `urgent', `profound', and so forth.  Part of the problem here is that the fundamental ideas of the Existentialists have become part of the culture during the last 50 years, and they no longer strike today's reader as particularly earth-shattering.  Some of that space should have been used to explain basic ideas more clearly.  Barrett could have done a better job of elucidating the Problem of Nihilism, for example.   The book is also less than forthcoming about the political background of some of the protagonists.  The chapters on Kierkegaard and Nietzsche contain good biographical detail and specific information about how these men's ideas were reflected in their lives.  But there is none of that, suddenly, when we get to Heidegger and Sartre.  About Heidegger's background we are told only that he was "of peasant stock, strongly attached to his native region of southern Germany, and one feels this attachment to the soil in his thinking".  Blood and Soil?  That's appropriate, since Heidegger was an enthusiastic and active supporter of the Nazis during World War II.  Did his philosophy cause him to turn to Nazism?  Or was it just the inducement of the university rectorship the Nazis gave him? This well-known history is nowhere analyzed, mentioned, or hinted at by Barrett.  In the chapter on Sartre, we learn that "The Resistance came to Sartre and his generation as a release from disgust into heroism" and that "The experience of the Resistance gave the figure of Descartes even greater importance since in the Resistance Cartesianism could be incarnated in the life of action".  That makes it sound like Sartre was an active and heroic member of the Resistance, when he was nothing of the kind.  Andre Malraux (whom Barrett criticizes for his "military metaphors"!) pointed out with some bitterness that while he was facing the Gestapo as a member of the Resistance forces, Sartre was safely advancing his career in Paris by putting on plays and doing his writing under the auspices of the German censors. Paul Johnson notes that the emphasis on Heidegger in Sartre's work gave him a leg up with the Nazis, and he had no trouble getting his work published and his plays presented.  Satre himself said that "We have never been so free as we were under the German occupation".  These facts might have provided the context for a useful discussion of the ethical content and implications of Existentialism, but they are passed over in silence.     