 This is a wake-up call for liberals who would like to pretend that radical Islam does not present a serious threat to the West. There are many good things in this wonderfully well-written book. Berman's explication of the ur-myth of totalitarianism (left or right) is very good.  His summary of Sayyid Qutb's thought is the best description of the fundamental ideas of Islam that I have ever read; the theological basis of Islamic antipathy to the idea of separation of religion and the state is very nicely conveyed. Berman's account of the failure of the French Socialists in the 1930s is merciless, and he dismantles Noam Chomsky's simple-minded worldview in three pages.  That latter is worth the price of the book by itself. On the negative side, Berman's orientation is a bit too literary for my tastes. For example, I think he forces his theme of irrationality where it really doesn't fit.  The totalitarian programs he talks about seem to have two major characteristics, (1) an enormously ambitious goal (remaking society, conquering the world, etc.), and (2) utter amorality in selecting the means of achieving that goal (no compunctions about massive slaughter). However destructive such programs are, there is nothing necessarily irrational about them. The one movement he talks about that does seem to be truly irrational is the Palestinian suicide bombing murder spree, in which those actions have no apparent connection to any specific political goals.  Berman can also be careless in selecting examples to buttress his argument. Athens and the Roman Republic were not fragile little republics surviving only in benign circumstances, until "popped like bubbles by marauding armies from afar".  Athens became a predatory and expansionist power, its eventual decline traceable to a failed imperial war to conquer Syracuse. The Roman Republic was never conquered, but underwent a transition to imperial government due to the pressures of maintaining far-flung provinces and armies; it became the Roman Empire, hardly a bubble pop. And Pancho Villa launched an invasion of New Mexico, not Texas.     