 First of all, I would like to congratulate the authors(Deepak Alur, John Crupi, and Dan Malks) for all hard work that led to this second edition. All I can say is that it is much better(content and look-and-feel) and I am satisfied and happy with my purchased decision[I admitted that I often makes wrong decisions when buying Java-related books, but hesitatedly to get rid of them :-)]. I still remembered how very enthusiastic I were when the first edition of Core J2EE Patterns released in August 2001 on Amazon.com. During the year of 2001, I voted for myself that "Core J2EE Patterns" was one of top two Java-related books of the year 2001(the other book is "Effective Java" by Joshua Bloch). So what's news with this second edition of Core J2EE Patterns?  1. The new look-and-feel and revised content are terrific, thus make it more readable. One of the most wonderful chapters is the chapter 4: J2EE Refactorings. This chapter has been revised and updated and I believe it continues to do the jobs that Fowler's Refactoring left for J2EE world. The new hardcover convinced me that it has been upgraded the status to where "Desing Patters" by GoF has been. Yes, GoF's Design Patterns is still a pattern handbook, but I wish to see a second edition as well. 2. The six new patterns were added to this second edition that reflects current changes in the J2EE world with regards to Web Services and serviced-based architecture and thus the importance of integration's needs. The Presentation Tier gets two new patterns(Application Controller and Context Object). The Business Tier adds two new members(Application Service and Business Object), while the Integration Tier welcomes two new patterns(Web Service Broker and Domain Store). These new patterns in the Integration Tier are very important for any J2EE developer investigating the fuzzy web-service business. 3. I voted the last section of the book(Epilogue): Web Worker Micro-Architecture is the most significant thing that the authors added to this second edition.  I really love it because I think it is the real strength of design patterns: How to combine them to solve larger problems and the combinations create a new force that is stronger than any individual pattern can create[I still like the book: Design Patterns Explained by Alan Shalloway and James Trott because it shares with me (and help me of course) the frustration of how to identify, use, and combine patterns to solve larger problems.] And what I want more from this book is of course: More new patterns and more new real scenerios. At first, I thought that I would like to be like other reviewers want: More Code!! But then I step way and think about it: Core J2EE Patterns should be presented at the higher level than coding stuff....Yeah! Read it as shared design ideas and roll up sleeves to code and test it for yourself if you're considered yourself a real programmer. I'm looking forward to finish the whole book and then....who knows? I'm waiting for the third edition, maybe. Once again congratulate and thank you the authors for excellent work so other J2EE developers (like me) to have something to learn and talk about.     