 I have tried and tried to use this set but have to force myself to work with it.  I would have returned it as soon as I opened it if I could have ..., not only because the course is terrible but also because the binding on the book started falling apart right away.  Unfortunately, somehow the corner of the book got wet so I was stuck. The only positive thing I can say about this book/tape set is that is does force you to "interact" by listening to dialogues/monologues to get answers to questions posed in the book.  It also encourages active learning by having you listen to the tape to fill out such things as a lottery ticket or figure out how much you would owe for a parking ticket printed in the book.  These are nice touches and introduce you to contemporary French culture. But these highlights are not nearly enough to compensate for the lack of basic information.  With little to no explanation of grammar or such basics as (translated!) vocabulary lists, the user is expected to move quickly from a few simple greetings to hearing and supposedly being able to decipher long monologues.  I could only have done this with previous French training.  I constantly feel overwhelmed, and even the slices of culture I mentioned above are made difficult by lack of information.  For example, one is never told that the French would use a comma in denoting a price in figures, such as 08,00 for 8 francs, zero. (This refers to the parking ticket I mentioned; I really don't know if other French notations of price would be like that -- which gives you an example of how much you have to simply guess/deduce). In America, we use one period for such a denotation (e.g., $8.00, and we'd have a dollar sign.)  It made things hard to figure out.   In short, much too much to have to have to figure out for yourself: few grammar, syntax, or punctuation rules are offered.  You even get little translated French; a long dialogue is only "translated" by a series of matching questions following the dialogue, which only cover selected phrases from the dialogue.  The author took the "Teach Yourself" title very seriously, indeed, but how can you teach yourself with almost no information?     