 I had the honor of meeting Scotty (as he prefers to be called) at one of his now famous Chaplain's Table meetings. I was there at the invitation of my daughter to participate in a discussion on relationships. In particular,  our father daughter relationship was to be the topic. So I did get to spend  a few minutes with Scotty and watch his interaction with the students and  faculty members at the table. He is as compassionate, sincere, and full of  fun as his book leads us to believe he is. 	Finding Your Religion is an  invaluable resource and a must read for those folks wanting to put more  life into his or her spiritual practice as well as for those wanting to  branch out and search for a new spiritual path.  This well written, easy to  read manual on why it's okay to question our childhood religion does not  let us off the accountability hook. We are still challenged to live our  chosen religion, whatever it may be. There are no simple platitudes or easy  ways out for us. Scotty reminds us over and over to live our religion  everyday and to be the best we can be, whether that is Jewish, Christian,  Bahai, Buddhist, Islamic, Hindu, or Unitarian Universalist. 	By  relating his own story as well as real stories about real people that he  has met in his travels, Scotty brings the struggles along our spiritual  paths to life. We know we aren't alone in our searching, and we come to  understand that it's the journey that counts. We also learn that there are  many different spiritual paths we can take, but they all have the same goal  - a fuller, richer life for the practitioner.  	The respect Scotty  demonstrates for each individual and each religious path is an attribute  all too rare in our world today. There is more than toleration shown here.  Scotty shows us the way to truly loving our fellow travelers, regardless of  the path they or we choose to get to the top of our spiritual mountain.  After reading this book, one should be much more comfortable with being on  a personal spiritual quest. But it is also a call to action. Finding Your  Religion is a call to really get out there and just do it!     