 Lloyd Geering is one of my favorite theologians and he did not let me down with this "map of modern religious history." Through a carefully documented and well thought out logical progression, this professor emeritus  of religious studies at Victoria University leads the alert and open minded reader to an understanding of where religion stands today and how we have come to this place. He starts by acknowledging that religion is dealing with a changing world. "Because, as human beings, we are at the very centre of modern change, and have the most to gain or lose by the direction it takes, we are in no position simply to ignore it once we have come to recognise [sic] its existence." He then goes on to build a case for the world being in the second threshold of cultural change in response of faith to ultimate issues which we call religion. This second threshold is now encircling the globe. Geering's clear writing style and excellent logical progression soon draws the reader into an understanding that "Much modern atheism, for example, is a protest, in the interests of truth, against false religious beliefs and superstitious practices." The case is solid and the challenge, then, for people of faith, is to develop a world view that is in agreement with all the knowledge that humankind gathers. But the case is not made by appealing to "faith," or by threatening hell and damnation; no, the case is made with clear-eyed logical views of the future grounded in a deep understanding of the history of the religious institutions of the world and a profound understanding of the human's need for a sense of meaning. I recall having the same feeling of optimism, compassion, and prophetic understanding of our human predicament as I sat at dinner with Professor Geering some years ago. His conversation was compelling, logical, and inclusive of those at our table. His book approaches this sensitive subject with the same compassion and love of the religious path as I sensed that evening. Still, his is a tough love and he calls the game as he sees it. He notes that we must accept that we are alone in this venture. Perhaps this is best summed up in his own words: "People must re-learn what it means 'to live by faith alone.' Humans now have to live without the divine and other supernatural props thought to exist in the past. There are no divinely revealed truths. There are no absolute and solid-rock certainties. The throne of heaven is empty. Indeed there is no heaven. This life is all there is. Moreover, with regard to the future of human existence on this planet, humans are now required to play the role they once attributed to an external deity." Indeed. Perhaps if more recognized our situation for what it is, we'd be better stewards of the earth and each other.     