 Life shouldn't be this difficult! Lamott, through witty, humorous, clear, concise writing and compelling stories shows us how, in many ways, we are our own worst enemies. But she also shows us ways out of the problems we  create and gives us a glimpse of how our attitudes and perseverance can  overcome even the problems of alcoholism, drugs, being a single Mom, and  being poor. 	On the surface, this is a very self-centered book,  focused almost entirely on the feelings, friends, enemies, and weaknesses  of the author. Yet, Lamott manages to use her story to demonstrate to us  that through love and faith, one can overcome seemingly insurmountable  odds. If one reads these stories while keeping compassion in his or her  heart for another suffering human being, then a spiritual journey unfolds  with many wonderful lessons along the way. But it takes work to get by the  feeling that we're learning far more about the author than we needed to. 	  Yet Traveling Mercies becomes a wonderful sermon since it afflicts the  comfortable and gives some hope and comfort to the afflicted. And perhaps  the discomfort one feels when reading it is the same as that of being  around sick family members or friends. And how can one tell the story of  love and compassion for others bringing grace into one's life without  sounding self-centered and a bit self-righteous? In the end, Lamott does  precisely that. The reader grows respect and admiration for this frail  human being as she tells of her own spiritual journey from someone who  could not stand being "in the same room with a Christian," to  someone who can lean on God and accept Jesus. And she does so without  trashing anyone else's faith system.  	"I make him [her son, go  to church] because I can. I outweigh him by nearly seventy-five pounds.   But that is only part of it. The main reason is that I want to give him  what I found in the world, which is to say a path and a little light to see  by. Most of the people I know who have what I want--which is to say,  purpose, heart, balance, gratitude, joy--are people with a deep sense of  spirituality. They are people in community, who pray, or practice their  faith; they are Buddhists, Jews, Christians--people banding together to  work on themselves and for human rights. They follow a brighter light than  the glimmer of their own candle; they are part of something  beautiful." 	I spoke of this book to a minister friend, and  recommended it as good reading. He in turn mentioned it to a friend who was  having difficulty with a wayward daughter. The daughter read Traveling  Mercies and reported back that it had changed her life. That she was able  to see how to get things back into control. Perhaps that is the only  recommendation this book needs. It changes peoples' lives for the better.     