 Dr. Primavesi spoke recently at a seminar on the Future Faith, and her view is grounded in a provocatively new and thoughtful understanding of theology as an earth science. I was privileged to hear her speak and found that it was easier to absorb what she had to say in lecture than it was to absorb what she has written in this excellent book. Perhaps that was because there was so little time to go back over what she said where with this book I found myself review the material several times before I was satisfied. And there is no end to interesting concepts, ideas and models to keep one interested. One of the first "ah ha" moments was when Dr. Primavesi stated that "The acceptance of this 'truth within situations' by scientists today means, for them, that 'the epoch of certainties and absolute oppositions' is over."  She then goes on to point out that we are "inside the truth" and not separable from it, so that all we can do is define a truth from within the situation. This of course applies to not only our science, but our understanding of our evolutionary processes, and our theology. She sees that human language, that vehicle we use to communicate ideas, thoughts, and experiences, anthropomorphizes all that we try to verbalize. Thus we cannot avoid the appearance of separation of ourselves from our environment. As she moves on into the religious aspects of our struggle with good and evil, Dr. Primavesi states that "The complexity of interactions in our world is such that their outcomes, their effect-explosions, can never adequately computed, represented or predicted by us. This realization lay at the heart of Darwin's dissatisfaction with the insufficiency of human reason as an instrument for understanding the universe." And she concludes that even today, with all our scientific progress, we underestimate the issue of our being in this world and what we do to it, ourselves, and our progeny as we live our daily lives. We fail to look at the whole complex system as one interdependent system.  Sacred Gaia presents us with a model that affirms life as a continuous gift and points out the implications of such a model for religious understanding of our existence. A most profound and engaging book.     