 This is definitely a book that opened my mind to new views of the Christian Bible. I have long said that while I think there are good lessons in the Bible, it cannot, and should not be taken literally, nor be considered to be inerrant in content. Because I had neither the time nor inclination to become a New Testament Scholar, I had no way to verbalize my belief or argue with those who professed to "Know." Here then, is a book that a lay person can read, understand, and evaluate based on your own common sense. More importantly, this book has given me a whole new way to view Jesus and perhaps be more accepting of his lessons. Bishop Spong uses the phrase "Christian in exile" to describe how he feels. He is in exile because much, if not all, of the organized Christian religion today calls for us to believe in things that require us to suspend our common sense. Yet, many are also not comfortable leaving the faith of their childhood. So perhaps they sit quietly or say the words of the liturgy while footnoting in their minds what the "really" think is true. Bishop Spong also chooses to use the words "Ground of Being" to express more clearly his concept of God. In the preface to the book, Bishop Spong states, "This book has been in progress for more than twenty years. It is a work of faith and conviction. It is my witness as one who desires to worship as a citizen of the modern world and to be able to think as I worship. I write it as a person to whom the Christian Church has accorded honor, rank, and the privilege of leadership in the episcopal office. It comes thus from the life of a bishop whose vows at the time of my consecration included both a promise to defend the faith and to guard the unity of the church. The vocation of doing just that in a rapidly changing world has been my privilege for almost a quarter of a century." And in this book he does indeed defend the faith - against the establishment that tries to keep the faith by ignoring the realities of our modern world. As he states, Christianity must change, or it will, inevitably, die. I would expand that to say any religion today must take into account our growing understanding of our physical world. If, in my youth, I had ministers who thought as clearly as Bishop Spong does now, I might still be in the Christian faith. But, like so many of my friends, even those still attending a Christian church, I refuse to check my brain at the door. Now I find that I have more time to explore my own spirituality, read those who have made theology their life, and further, I am in a position to process all this with a mind free of dogmatic interpretations. It is too late for me to return to Christianity, but I can now reclaim Jesus as a peripatetic sage who has many lessons worth learning. I hope that those still practicing Christian faith will help open the minds of their peers to read the scriptures with new eyes, keeping their faith living and healthy - with no congregants checking their brains at the door. Thank you Bishop Spong for having the courage to write this book, for having the courage to go on saying what you believe despite sixteen death threats from bible quoting Christians, and for loving us wastefully enough to want to bring meaning into our post modern lives.     