 Why Liberals will win the battle for America is the subtitle for Mr. Reich's latest book. A month or so ago, I was privileged to hear him discuss this book and his findings at a very large gathering. The response to his presentation was one of support and encouragement. Yet, while certainly liberals come to hear Mr. Reich, I happen to know that there were many "conservatives" in the audience and they too were applauding. Why is that? What is the appeal to conservatives? I would like to think that the appeal is simply one of, well, REASON! It may also be that the old labels no longer apply to the average American. It may well be that Republicans, Democrats, Green Party, Libertarians, and those who decline to disclose any party affiliation all have come to understand that things are too complex for sound bites and that reason must prevail. They may be finally getting the message that we are all in the same boat together and so we must work together with respect and compassion. For those who embrace reason, compassion, and a sense of connectedness, this book will provide much with which to agree, and will provide provocative ideas with which we might reasonably disagree and debate. Reich certainly doesn't shy away from taking a position, regardless of who's toes he might crunch. For those who believe that globalization is killing jobs he has this message: "Every task that's repetitive-anything that can be done more cheaply by automated machinery or computer software or by a person laboring in a poor country-is no longer going to be done by Americans at American wages. Period." For those who would continue to ignore the growing separation of the haves and the have-nots, he has this message: "In America in the twenty-first century, real prosperity is shared prosperity. That's what we are losing rapidly, and that's why Radcons are wrong and their thinking is dangerously obsolete." Radcons? Yes, Mr. Reich is not above taking his shot at the Radical Conservatives he believes are creating a situation of further economic stratification and therefore internal strife in America. This book is definitely good reading for all of us, regardless of the label put on us and regardless of whether or not we agree with everything Mr. Reich has to say. The book is truly based on reason. I hope all political decision makers find the time to read "Reason, why Liberals will Win the Battle for America." It should be required reading for us all.     