 This remarkable little book has done more to enhance my understanding of Buddhism and my own Judeo-Christian heritage than I could have imagined. Karen Armstrong's clear and concise writing lead me through some interpretations of the Buddha's life that had never occurred to me and has pointed out some of the same "problems" that I have had with other "sacred" writings.      I have come to appreciate the mythical proportions of the story of Siddhatta Gotama, and realize now that there are as many unknowns about his life as there are about Jesus or other ancient prophets. The story of Siddhatta's originally sheltered life of prince who saw the injustice and suffering in the world, went of to gain special powers, and then came back to "save the people" follows the Joseph Campbell hero's story. In addition, it is a story that was often told in Buddha's time. It is a metaphor for the human mind awakening to the suffering in the world caused by our own acquisitiveness.       Then too, those disciples left after Buddha's death slowly deified him by embellishing the story and expanding it as needed to include the prejudices of those in power at the time of the telling or recording. Gotama did not want deification or a religious cult following. Nevertheless, just as with Jesus and Christianity, those that were left used the hero story to their own ends. They built a two tier order with special education and in depth understanding of the mystical nature of Dhamma for the Bhikkhus and a more lenient worldly teaching for the lay followers.      Like most axial period religions, Bhuddism was not inclusive of women. The contradiction is blatant in that Buddha taught that the Dhamma was open to everybody: gods, animals, robbers, men of all castes - so were women to be excluded? And under what logic? When he was finally convinced that he was wrong not to allow women into the Sangha, Buddha set much stricter rules that subjugated the nuns to the bhikkhu. In other words, the women were once again relegated to second class citizenship in the Buddhist world.      An excellent book with new, fresh insight into this most interesting philosophy. And it is especially interesting to read after hearing Ms. Armstrong speak and learning a little bit about her as a person. A most remarkable opportunity that I can only hope will come again in the future.     