 I received this book in proof edition from one of my Religion Editor friends. She has done me a great service. I found the thought process and information provided by Kimball to be most compelling. The book is well laid out and well written with concise expression of ideas. I have long believed that religion as we know it today has become corrupted by men (and I do mean men since the religions are mostly controlled by men, not women). But Kimball puts into eloquent words those ideas and concepts which I found I could only hold in my mind and not express. Like so many books in this genre, When Religion Becomes Evil was scheduled for publication on the one year anniversary of the 9/11/01 tragedies. It could not have been timed better or be more relevant and important. For it not only points out the five basic corruptions that manifest themselves in each of the major religious traditions, but it holds out hope that each of those religions has within it the wherewithal to root out and correct those flaws. Yet we must be willing to hold ourselves and our faith institutions accountable for the intolerance we practice. Kimball states that religion is arguably the most powerful and persuasive force on earth and that yes, it is the problem. It is the problem because each seems to hold that it alone has the absolute truth, demands blind obedience, and justifies the means used by the end goal (presumably salvation or "right living.") Somehow, Kimball has reinvigorated the often used argument that the basic teaching of the world faith traditions (Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Hindu and Buddhist) have been used for corrupt ends, yet are in themselves the seeds for healing. "The complicity of religious persuasions in global conflicts today is undeniable, but understanding this complicity requires that we clearly grasp the difference between what we have called corrupt forms of religious commitment and the authentic forms that offer hope." The message of this book, so eloquently and convincingly written, is one that all lay people should embrace. We must hold ourselves and our faith institutions accountable for our actions in the world. For "a segregated group in which the thinking and critical decisions reside with one or a few people, particularly where there is apocalyptic teaching involved, is a disaster waiting to happen."     