 A Walk Through Time - From Stardust to Us - The evolution of Life on Earth. A Walk Through Time (AWTT) is an incredibly well done book, from all aspects. The artwork and printing make it suitable for display and the  content challenges us to re-think our position in the world and the  decisions we are making. The explanation of evolution is both plausible  and understandable to the lay person. Yet the mystery of life is not  diminished or hidden, so there is more than enough room for those who  understand our existence through their love of God.  Beginning more than  5,000 MYA (5,000 Million Years Ago, or 5 Billion Years Ago) we are told,  the "universe did indeed begin in an explosion of energy powerful  enough to send all matter flying apart for billions of years into the  future." From that starting point, AWTT traces with considerable  detail the evolution of our living earth of which we are a part. And  everywhere the mystery of "the life force" is to be found.  One  can read the prose or follow the exhibition text along the bottom of the  pages, or take in both to re-enforce what is being explained. Sidney Liebes  managed to convince HP of the merits of creating a 1mile "walk through  time." That project is staffed by volunteers and has been presented in  a dozen venues in three countries. The "exhibition text"  mentioned above is from that project.  The final paragraph of the book  summarizes the challenge for our existence in this totally interconnected  web of life. "Is it possible that a sense of awe, wonder and humility,  of origins, place, possibilities, and recovery of a belief in the  sacredness of nature, can, and perhaps must, become operational imperatives  in guiding humanity into the future? Rather than pondering the illusive  purpose of life, can we not accept and appreciate the gift, live the life  we are given, respect all life, and preserve options for the future. Though  none of us has the power to control the future, each of us is free to  determine how we will contribute to the circumstance out of which the  future will evolve." Perhaps the purpose of life is simply to ensure  that life continues. Then there is much in this book to set us on the right  path.     