 One is alternately frustrated, angry, and amused at the antics of the remarkably rigid evangelical Baptist missionary Nathan Price. His story, the story of the Congo, and his family's stories are told in turn by his  wife and daughters. In the end, Africa transforms not only the meager  possessions that the Price family brought to the Congo, but each of the  family members themselves. Nathan and his unforgiving, uncompromising,  and uncomprehending brand of religion only survives as long as he does  because of the quiet compassion of the villagers in Kilanga. In the end, he  changes nothing of significance there and winds up being killed because of  his religion induced blindness. His life story is a clear warning for those  who in their smug self-righteousness do not allow for the fact that we  could all be wrong in our belief systems. Orleanna Price, wife, mother,  and survivor. It is she who holds the family together as best she can and  shelters them from the tyrant father. She never does accept Africa as her  own, but cannot escape its influence. Through tragedy, she grows to  understand the mistaken attempts to save those poor souls in Africa, who in  then end need no outside saviors.  Rachel Price, is the oldest daughter  and self-centered teenage product of the relatively affluent America. Her  major concern is for her own looks and getting out of Africa to go back to  her parties and easy life. She too is a survivor. But, as luck would have  it, winds up staying in Africa and becoming a successful businesswoman. She  never does understand her younger twin sisters who are both more observant  and intellectually competent than Rachel will ever be. Leah Price is the  "normal" twin, ever guilty for perhaps causing her sister to be  crippled, and ever on the watch to please father. Yet it is she who grows  independent enough to actually stand up to the tyrant. It is she who  becomes the tomboy and feminist of the Price women. It is she who comes to  love Africa and Anatole (her African husband and father of her children),  and it is she who chooses to stay and help the people in any way she  can. Adah Price is Leah's crippled twin and, like Leah, intelligent  beyond her years. She suffers from hemiplegia, which seems to give her  special insight into the way things are. She takes comfort in her own  silence and uses her affliction to the best advantage. Adah is my favorite  character because of her clear understanding of her father, their plight,  the lives of the people of Kilanga, and where she fits in the world. Her  understanding is not perfect, but it grows in time as she observes more in  her own backward/forward way. Adah overcomes her hemiplegia and eventually  becomes a successful biomedical researcher. Ruth May Price is the baby of  the family. She is a wonderful, prescient child who is the first to make  friends with the children of Kilanga. She is headstrong, persistent, and  constantly pushing the limits. In the end, it is she who suffers not only  from her own actions, but from the unforgiving Congo. Thus the Price  family represents a cross-section of America in foreign affairs. Nathan is  the self-righteousness of a rich and successful people who cannot see the  virtues of a different culture and who recklessly impose unworkable  solutions to perceived problems. Orleanna is the compliant "my country  right or wrong" patriot of the masses who only rebels when it is  perhaps too late. Rachel is the spoiled middle-class caring only about  achieving and maintaining a comfortable life regardless of the world  consequences. Adah represents the best intentions of our technology to  bring relief to a suffering world, but still at arms length. Leah stands in  for those who, out of guilt and recognition of wrong doing, actually try to  bring about small steps on the path to progress that fit the culture of the  wronged. And Ruth May is like all those innocent children who are harmed  from neglect or misguided adults in pursuit of their selfish adult  goals. And in the weaving of the Price family story, we learn a great  deal about the Congo's fight for independence from Belgium. As each of the  women tell their stories, in their own words, misspellings, and prejudices,  the characters of the other family members and friends becomes a bit more  complete, along with the story of the struggle of a people yearning to be  free from foreign rule. The journey matters, and Barbara Kingsolver takes  us on a compelling journey in The Poisonwood Bible. I enjoyed this book  even more on my second reading.     