 Overall this game is just a mediocre attempt at turning a long-time one-player gaming franchise into an online hit. The game revolves around 5 different survival scenarios where you attempt to escape from a building or an area. The game supports up to 4 players online but the in-game communication system is a bit 1 dimensional and it's difficult to keep teams together on some maps. Teamwork, the main ingredient behind these scenarios, doesn't usually work very effectively. Normally what happens is one guy will be the leader doing all the work and everyone else follows around cluelessly. As far as gameplay is concerned it's just your standard Resident Evil game but in full 3D. Graphically its very lovely to look act, particularly some of the character models, but most of the monsters and zombies could stand to use a little more polish, particularly the Leech Zombie boss in the 3rd level. They look pretty dated for the PS2. But PS2 sucks anyway. This would have looked unbelievable on the GameCube! Every level that's won or lost is scored based on percentage of the scenario completed, number of survivors remaining, and any bonuses or penalties that apply. Yet the base score is determined solely on speed so after about 10 hours of enjoying the levels for the environment or beauty you'll pretty much be running around trying to collect higher and higher scores. Eventually, you'll either really get into this or just get bored with the whole process and want to play a game that doesn't have such a pointless grading system.  The points are only useful to unlock extras like movies, costumes, pictures, and music featured in the game. The costumes are the only really big deal because you'll see most of the movies 60x or more. Eventually you'll be pressing the start button frantically to skip them anyway because they take precious seconds away from that 7 min run-through on very-hard difficulty you need to earn enough bragging rights to play online. The number of rooms with titles like "No Noobs," or "Pros Only" is pretty ridiculous. All in all it's pretty much your standard Resident Evil fare. Weapons are all the same with some knives, pipes, and other melee options. The character attributes are all unique but you'll only really need to utilize a couple of their skills 90% of the time (namely Alyssa's lockpick, or Kevin's high kick). Otherwise the extra crap is just there for the newbs to toy around with. The big killer for this game is two-fold. First, there are not nearly enough scenarios to make this game long-lasting. Five scenarios gets old VERY fast. Second, the first and last scenarios are really the only ones that are very action-oriented. The middle 3 pretty much involve puzzle solving which is fun for offline play and always a part of RE games that weren't played online, yet, for the internet it's BORRRRRRRING! That having been said, if you're into collecting points and beating other ppls records or just plain obsessed with Resident Evil give this game a shot. Otherwise, save your money for something that's actually fun to play online with other people.     