 Here's my two cents: I love my Gamecube.  Once, I was probably like many of you fretting over which game system was the best and had the longest potential staying power. Almost immediately, by reputation alone, I decided I was going to get a PS2. It seemed like a sure bet. It was made by Sony (what electronics item has Sony ever made that's ever [disappointed]? Besides their batteries?) and it could play all the great PS1 games plus DVDs. However, I wanted to wait until the prices dropped.  Then I found out that Capcom's Resident Evil (aka Biohazard) series was going to be a Gamecube exclusive. (Yes, I'm one of those morons.) And so I bought a Gamecube on Amazon.com and haven't had any regrets since. I'm no hardware expert, but I can tell you this much: The Gamecube can perform just as good graphically as either one of its competitors--if not better. And once you get passed the nuts and bolts of each system and simply let the games speak for themselves, I think most people will realize that no single system is phenomenally better than the rest. If they were, then they would have phased out the others already.  So that just leaves the games. I mean, lets face it, it's cool that you can watch DVDs on your PS2 but who really cares? I bought a game console for one reason: to play games. Nintendo has publically stated that its system has been built with the idea of being a "designer-friendly" system in mind. What that means to a consumer is that more designers will want to come to Nintendo to make their games because it will be easier, faster, cheaper, and more efficient to make games for this system than the others. The consumer gets to reap the benefits by simply enjoying a greater variety of high quality games. Another point to remember is that this is the first system by Nintendo that doesn't use the clumsy and archaic cartridge system. Thus, the only thing that has handicapped Nintendo from competing at the same level as its Dreamcast and Playstation cousins in the past has been removed. What does that mean? Watch out Sony because you're in for a fair fight to the death. Also, only with Nintendo do you get to enjoy games like Metroid, Mario, Zelda, Star Fox, Perfect Dark, Turok, and all the other gaming greats; and from what I hear on the grapevine, most of the first Gamecube titles featuring said characters are going to be coming out later this year. Actually, if you look at what games are coming out this year, you can't accuse Gamecube of not having enough good titles. Also, I think I should clarify this whole "it's just a toy for kids" myth.  Look, I'm 23 and I don't see my little Cube as a kiddie toy. I actually like it better cause it's light and doesn't take up so much space compared to a PS2 and the atrociously heavy XBox. Furthermore, just because a game doesn't have people getting killed or entail stealing cars from their rightful owners (ala GTA3) doesn't mean the game can't be fun. Case in point, the bestselling game ever in history was the SIMS. And it wasn't just 8-year-olds who were playing it! And though it might be a bizarre way of looking at it, but in a few years when I'm bored with the system but am having the first kids of my own, I can just let them play the great kiddie titles on this system as hand-me downs and save a lot of money too. Lastly, there are the controller and peripherals. Gamecube starts out with 4 ports built-in so it is already got a headstart over Sony and Microsoft. The Gamecube controller is one of the best I've ever laid my hands on. They've taken the best design elements of Sony's PS1 setup with the wonderful things about the N64 controller and fused them together to make the most remarkably comfortable and useful game controller ever. This will be a new industry standard to beat. Although the directional pad is a little small, the joystick is a breeze to work with and if you've played Bond: Agent Under Fire with the C-stick/joystick action going on, you'll know right away that this WILL be the way FPS games will have to be played on consoles. There's just no other way to replicate the ease of movement in an FPS-style game you get using a mouse and keyboard onto a console than with the way Nintendo has set-up its new controller.  On the matter of online play, from what I hear, Nintendo of America has announced that online play will play an intergral part in its marketing strategy and they are already working on a system for use with its Gamecube. So don't worry about getting left out of cyberspace anytime in the near future. To conclude, I wouldn't say that the Gamecube is the BEST system, but I will say it's my favorite. I am actually going to buy a PS2 later on when I get the money simply because there are too many games that I want to play on it that I can't with my Gamecube (and vice versa really). And even though I'm not a market analyst, in my humble opinion, I feel that the video game industry has more than grown sufficiently in size to accomodate a 3 console market. More competition is great for everyone right? But for my money's worth it's Nintendo. And now at the affordable price ... Sheesh, I wish I'd waited a couple months now...  :(     