 When I bought this album, I never really heard of Heather Nova except for one song that got very little media exposure in the form of an MTV music video I barely remember. The song was "Walk This Way" and at the time, it didn't strike me as being anything too spectacular. I was also a teenager at the time and wasn't into "chicky" music back then.  That would have been the last of Heather Nova for me if my musical tastes in college hadn't changed and I started buying a bunch of Sarah McLachlan albums off of Amazon.com. Eventually, in my music recommendations, her name and albums started popping up so often I decided to give her a chance and randomly picked this one.  I must say that this is a great album for all of its lackluster production quality. Because I'm a male, I'll admit some of her music doesn't resonate as passionate a chord as many of the female reviewers have stated, but to her credit she does in fact write all of her own songs which is quite unlike many of the more famous divas out there now.  Furthermore, she clearly expresses a maturity in her lyrics that comes from an intimate and honest understanding of human nature and human relationships. One of my favorite songs is "What A Feeling" and has one of the best lines I've ever heard in a song: "Oooh, oooh, what a feeling; the laughter that was dead, is coming."  The more radio-friendly songs like "Heart And Shoulder" which is virtually a precursor of Jewel's "Standing Still" and "London Rain," the album opener, are easily enjoyed and showcase the strength of her band. Her music focuses around the same type of instrumental elements that make Sarah McLachlan's music so moody and emotional yet her sound is quite distinct and inimitable.  On a happier note, "Valley of Sound" and "Widescreen" are very delicate and pretty love songs that leave you with a smile. "Avalanche" is a great anthem for the emotionally guarded and insecure and a wonderful song. "Paper Cup" is another stand-out track amongst many: her voice on that song just knocks the thoughts out of your head and makes your brain pure mush. The only flaws on this album, and again this is coming from a "guy's" perspective are possibly "I'm The Girl." A great song musically, but lyrically not too brilliant. Why is that only female artists are the only ones who can get away with insipid songs about their gender? "Winterblue" and "I'm Alive" both sound somewhat forgettable in the context of the entire album but still are great lyrically and musically on their own. "Ruby Red" is the most adventurous song on the entire album and breaks away from the album's mellow, folk/rock-flavored sound.  This is one of those few, rare albums that is never afraid to remain in the quiet, dark repose of melancholy contemplation. Very few artists can take one musical theme and make it sound continually interesting and enjoyable throughout the entire length of an hour long album but Heather Nova's "Siren" definitely delivers.     