 The premise of the Resident Evil franchise has always been fairly straight-forward: you assume the role of a woefully unequipped character thrown into a location infested with flesh-eating zombies and other assorted baddies in an escape mission from the depths of Hell. It is the subject of B-rated horror flicks and the series delivers in predictable fashion. Resident Evil is a game that people will either love or love to hate. I'm part of the former so my review will be slightly biased--I thought the game was really cool and addictive but the following points are why I could only give it 3 stars. Following a brief opening sequence where you wander through the back alleys of Raccoon City, fending off one zombie horde after another, you enter into the seemingly safe refuge of an historic police station. This huge labyrinthine complex is reminiscent of the original mansion that mesmerized gamers in RE1. Inside, are the same puzzles that abounded in RE1. Some are genuinely unique, but most are overly simple and quite often out of place. Much of the first half of the game involves tedious errand running--a point further confounded by the RE inventory management system (i.e. magic box). At first, when the complex is filled with the walking undead, the idea of moving about is rather frightening. But once you start cleaning the place out, it gets rather boring, esp. when you have to watch another cut scene of the same old door. The fact of the matter is, unlike the original RE where everything seemed justified within the context of a haunted mansion, much of the ambience in the RPD building seems out of place (two locations I should mention are the precinct library and the art hallway that leads to the rear east exit). Although there is one surprise in the game that could justify the interior design of the venue, I feel that the forced attempt to make a gothic police building ruined what could have been a genuinely creepy gaming experience. Once you're freed from the RPD building you make your way out through the sewers. Depending on which storyline you pick (Leon or Claire) you will swap characters with different people you encounter in the game. Claire's story is the only story that is directly related to the original RE so I will focus on her half. Regardless of the game you play, once you beat the scenario you can switch disks and see the game through the eyes of the other character. It is in the second part of the story that things started going off on a tangent. In Claire's story you will enlist the help of a young girl, Sherry Birkin, daughter of an Umbrella scientist William Birkin. Birkin is the creator of the G-Virus, superior in every way to the T-Virus. There are sequences in which Sherry will follow you through the Raccoon City sewers. The experience is truly awesome but I couldn't help feeling that you weren't playing Resident Evil anymore so much as you were playing Aliens with Ripley at the helm. Even the nature of the G-Virus mutants resembles face-huggers and xenomorphs more than the humanoid or reptilian creatures we have come to expect. This futuristic vibe is exacerbated later on when you get to the game's final area: a top-secret Umbrella Lab. Again, you're not in Kansas anymore. Some gamers might like the new direction, however, I couldn't help but feel the departure was too stylistically out of sync with the RE concept. Thankfully, RE3: Nemesis returns us to the genre's origins.  Overall, the game is a solid sequel with better videos (gone are the corny live-action videos) and better voice acting. Graphically, quality is not very much improved and the sound quality is also the same caliber. Game play is exactly the same; the camera angles, thankfully, are not as annoying as the original but still make running around to new areas rather creepy. The only modification to the combat system is that Claire or Leon will actually limp as their injuries get more severe. The bottom line: Resident Evil 2 is a fun game but for veterans of the original, it will seem very abrupt and will leave players feeling like they want something more (I beat it the first time with Claire in 5 hours at one sitting).     