 Somebody needed to tell the writers, directors, and producers of this film that just because your movie explores a controversial issue in a confrontational way still doesn't automatically qualify it for par excellence filmmaking. Despite P. Diddy's abysmal debut performance, even the talent of Halle Berry, Billy Bob Thornton, and Peter Boyle can't salvage what is generally a boring, uninspired, and predictable script that completely fails in intermingling dramatic taboos with brief gasps of levity. Besides, wasn't this topic already dealt with in "Jungle Fever"? Why does Hollywood insist on using the film medium to explore "American values" and educate the general populace about what is appropriate and morally respectable in a modern, liberal, ethnically diverse state. I mean, while where at it, why don't we start up a new franchise here. The sequel can be a romance between Rudolph Hess and Anne Frank. Let the racial healing begin!!!  America needs to get realistic about political correctness or else we're all going to be walking on egg-shells. Certainly, film's like this do Americans a great disservice by elevating the issue to Philadelphia-esque status--another horrible attempt to cash in on social inequality, this time in the guise of gay rights activism. Dramatizing "interracial" relationships only reinforces the taboo. It's when we can all say "what's the big deal" and not take notice that we've achieved true integration. Junk like this is fuel for the guilty white liberal fire out to save the world with their bleeding hearts. Unfortunately, many people saw merit in this film for whatever reason. This is definitely one of those love it or leave it films. You'll either take to the characters and appreciate the cultural subtext as the rather unorthadox love-story unfolds, or you'll just roll your eyes from scene to scene while making frequent glances at your watch and mentally asking yourself "is it over yet?"  By the way, in case your wondering, this review was written by a 23-year-old male university student in cultural anthropology who "happens to be" Asian. =)     