 I noticed most of the reviews posted have been catered towards two different types of players: those that have played the original and those who have never played any RE game. I decided to split my review into two parts to specifically cater to both. FOR THOSE who have played RE, you will notice one of several things within the first 15 minutes: things haven't changed much. Some of the first areas you wander through will look noticeably different and areas that weren't locked before are locked now which forces you to immediately go key hunting. But what will stick out above all else is how beautifully eerie the mansion looks. Despite the use of pre-rendered backgrounds, the Gamecube's powerful engine and lighting effects have turned every nook and cranny into an all-out gothic art masterpiece. Still, once you get over the awe of how great everything looks (especially how realistic and fluid the character models are), you'll start feeling empty. The essentials of RE gameplay are unchanged. Some files have been added which alter the storyline but still don't completely reinvent the gaming experience. There are really only two new things about this game in terms of what characters can do. First, there is the defense knife, which allows Chris or Jill to escape the clutches of a hungry zombie. The second is the super-zombie feature. In this version, zombies can only be killed in two ways: blowing off their heads or setting them on fire. If you wait too long they will come back from the "dead" and you can forget about using a pistol on them because they'll be all over you before you can even get two rounds out of the chamber. Needless to say, it does add some challenge to the game, however, the overall number of zombies in the mansion is significantly less. Although it makes things much more realistic than the original (why did Umbrella have so many personnel in the mansion?) it lowers the overall amount of action in the game. Most of the combat occurs in quick, jumpy instances-usually after a zombie bursts open a door from a room that you already thought was empty. As for the new areas, think of them more as icing on the cake as opposed to a whole new slice of pie. All together, they lengthen the game by possibly 45 min to an hour. There are really no new areas, just minor additions that add up in the end. The game is also being advertised as spanning two disks; however, don't exactly think that you're getting your money's worth on that one either. You actually don't even need to switch disks until you have to set the Eagle and Wolf medals in place and the final area is exactly the same size. The second disk is entirely a spillover. BUT, everything is not all bad. Sound quality is fine; nothing to get excited about but the greatest improvement is the music. When it does come in, it definitely gets the adrenaline pumping. Many of the items need to be manipulated more so that it's not just enough to take them to the obvious spot and then use them to do their dirty work. The really simple puzzles in the game have been rehashed and now offer some challenge in order to solve but still nowhere on the level of, say, Myst. There are also more cutscenes and you'll interact with either Barry or Rebecca more frequently. Actually, Jill's storyline is the coolest and I recommend you play hers first because the question of whether or not to trust Barry is much more real an issue than before. All in all I would say rent before you buy. One final note that I forgot to place in my original review concerns a certain Lisa Trevor. For those of you who are veterans of the PSX version of RE, I would be remiss if I failed to inform you that there is a new mini-boss in the remake. I won't give away too many details to prevent spoiling things for the newbies, but it is definitely one creepy B.O.W. Unfortunately, I wish Capcom spent as much time making her attacks as freightening as her looks. The 3 times you do encounter her in the game are highly forgettable simply because once you understand her movement patterns you can pretty much dodge the thing and never have to worry about her. Anyway, it's in there if you want to take a look. FOR THOSE who haven't played an RE game, you are in for a treat. BUT, and this is a big BUT, you have to realize that the control scheme--for some people--requires some getting used to. The characters have a very tank-like method of movement and the constant change in camera angles often frustrates players. I would say that the majority of people who hate this game do so because they can't get a grip on how to navigate. I would encourage you to try moving around first and experiment with the other control schemes (there are 3) before you completely write this game off. If you can't get a handle on it, this game is probably not for you. If you can, then enjoy. If you are a fan of classic horror films, all those things that are great about them are here. There's lots of B-rated voice-acting, lots of things jumping out from around corners; the feeling of claustrophobia is entirely real.  The original RE, although a great game, had several problems (many of the puzzles were just too obvious, zombies were liberally placed throughout as cannon fodder, etc.) In this version there are less zombies but what you do with them and where they are becomes a real concern, especially on the harder difficulty settings when there isn't enough ammunition to possibly kill them all. Strategy IS important.  As for the game being scary, it really depends. Many reviewers say this game scared the socks off of them. I've honestly never jumped once when playing this game, but that's not to say that I didn't think it was creepy. The zombies do really look evil now, especially in the face, but even the super-zombie (who blows out a wicked breath of musty air from his mouth and RUNS after you) doesn't exactly make me shiver. It's entirely a concept game and if you didn't dig the concept to begin with, you won't appreciate the art that was put into making this version of the game so much more superior than the Playstation's. Again, rent before you buy, but you will arguably be much more satisfied with this remake.  BOTTOM LINE: it's more fun, more elaborate, more difficult, and more realistic.     