 The truth about WoW is that it's the greedy man's game. I promise you that you will never be able to go through a session without hearing some kind of stupid argument over loot or who's better at playing a character class over someone else. You will hear the word "noob" over and over again. You will listen to boring discussions about procs, DPS, buffs, various talent tree builds, various class abilities, and all kinds of other technical babble. The main city in the game is Ironforge (or Orgimmar if u play horde) and it will be overloaded with ppl hawking wares or making trips between the bank, auction house, and the mailbox. The lag will be unbearable. Nearly everybody there has multiple alts with the ppl who are fortunate enough to have a level 60 toon using him/her to farm loot for their lower level alts. Everyone wants drops, ppl will argue over loot and if they do get loot that they don't need but is worth something to another class they will almost certainly charge a ridiculous amount of money for it at the auction house. Really, the economy is ridiculously one-sided and the guys who have camped out a server the longest make a killing off of the newer players.  The other big problem is everyone pretty much has a god-complex. It's some unwritten law that ppl on WoW servers have to talk trash and be as rude as possible to other ppl. Simple questions or random comments in the general chat channel leaves urself open for a flame war. One possible solution would be joining a good guild. I did this and found that it prolonged the life of the game but I still found the need to complete a lot of my quests with Pick up Groups (PuGs). PuGs are the worst. Almost 75% of the time there will be fighting and about half of the time when the fighting starts the person will ditch and teleport out, usually at a place in the dungeon too deep for a replacement to comfortably get there in time by themself. Thus forcing everyone to basically start over. I've had so many groups dissolve and restart because of this that it can take upwards of 5 hours to finish a simple dungeon.   Arguably the best way to play the game is to level up high enough till your character is strong enough to solo many lower level instances. This way you can kill everything on your own and collect all the loot you want for your own personal uses. I find that the best class to solo dungeons with is the hunter and you will find 60 hunters with their pet cats EVERYWHERE.  All in all its a great game if you like to argue with ppl and talk trash or put ppl down. Also, if you enjoy making imaginary money and being rich with money only useful in a digital gaming world than WoW has probably one of the best economies I've seen to do this in. I think the WoW gamer's motto should be something like: "I joined for the gameplay, I stayed for the farming."  Basically this game is about two things, Arguments and Farming.  So if this is your cup of tea, then by all means sign up and let the man take $15 out of your checking every month. If, however, you would like to play an online game for fun and to make friends, I seriously think you should avoid this game. It is fun, but it's a REAL headache dealing with the community. Best thing to do is turn off all chat channels or close your chat window entirely and find a good guild. Otherwise, heh... good luck.     