 The Taking is a fair book. I'm not exactly a fanatic of Koontz's work but I am a fan ever since I was won over by Edgler Foreman Vess and his mantra of killing in Intensity. That book did for me what a lot of other popular fiction novels can't although often try. Namely, it mixed erudite philosophy and page-turning suspense in such a way that if either element was left out, the book would have been that much poorer.  The Taking is not so deep or dually layered. I honestly don't see how people couldn't predict the ending unless they were completely asleep. He gives you so many hints that, at least for me, I got rather annoyed about how he kept trying to feed us the alien invasion line as a cover for his real intentions.  The protagonist, Molly Sloan and her husband Neil, wake up to the sounds (and smells) of falling rain and the bizarre feeling of a throbbing weight like a giant mountain flying over them. As they come to terms with the strange silvery rain they quickly find that the news media are reporting bizarre phenomena all over the planet. It soon becomes apparent that this inexplicable situation can only be attributed to an alien invasion. The first act of the book involves your typical "Dawn of the Dead" lets get ready for a rough ride through town and is great page turning suspense.  Eventually, the couple end up at the main city square and hold up with the other community members in the local tavern. It's here where the book starts to lose its suspenseful charm. Without ruining too much of the plot, what happens next is that Molly's character finds a strange connection with the dogs in the tavern and in particular one by the name of Virgil. Driven by a traumatic incident in her past life, she decides it behooves her to try and save the surviving children in the community who might not have any parents are guardians alive to protect them from these alien invaders. Canvassing house to house and street to street with her husband, her guide (Virgil), and a growing entourage of helpless children, the next 300 odd pages are pretty much your standard PG-13 horror-suspense sequences. For some reason this is where the book started to go flat.  In the first part of the book everything seemed so riveting and fast paced, despite the rather stock characterization of the story's heroes. Somehow you still felt like all that could be ignored for the sake of how well the drama was unfolding. The quest that emerges as the central theme of the book is as unexpected as it is underwhelming and reminded me of "The Forgotten."   After drifting through 4 bulky parts of uninspired episodes and events, the now completely sentimental action story comes to its final conclusion in a climax that can be summed up in one word: Tutelary. Yeah, try and figure that one out. I couldn't. There are a couple chapters after that that mainly just spell out all the clues that you would have caught earlier if you had been paying attention and basically tries to pull a "Sixth Sense" in turning everything you thought you knew about the story upside down. I'll put it this way, if you're easily fooled you'll like the ending. If you aren't you may think it's a little trite or at the very least a little too sappy like all endings to Hollywood disaster movies (e.g. "The Day After Tomorrow"). What I mean to say is that you know it's gonna end too perfectly because they don't want you to dwell on everything bad that happened.  If you are into an entertaining read that's light on the substance but heavy on the sentiment then this book might be for you. If you want something more engaging read "The English Patient."  Oh, if you're a fan of Silent Hill, doesn't Molly Sloan's enigmatic wandering through the fog-shrouded streets of Blake Lake with pistol and flashlight in hand remind you of the game a lot? It did for me.      