 Of all the video game franchises ripe for adaptation as big screen films, Resident Evil was surely one of the top five. It had the weird history of single-handedly reviving a genre of film that had pretty much faded into distant memory (i.e. the 80's zombie flick) and gave it a modern edge. Based off the cult films of George Romero, Resident Evil created an immersing, suspenseful, and tense environment that proved beyond any doubt that video games weren't just for kids anymore. Naturally, for fans of such a blockbuster game franchise, they would expect similar quality in a feature film. Unfortunately, Paul W. S. Anderson's version comes out rather bland and uninspired despite what could have been a promising script. The first major issue has to be the budget of the film. With only 40 million dollars allotted to the project, there has to be certain limits to the quality that can be put into various elements of the movie. Sadly, Anderson & Company decided that the biggest cut should be placed on the film's final climactic monster, the Licker, from Resident Evil 2. On the small screen, the CGI and live action model looks passable and gets the point across. But when held up on it's own on the silver screen it just doesn't sell and you find yourself looking away in disappointment wondering how you could have ever gotten sucked in by something so corny.  The other problem was that there were only a few small sets used in the film and we see them so many times in the movie that you never really get the impression that the team is trapped in this massive, sprawling labyrinth that it's supposed to be. When you mix in the very pale lighting and sleek, clean, metallic look of all the interiors, you get the impression that you're in some kind of missile silo or command bunker rather than a research lab. And yet, it's not just the budget where everything really collapses. The real failure in the movie is the direction during the key action sequences. Anderson actually does a fairly superb job building the tension and keeping the interest of the viewer despite a script short on dialog or character development. It's only when the zombie's come hording in that the buildup collapses and the movie leaves you very unglued to your seat. Part of this is because Anderson breaks Rule #1 in action/horror film-making. That is, he kills off the expendables too early in the movie and the cast that he has left are all needed to fill the key plot holes for the climax. Had he made the team larger or paced the killing more slowly, it would have given the audience an increasing sense of dread and worked the tension to a fever pitch. When he does decide to slim down the cast in the film's last ten minutes, the deaths all seem rather random and lack creativity. The other mistake made by Anderson was showing too much of the face of the film's main villain--the guy who causes all this trouble in the first place. There is a decent subplot that runs throughout the film which happens in flashbacks whereby Milla's character, along with the viewer, tries to determine her identity. The movie tries to gradually imply that maybe Milla is the villain which of course never works because we already know that the bad guy is a man with dark hair wearing a black leather jacket.  If it weren't for these slip-ups, however, the film would've worked much better than it did. Tragically, the damage done was too great for any one individual to recoup. The direction of Anderson's was good so long as there was no action involved. Milla, given so little dialog, did such a stellar job in her body language that you leave the film feeling she was a dynamic character despite everything to the contrary. Michelle Rodriguez, aside from her comedic one-liners, never adds much to the film. Milla's fake boyfriend, Kaplan, and the special ops team leader (who gets killed by a hi-tech laser) all give great performances and all end up not surviving the film. As a final note, perhaps the performance by Marilyn Manson who did the movie's soundtrack, stands out the best. His driving mix of industrial rock and techno beats work well within the style of the film and give the necessary push that keeps this whole train rolling even though all the odds are stacked up in favor of it derailing in a bright flash of lost potential.     