 This game has stolen a large part of my life in recent months and is the most enjoyable simulation of Medieval warfare I've ever played. The world of Barbarossa, Saladin, Richard the Lionheart, Joan of Arc, the Mongol Horde, the Knights Templar and the Crusades, and the Inquisition are all richly recreated.  The level of detail is broad enough to engross the player without being so sophisticated to actually drag down gameplay into a decision-making nightmare. And, the combination of real-time 3D combat on very lifelike terrain with turn-based campaign management on a Risk-style game board is probably the biggest selling point. Unlike in RTS games (e.g. Age of Empires) where the object of the game is simply a frantic resource gathering and building exercise, in Medieval: Total War, you get to take the time to worry about all the details of your economy seperately, so that you can then commit your attention fully to your role as general. I cannot tell you how fulfilling it is to build your empire across Europe, North Africa, and Mesopotamia fighting every battle and building every province. A game like Medieval: Total War is too broad to properly cover in a short review so I will focus mainly on the AI of the computer and a few key details of the game system in both the campaign and battle scenarios. Campaign: The one thing about this game is that it is simply about war. The diplomacy system, and its lack of depth, clearly reflects this. You only have 3 diplomatic stances: war, neutral, and allied. For the most part, the term "ally" is a very loose term at best and you can never really know what your relationship with your friends are except by the amount of garrisons they keep camped outside your borders. In general, "ally" means that you are less likely to be invaded if that country neighbors your kingdom and that you can sometimes count on their support should your army invade a province that is accessible by their forces. But your relative command strength and the value of all your land holdings will determine how much security you'll have against rival factions. When you're at the bottom or the top, you'll be especially vulnerable to the machinations of greedy or jealous rivals. The aggressive monarch will ultimately persevere. The game is always full of surprises, though, and no two games will ever play alike but certain patterns do emerge that are dependent on which era you select as the game's start date and these patterns usually reflect historical truth. For example, in the Early period the Spanish of Castile are weak and exposed to the culture of Muslim N. Africa (Almohads) and often cave in under Islamic expansion leaving all of Western Europe ripe for conquest. However, under a good commander, the Spanish can persevere and reconquer Spain and then drive into the Holy Land by way of N. Africa to become the first successful crusaders, beating the French which have history on their side. Truly, anything can happen but it takes cunning and strategy and not a little bit of luck to survive. Overall, the campaign game is fairly simple and easy to learn although trying to keep track of your kingdom once it becomes impressively large gets to be a big headache as the game doesn't give out a lot of information display tools to help organize your realm. But the bottom line is money. The more of it you have, the more army you can support/create and the more likely you are to win. Lastly, all your generals have certain attributes that increase or decrease based on vices and virtues acquired in the game either randomly or by battlefield actions. Command and Acumen seem to have the most important effect in the normal game with Piety, Loyalty, and Dread being of less important or no importance. I don't know if they become more important in the higher difficulties. The Loyalty attribute of a province seems to be more important. If it dips below 100% you are almost certain to see the province revolt to either independent rebels or to the previous owners. This means keeping a garrison to cow the population into submission is just as important as defending your borders. Thus, it makes Blitzkrieg-style campaigns very unsuccessful. A final note: A REALLY neat thing about this game is that certain units only become availible when the game reaches a certain date. For example, until 1205, the arbitrary start date for the High period, no Catholic faction can train Chivalric Knights or Crossbowmen. Thus, even if you have all the buildings necessary to train these units, you still will have to wait until the year 1205 or 1321 to be able to take advantage of these advanced building structures. Unlike in Civilization or Rise of Nations, you can't "out-tech" your enemy because you build faster. Battle: The only down side to the battle scenario is that tactics are fairly limited with castle assaults being the most limited. The developers took the attitude of using castle walls as merely fences to protect your soldiers from direct assault until the enemy artillery breaks open an opening. Your defenses are pretty much predetermined by the type of castle you have built on your province and will always provide the same level of defensive fire. You can't commit any of your troops (say, your archers) to the castle walls and the only artillery you can use as well against a castle are catapults or bombards. Siege towers and battering rams are apparently not supported in the Medieval world created by the developers. Save for the fact that in river battles your men can't cross anywhere except by storming the bridges, most of the fights that occur on open terrain are reasonably fluid. But it eventually becomes apparent that most battles are usually won or lost before they are ever fought, much to Sun Tzu's liking. Once you know the effects of terrain, weather, generals, and unit abilities, vulnerabilities, and counters, you can fight your battles with a clinical simplicity. Creativity generally doesn't work to your favor unless its about battlefield positioning. Overall a fantastic game although you might want to download the updates as they improve a lot of the minor gameplay flaws.     