 I scrapped my first review of this game. This one is much better. Konami takes a different approach to horror than Capcom. Capcom usually goes for blood and gore and "drop your popcorn on the floor" moments with lots of melodramatic voice acting in between. I'd almost venture to say that the "Resident Evil" series has a very "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" feel to it. Konami, on the other hand, seem to like fanciful plays on madness, conversations with the insane, and lots and lots of fog. Even survival takes a different tack with Konami. Instead of shotguns, grenade launchers, and machine guns, you get planks, pipes, and "great knives." Instead of mansions, factories, and labs, you get apartments, hotels, and hospitals. Instead of zombies, hunters, and Tyrants, you get patient demons, closers, and Pyramid Heads. Instead of everything fitting linearly with a key to open just about anything, you often twist and turn both in terms of time and space with thousands of doors never budging. And finally, instead of trying to escape the evil that has overrun Raccoon City, you must accept that the minute you begin walking the lonely road into Silent Hill, it is evil, and not safety, that is your final destination. Like all survival horror games developed in Japan, the control scheme, well, sucks. But once you get it you either learn to live with it or change to the traditional 2D system in the options menu. The 3D rendered graphics are very grainy and all but entirely eclipsed by the teaser videos of Resident Evil 4. Even Silent Hill 3's graphics can't compare to Capcom's next breakthrough project. Still, it's enough to keep you in terror and half the time, everything is too dark to see clearly anyway. Although I think Resident Evil 4 is a little more forgiving to the eyes when it comes to wandering around the dark with a flashlight. This game just gives me motion sickness if I play it too long in the dark. The aural experience is more in-depth with a very good musical score that's a hybrid of anarchistic industrial sound and eerie moody orchestra. The dialogue is completely nonsensical and borders on the annoying at times. A fact further compounded by the "spooky kid" motif that seems to dominate horror a little too much these days. If children have no business playing these games, they have no business being in them! I for one am not scared by a little girl playing with dolls in an abandoned hospital filled with undead nurses swinging pipes. But that's just me. Videos and cutscenes are par for the course and you can be sure that most are well developed and add to the plot in ways that in-game exposition can't. Some of the scenes are really memorable and downright frightening. Others just leave you scratching your head or frowning at the TV with your best "I saw that coming" face. Characters are pretty undeveloped and placed rather randomly. All of them seem to share a different plight than the protagonist. While your character is in disbelief of the evil around him, everyone else seems to be pretty unfazed. Only one person, the aforementioned kid, seems to have any connection to the main storyline. With a new subscenario, multiple difficulty settings for action and puzzles, plus a plethora of unlockable endings, the replay value of this game is mediocre to good. An official ending would have been nicer. Try this title out if a) you like your horror with an   edge to it; b) you're going crazy waiting for Resident Evil 4 and Outbreak and need something to keep you busy; c) you hate Resident Evil and want to play something that will let you trash it forever and ever; d) you like stories that end at the beginning where the truth of a character is revealed from things that have already happened in that person's past. Overall an 8.5/10 ranking.     