 Code Veronica X is the story of Claire Redfield's ongoing search for her brother Chris which began at the RPD headquarters back in Resident Evil 2. The story picks up 3 months after the destruction of Raccoon City. In a very short, and overly abrupt opening movie, we see Claire stalking around and being chased by armed guards in some strange Umbrella lab in Europe. She's apprehended and taken to a prison on a lonely island owned by an enigmatic family called the Ashfords. Thus begins your quest in this fourth installment of the Resident Evil franchise.  By now, everyone knows how the game is played: you will travel through various mansions and labs collecting items to unlock new pathways all the while killing zombies, killer hounds, and other assorted BOWs as you make your escape from the hands of Umbrella. This game is no different. As a prisoner on this island, you will investigate the living quarters of the Ashford family (run by Alexander) and learn much about the origin of Umbrella Inc. You will also find out where Umbrella trains all its military forces such as the UBCS of RE3 and the Special Forces team of Hunk in RE2. The military training complex next to the Ashford royal palace occupies much of the first quarter of the game.  One of the new characters is a waifish young boy named Steve. He looks like an effiminate version of Leonardo DiCaprio and sounds twice as annoying. He'll help you (sort of) in parts of the game but for the most part you're exploring on your own. Eventually, you'll find a passageway in the palace that leads to a small castle where you'll discover the "truth" about one of the game's villains. The discovery prompts the now cliched self-destruct sequence and you'll have to work with Steve to access the last remaining flight out of there. An escape which is not only hampered by the efforts of Alexander but by the return of Resident Evil's biggest Nemesis: Albert Wesker!  Playing well upon it's overused formula, RECVX fools the player into thinking that once onboard the game is over. However, you soon discover that this is just the beginning. As the plane's autopilot takes over, Claire and Steve end up in the Antarctic of all places. Here, the Ashford family owns a separate research compound. Trapped again, escape lies in finding a way through the frozen ice. It's in this part of the game that Steve develops an infatuation with Claire. A sort of love-hate relationship develops. Out of all the other RE games, the melodrama gets really thick in this one.  I don't want to spoil how this chapter ends so I'll skip to the second half of the game. In disk 2, you will assume the role of Chris Redfield (hooray!) who's back in action after all these years (and still wearing his STARS uniform of all things!). He arrives at the island by boat shortly after Claire's departure. Much of this part of the game is filler. The destruction caused by the agents of Wesker has totally rearranged the layout of the military training facility. You will have to go around and undo much of what you did in Claire's game to escape the island. This part of the game was probably the most boring. The drab settings of the training base weren't very interesting the first time around and in the second iteration, the motonony is made worse because of the difficulty of getting to the games few item boxes. If you have the patience to persevere, though, you will eventually use Chris' talents from the air force to fly a Harrier to the Antarctic.  The last chapter is probably the games biggest selling point. In it we finally get to witness the reunion of the Redfields and the destruction of the Ashords. Alexia, the first-ever female villain in an RE title, has transformed into a sexy mutant whose combustible blood reminds me of the movie "Firestarter." When you stumble upon a replica of the grand hall of the Arklay Mansion from RE1, Alexia and Wesker will battle it out in a new clip that was cut from the original Dreamcast version. I think the cutting room floor made the right decision because Wesker's Matrix-like moves are beyond cheesy.  As the game reaches its conclusion, you will find the compound's self-destruct mechanism and enter the Code to initiate the final end-game sequence. The last boss fight is moderately challenging but easily overcome. Once defeated, Wesker will show up one last time to interfere. The fight between Chris and Wesker is hella cool and worth all the hard work! Fate, however, intervenes and Wesker makes his escape via submarine with his prize: a sample of the T-Alexia Virus. As the game ends on board the Harrier, Chris makes the promise to finally put an end to Umbrella. I find this comment humorous in light of the intro to Resident Evil 4 since more than likely at that timeframe Umbrella was probably already finished.  Graphics and Sound: Although built off of the powerful Sega Dreamcast, the game is starting to show its age noticeably. The fully 3D graphics feature rather bland textures that tend to dwell in the blue-gray end of the color spectrum a little too much. The character models look pretty crisp and lifelike but the body movements and motion capture come off as stiff and rigid. The FMVS are of surprisingly high quality though and some of the detail in the facial features are on par with the other, newer GameCube RE titles.  As far as audio is concerned, the music and sound effects are also showing their age. The moans of zombies and the pop of the shotgun discharging sound little different from those used in the original Resident Evil. The musical score of this game is also the most forgettable out of all the RE games. The only themes that come to mind are the Ashford's lullaby, the theme that plays in the title sequence, and the theme that plays once you get the card key to the self-destruct mechanism at the game's end.  Bottom Line: Resident Evil: Code Veronica X is a hit-and-miss expansion to the legendary franchise. The world of Umbrella is more richly explored in the history of the Ashford family. Claire Redfield finally reunites with Chris, thus completing her mission from RE2. Albert Wesker makes his reappearance as a super-human nemesis and the new face of evil for the franchise. And yet, despite all this, the game leaves more questions than answers. Weren't Jill and Barry in Europe too? What happened to them? Where's Sherry in all this? How could Claire leave her after Raccoon City without a mother and father? Who is the real face behind Umbrella? How did the Ashford family fall from grace and become bit-part players in the Umbrella conglomerate?  Capcom, always very lethargic about putting effort into making a good story, leaves the player cheated of all these answers. With the release of RE4 earlier this year, CVX plays more like a side-quest or an expansion pack of the Raccoon City saga. IMO, if any of the remaining RE titles should be remade, it should be this one. If Umbrella is to be no more, than Capcom deserves to give its fan-base the final showdown we all deserve and Code Veronica could have delivered. Trouble is, it didn't and now fans will always feel cheated that this story never played out to its end.  Otherwise, all things considered, this game is fun to play on a rainy day when you're bored and have got nothing better to do. It's forced length sometimes makes segments of the game tedious and boring, but the encounters between the Ashfords and the Redfields offer just enough excitement to keep you glued to your seat. I give this title 4 stars solely for that. A newbie will find this game very elaborate. However, the seasoned veteran will probably feel short-changed.     