 This is an excellent, concise introduction to the ideas of Karl Marx. Although the book is a bit dated, it still markets itself to people who know very little about Marxism. The book's title is deceiving because although it takes a "for and against" perspective on most Marxist ideas, it is really setting you up for consideration of communism as a political and economic reality and whether or not you would be willing to consider embracing such a society from the ideas explained in the book. Following a prescient introductory chapter, the book unfolds into four chapters starting with (1) a discussion of dialectics. This is an essential discussion that most critics of Marxist thought often overlook but it is the core of Marx's understanding of reality. The significance of this chapter is it lays the groundwork for a paradigm that Marx uses throughout his analysis of capitalism. From this discussion he moves to (2) historical materialism or the idea that the economy, or more aptly put, the society's mode of production, forms the base that governs the organization of human society. This sets up the key chapter (3) on what Heilbroner dubs the "Socioanalysis of Capitalism." Here we find the familiar topics of alienation, surplus value, and the labor theory of value--the ideas that are probably what Marx is most famous for to the layman. The last chapter that deals explicitly with Marxism is (4) a chapter on the commitment to socialism that discusses among other things the ideology shifts that would have to occur in order for a successful communist state to succeed. Lastly, there is an equally readable conclusion.  Overall the book is fairly impartial and devotes enough patience to Marxist rhetoric to allow it to express itself as fully as it was intended in the scope of such a small book. I would recommend this book especially to students of social science that are taking a course in economic anthropology or something similar on those lines because the author zeroes in on the social implications of Marxist theory more so than on the economic concepts. Because this book is a serious, academic summary of ideas, I would only recommend this to college students or people with a good humanities/social science background who want a fairly broad yet substantive summary of Marxism. If you're cramming for a high school course on civics or history, I'd look to something more simpler like the "Marx in 90 minutes" series. In general, it's a good book.     