 Mix one part "Tales From The Crypt" with one part "The Fifth Element" with one part of any psychological thriller and you have Eternal Darkness. You assume the role of several characters through time in a battle against the avatar of one of the Ancients (gods that existed before humanity). Along the way, you will acquire the magical skills necessary to do battle with Pious Augustus (the avatar for the ancient seeking entrance into your world). This had the potential to be a great game but after completing it in a couple days I couldn't help but feel incredibly disappointed. For starters, graphically the game is quite uninspiring. In fact, the PSOne could easily handle this game without a tremendous loss in quality. The combat system, too, is very simplistic. You will use guns or swords and bludgeoning weapons to decapitate the heads and arms of your adversaries. You will fight room after room of skeletons, mummies, three-headed ogres, little scorpions, and a kobold-like creature with sharp spear-like appendages for arms. And that's pretty much it. After about 10 minutes of it, it gets really repetitive. This game is incredibly easy. In fact, half the time you can just walk around enemies and never even half to fight anything at all! The AI is that stupid! The other big problem are the levels and puzzles. You technically will only visit 4 levels in this game. Although as you revisit them throughout history things will noticeably change, yet the overall textures and room layouts remain pretty static. Since there are only 12 chapters total, the designers should have taken the time to add more depth to the levels to keep things interesting and better reflect the passage of time. It would certainly give the game a more epic feel, but instead, after your first time through, it's almost like you just play 4 areas over and over again.  Another thing that will give you headaches are the puzzles. Most are very simple but quite a few of them are really confusing mainly because they are not very obvious. One gets the impression that the designers did this deliberately to make the game appear like it was more detailed than it really is. Lastly, there is the much touted insanity effects. First of all, forget about this game scaring you. It won't. Part of that is because the graphics are so dull but mainly because the insanity effects, which were supposed to up the fear factor a notch higher than it's Resident Evil cousin, add absolutely nothing to the game. There are only about 10 or more things that happen when your sanity meter sinks. Sometimes, you'll see bugs crawling across your screen trying to fool you into getting something to kill them when it turns out that they aren't real. Or, you'll walk into a room littered with ammunition only to see them disappear from your inventory when you try to collect them. I particularly like the one that deletes all your save games only to find that it was just insanity! Essentially, the only creepy aspect of the low sanity effect is the crying and muffled screams that blast from your speakers. Everything else is pretty clich. To recap: Pros Storyline is very engrossing. A large part of that is due to the voice-acting which is superbly done by professional thespians! Sound effects are intense and of VERY high quality. The magic system is very original and adds a tremendous amount to gameplay.  Cons Combat system reminds me of Legend of Zelda or Double Dragon. Sanity effects add little to the game and actually slow it down in parts. Levels are undeveloped.  There is little replay value.  Bottom line: As an introduction to a new adventure universe, Eternal Darkness delivers. As an enjoyable game with lasting value, it falls well below the mark. This game should have been 3 to 4 times as long to even call it a real game because so much of it is replayed over the same areas.     