 The Resident Evil line was supposed to go from RE2 to RE:Code Veronica, but somewhere along the way Capcom decided to cash in with this short sequel. Thus, it is somewhat understandable that this is no doubt the shortest of all the Resident Evil games. Nevertheless, don't let the lack of depth fool you because, in terms of replay value, this sequel is the best to date for many reasons. First, RE:Nemesis, more so than the others before it, emphasizes action over suspense. It has none of that stupid item harvesting nonsense like: "what does this wierd emblem do" and "how do I find a key to open that closet door" so that I can "get a crank to turn this movable shelf" so that I can "dodge a trap boulder" and--you get the idea. Yes, you will have to light the now cliched fireplace once in your adventure but you can't hope for perfection just yet. Once you streamline the puzzles and the item ferrying you get the focal point of the game: Nemesis. This guy will hound you through the entire adventure and is relentless in his pursuit. You get very little breathing space in this game to stop and smell the decaying biomatter which is the second plus of RE3. Unlike the other 2 games before it where you were pretty much confined initially in one building (until you got the 4 arbitrary puzzle pieces to unlock the "mid-game" door), in RE3 you will dwell in one particular part of town very briefly and will be ducking into and out of buildings to find clues to your escape. Actually, you will be searching for a series of puzzle pieces mid-way into the game to start a rail car .... Along the way you will encounter other characters who will help you in your escape and unlike in the previous games, this time they at least make a token effort to try and get out of there too. Concerning the quality of the game design itself, in terms of graphics, this sequel is much sharper and more detailed than its predecessors. The polygon count for the models have increased giving all the characters more depth and realism. The combat system has been improved: you can actually dodge enemy attacks and they have also added a 180-degree turn which allows you to quickly run away from a close assailant. In some rather intense action scenes, a pop-up menu will appear forcing you to choose between two alternatives. The choice you make will have either minor or major effects upon the storyline. As for those who were hoping for relief from the now infamous tank-like control scheme, don't expect any here as nothing has changed. There will still be fixed camera shots looking down on your character at wierd angles with lots of narrow streets to navigate through. But for those of you who can put up with the awkward control scheme ..., this game should please the avid gamer.  Bottom Line: In a series that is quickly exhausting its store of new ideas, RE:Nemesis applies the tried and true formula with addictive results. How long this effortless success will last on Capcom's part will depend on whether or not players are willing to keep eating the same thing up over and over again.  Key highlights Less item collecting Majority of the puzzles fit logically into the gaming universe and don't seem contrived--some exceptions (note puzzles are more difficult) More combat; more weapons; more enemies  More in-game cut scenes Alternate endings Has an unlockable mini-game that is playable once you beat the game Two difficulty settings 5 new unlockable costumes 8 RE epilogue files detailing what happens to all the RE characters at the end of RE3 And much much more.     