 Visually stunning, cleverly paced, narratively weak, addictively playable, completely engrossing: Resident Evil 4 isn't your typical third-person adventure game. Earlier builds of Resident Evil 4 were downright terrifying and the footage of a grown-up Leon stalking through eerie mansion halls and crypt lairs deep underground seemed like the natural progression from Code Veronica's over the top game environments. But all was not well in the developers' studio and that version of the game was scrapped. Now, looking at the recently released footage of the previous versions of RE4, the game doesn't look quite so impressive when all that juicy footage is taken back into context. Jump ahead, though, to the present where everything you thought you knew about Resident Evil was completely turned inside out and upside down.  Gameplay The first thing you'll notice about this new game is that it plays much differently than any game out there. The semi-first person perspective makes combat a lot more visceral and complicated. Instead of the simple auto-aiming at mindless enemies off-screen, the new laser-guided aiming system makes for incredibly addictive gameplay. Now, you can target "zombies" in the eyes causing them to stumble back shaking their heads. Or, if you prefer, shoot them in the legs to drop them on their knees stopping them in their tracks. Then, in either instance, run up to them and press the new action button to perform a powerful kick to send them flying with or without their heads! In fact, there are all kinds of ways to take out enemies. Aim for their weapon hand and place a couple of well timed shots to render them fairly harmless. Blast projectiles in mid-air as they coming hurling at you. As the game progresses, many of the enemies will be wearing body armor and you'll have to be even more precise in you're aiming in order to hit at enemies who might be invulnerable in all areas but one or two key hit zones. Truly, this style of gameplay has never before been attempted and is one of the reasons why killing horde after horde of the Las Plagas never gets boring. Gameplay aside, the new perspective makes the game feel less like you're watching a movie and more like you're in the movie acting out the leading role!  New Features The introduction of the merchant, the action button(s), interactive "movies," yellow herbs, partner protecting, and intelligent AI are all new additions to this game.   The merchant basically replaces the old item box although thankfully in this game you can discard items when you need to. Some of the things he sells besides weapons are treasure maps, larger inventory cases, first aid sprays, and weapon upgrades (ala Fatal Frame). The money you collect from dead bodies or from rare treasure hidden throughout the game can be used to buy better classes of handguns, shotguns, or special weapons like a single use rocket launcher or mine-thrower. There is an impressive arsenal at your disposal and all the weapons have their own strengths and weaknesses and some weapons completely suck until you pump in a couple of hundred thousand pesetas in them. All in all the merchant, although a little unrealistic at times, is a nice addition to THIS installment of RE.   The action button(s) come up in boss fights, short in-game cinematic sequences, and at places where the player can interact with the gaming environment. Most of these occurrences involve dodging, jumping over objects or frantically pushing one button to simulate trying to escape danger. They're not too difficult to master and add more style to the game but don't necessarily make things more enjoyable.  The new herb in this game, the yellow herb, allows you to increase the max HP for Leon. The main effect this has on the game is that as your opponents get tougher you can compensate by increasing your own stamina and thereby absorb their attack without dying.  When you rescue Ashley in the numerous episodes in the game, she will tag along with you. You have to keep her from harms way and not lose sight of her. If the Las Plagas get a hold of her and carry her away your mission is over. For the most part she is completely useless and whines like Natalie Portman in Leon The Professional whenever a "zombie" so much as farts on her but she does break up the monotony and says cute things when you try to look up her skirt.  Because this game is labeled survival horror, you can expect a lot of challenges. However, none of them presents itself as more difficult than dealing with enemies who are intelligent and cooperative (on a superficial level).  Characters Resident Evil 4 brings back Leon and Ada from RE2. Leon is a much more mature, masculine presence in the game and is completely likeable as hero. Ada is now an enigmatic secret agent working for the notorious Wesker. Not much elaboration is made in the game itself of how they become colleagues so I don't consider this information a spoiler. Both characters are completely reborn as tough, combat veterans. There is also a girl who appears via your radio/codec called Ingrid Hunnigan who tells you where to go and what to do for parts of the game. She's a regular Miss Moneypenny.   Wesker is a part of the story but never makes an appearance in the main game. The new archenemy is an enigmatic fellow by the name of Osmund Saddler aka Lord Saddler (Osmund Saddler = Ozwell Spencer? hmmm). He's not a spectacular villain and plays out like a cheap rip-off of some cheesy Bond nemesis (ala Tomorrow Never Dies). His son, Ramon Salazar is much more amusing but not at all threatening. Nicholai Ginovaef reprises his role to some extent in the form of Jack Krauser, a cheap ripoff of the former UBCS supervisor. A nice little sub-boss that ends up being the funnest fight of them all.  Story There are basically three levels. The Pueblo village (day and night), a castle and its crypts/mines, and an island base filled with labs/encampments. The pacing is fairly swift once night falls onto the village. The bosses make their appearance at fairly random intervals. You never anticipate when a big fight is coming which heightens the tension while playing. Sometimes an ordinary slug-fest gets turned into an all out nightmare when one of the games more cantankerous villains shows up to join the party. (One good example of this is where you get stuck in a tiny cage with a guy I like to call Edward Scissorhands.)  In general, the dialogue is performed well but a little too cheesy at times. It never seems like anyone is really that concerned with what's going on. The desperation is never really there in the voice acting (a deliberate B-movie homage?). It's kind of taken for granted that you will eventually win as there is only one ending to the game and, much like other Mikami directed RE games, completely sucks.  The one place where I felt the story fell short was during the trek through the castle. The enemies, bosses, and levels all seemed like they were put there deliberately to drag the game out a little longer. The care involved wasn't as great as in the first and last parts of the game. However, once you reached the island base, the meshing of old RE and the new gameplay really fit nicely.  Conclusion This is the best game to come out of any production studio in a long time. It's sad that the PS2 port will cut in on the sales of what is really the biggest breakthrough title for the GameCube. The basic elements of the old RE are still there but added are the larger than life characters of Metal Gear Solid, the non-stop action and dazzling special moves of James Bond, and hints of other recent survival horror games like Fatal Frame. Some die-hard fans may not like the change in direction, but I for one love this game. I just hope the next RE game will bring back Jill, Chris, Barry, and some of that old RE melodrama that doesn't really factor into this game's story.     