 Well, Iron Maiden is getting older and so am I. I'm just glad as I've matured over the years so too have all the guys in the band. Instead of attempting a rather forced throwback to their former days like in the "Brave New World" recordings, Maiden went for a sound that was musically classic Maiden with lyrics that touch issues that never really played much prominence in the band's long history of non-political songwriting. Tracks like "Face in the Sand," and "Age of Innocence" seem to speak almost directly to the turmoil of our times. "Wildest Dreams," "Rainmaker," "Journeyman," and "No More Lies" all address the need for change, redemption, or freedom in life and are all great Maiden rockers. The left over tracks run the gamut of an anti-war epic "Paschendale" to an anthem for the Templars "Montsegur" and the title track "Dance of Death" which is very reminiscent of "Number of the Beast." The only semi-floppy song of the album being "Gates of Tommorrow," a song lashing out against bio-engineering and playing God through science. Stylistically, you can really hear the songs that started out as Murray-Gers partnerships to Murray-Smith partnerships. The latter partnership is much more heavy and musically layered but Adrian pretty much wails away on all the songs adding that extra creative power that was lacking since his departure. Bruce's voice is not nearly as creative as in "Brave New World" sounding more formulaic to the old Maiden sound albeit with a little deeper pitch than before. What is lacking are the grandiose flights of fancy on the guitars in the songs intros and bridges. While most songs tend to start off with very clean, delicate melodies that build into more crunchy, punchier distorted guitars, the time changes and intercut musical themes of Maiden-yesteryear are all but absent leaving behind a much more stripped down sound that would actually sound quite boring if Bruce wasn't singing. I'd have to say that this album isn't the greatest thing I've ever heard but still very enjoyable. I almost would like to see the boys just go all out and try something totally new on their next album, maybe doing almost an entire acoustic set. At any rate, probably anyone reading this review is a total Maiden fan anyway and the point of me trying to convince you to buy this album would be pointless. It's definitely the best classic Maiden sounding album to come out since "Piece of Mind" or "Fear of the Dark." Good job. Up the Irons!     