 "The Others" is very much like the "Sixth Sense," "Memento," "The Conversation," "Seven," and other types in this genre (no, not horror, but mystery). Once you know the ending to the plot, the pleasure of the film is immediately lost. That having been said, I'll try to offer a fairly impartial review without revealing any spoilers. This movie is not a scare-a-minute. It's much more subtle than that. Nearly all of the action takes place within the confines of an expansive estate in the country with only two significant exterior sequences. The plot is pretty simple: a young, wealthy mother of two is alone in her home while her husband has been missing since the end of the war almost a year ago (FYI: World War II).  The film opens with a scream (literally) and the introduction of the replacement servants (apparently the previous help left in the middle of the night a short while back for reasons we aren't explicitly told but can presume rather quickly). From there, it's just your typical haunted house story and unfolds from one marvelously acted, well-shot scene to the next. Nicole Kidman's performance is solid and for those of you who admired Haley Joel Osment from the "Sixth Sense," you will be surprised to see some very quality performances by two child actors who will definitely give you the willies--along with nearly everyone else in the cast. The two children, by the way, both have a rare skin disease which make them unable to withstand exposure to sunlight. Whenever the kids are out and about in daylight, all the doors have to be locked and the windows shut. It's an eccentricity that gets played upon fairly well in the film. There are very little "encounter" sequences or clichd theatrical flairs in this film. Nearly all of the suspense is aural as opposed to visual. The director refrains from showing you any paranormal activity and just allows the audience's minds to wander and fill in the details that aren't shown on screen. This actually does the film a great service because it focuses on the main point of the film: the acting and the actors themselves. Who will like this film: anyone who enjoys CLASSIC horror films and outstanding "intelligent thrillers" will likely take to this film. For people who like mysteries with well-executed last minute plot twists or are just looking for a refreshing take on an idea that's already been run into the ground, this film might also satisfy. The simple truth of the matter is, if you don't like movies about haunted houses (and I'm talking about the good ol' fashioned creepy country homes style haunted house pictures), then you won't like this movie--period! But if you are into the genre to begin with, than you pass the litmus test of being able to put up with all the clichs that come with the territory.  Mark my words, this movie is not meant to modernize or make trendy the idea of haunted houses like most of the mystery/horror films out there today. It is art by numbers in the sense that it takes a very strict formula and applies in such a way that actually works. And considering how little creative space and how little room for error there are in these type of films, I would say the film succeeds admirably and give it 4 stars. On its merits as just an ordinary film in any genre, I'd have to give it a 2.5 to 3 star ranking.     