 Resident Evil, having lost it's horror edge, has striven harder to achieve a more cinematic feel. In the recent GameCube remake, this gradual metamorphosis was nearly perfected. The highly detailed pre-rendered backgrounds along with the gorgeously constructed character models and in-game cinematics combined to easily make a game that was almost more enjoyable to watch than play. Nevertheless, the transition from video game to "feature film played with a joystick" wasn't complete until now in this latest Zero chapter featuring the final appearance of the "classic gameplay" seteup of the RE franchise.  The level of detail pales in comparison to any other video game out there and I could only describe the spectacular beauty of this game as art design run amuck. Nearly everything in the game was meticulously crafted to create a totally convincing reality. If Raccoon City's dark forests and spooky mansions didn't exist in your mind already then they were imprinted indelibly hereafter. In comparing it to the remake, it's not so much that the graphics are way better as they are so much more over the top.  All this eye candy belies the fact that there isn't much of a game. A new character, Billy Coen, was added, plus a new villain (Dr. James Marcus). The magic boxes were dropped in favor of a new item dropping system which was supposed to enhance gameplay. But like all things new, it sometimes works and sometimes doesn't. While I will say it's convenient it doesn't reduce the amount of backtracking you have to do ferrying items around anymore than in previous RE titles. The game itself still revolves around unlocking doors to new areas and finding hidden items to solve puzzles. The partner zapping system also lacks in depth. The few puzzles that require two characters or a different character's attributes are all pretty obvious and would not have enhanced the game much if either character was allowed to perform all the actions in the game independently. The added character also tends to get in the way when moving around in the games innumerable cramped hallways. In combat, the partner character is more a liability than an asset because they tend to only stand in one place and shoot. As support fire against a zombie, however, Becky sometimes serves useful. Otherwise, you'll probably end up loading Billy with the guns and ammo and let him do all the dirty work. Story-wise, we know most of the details already so what we get is more a clarification of things already told in other games than a new chapter in and of itself. Continuity-wise too, much of what is revealed in the game is actually contradictory to events in later titles or involves information that assumes prior exposure to the rest of the RE story. But the biggest problem of flow is the issue of Rebecca's personality. From Zero to One they just don't match up. This isn't that big a deal since Capcom, true to form, dodged the bullet by making Jill's game in the remake the official story anyway. Wrapping up, it's another killer title in a killer franchise but only improves on an already well-tuned system by small steps and no major leaps or bounds. After all these years, you would hope Capcom would bring the series up to date (it's almost 2004 and the STARS are still stuck the last half of 1998!). I guess you can't blame them for wanting to stretch out the Raccoon City plotline as long as possible since creating something new would be a harder challenge in appeasing the diehard fans. I'd say this game is a true coda (not a prequel) to the series so far and is great to whet the appetite until the much anticipated release of Outbreak and RE4 next year.     