 This game is a 3 star title really but either loses or gains a half star depending on whether or not you've played the original Silent Hill. Since I turned to this series only recently, I had never played the PlayStation original. But having just beaten a copy of it, I've had to rethink my view on this game. In my initial run through, I found the story tremendously confusing. It went from giving out no information at all for vast tracks of the journey and then bam! It suddenly came out with a torrent of material that I couldn't get a handle on. I had to read and reread several files trying to make sense of a story that was already told in another game. It didn't exactly help either that most of the enlightening clues revealed at the end were visual instead of textual. (One good example would be the wheelchair motif that kept reoccurring throughout the game. I had absolutely no clue why it was there until recently.)  So now, looking back, I must say two things. First, this game is somewhat flawed in that it is not a stand-alone product. Because most of the key information is assumed to be common knowledge for the game's target audience, much of the game is entirely nonsensical filler. In fact, up until you complete your trek from the shopping mall to your apartment, there is no story at all--just buildup. Second, Konami have seemingly mastered the art of "environmental horror" or the way to elicit terror from creating 3D environments that instill a sense of fear and insanity like no other game out there. They use this technique almost exclusively in this game. Unlike in Silent Hill 2 where the story played off the spooky environments, adding that little extra push over the edge, this game really doesn't try to get very creative and just shows you Hell in 3D. So for the gamer who likes eye candy and insanity, this title will give you more than a mouthful. As far as gameplay is concerned, there are only two new things really. There is a block feature now which may have many of you cooing. Instead of just taking a hit like a man, Konami decided that, yes, in fact people do try to defend themselves when being attacked. Second, you can now assign an item (for example a health drink) to a hot key and heal with the press of an R3 push instead of awkwardly cutting to your menu every 20 seconds to down a little bit of grandpa's ol' cough syrup.  One other cool thing that doesn't always seem to be something you can rely upon is the fact that Heather's character model will now look at a door or object if it is either accessible or usable respectively. Unfortunately, sometimes it doesn't seem to respond or responds in a situation where you can't really make out what has caught Heather's attention. I think that this is a neat feature that Konami should polish up on for the next title as it makes navigating in Silent Hill so much less of a chore (seriously, why all these freakin' doors that won't open, at least mark them on the map so we don't have to waste our time!) In terms of graphics, cinema, and in game presentation, the quality is overall sharper and more richly detailed than Silent Hill 2. The soundtrack that comes with the game is also worth a listen with some tracks being highly likable as nice mood pieces. However, most of the actual songs performed by the singer/songwriter are rather flat after a few listens. The lack of multiple endings which has been a benchmark of this series is also perplexing leaving only 3 rather unappetizing rewards for all your hard work. There are a plethora of unlockable weapons and costumes to enjoy although most of the outfits are just different textures layered onto a stock outfit. Overall this game is a decent effort but unfortunately doesn't cover any new ground for the series and often reuses the same monsters and levels. It's not nearly as great as the hype that preceded it but for the total Silent Hill junkie, you might easily find yourself changing your pants in glee rather often, particularly when you spot all the Silent Hill 1 tie-ins. For the casual gamer, however, or for the fan who hopped onto the bandwagon late, you might want to save your money until a used copy becomes available that's more agreeable with your budget. My advice: rent before you buy, or at least rent the original and beat it before you play it-it will save you a lot of aggravation and rage later on.     