 The opening shot of this movie is one of the most beautiful pieces of cinema that I've ever seen. When I first saw it in the theaters with the haunting musical score by Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard backing it up, I was totally mesmerized. In fact, there are too many shots like this throughout the entire film, garlanding the story in short visual flashes, to be able to mention them all here. One sequence I will mention, however, is the final death of the hero. All I can say is if my death is nearly half as beautiful as his, I will not be afraid of dying. Ridley Scott's artistic eye is ever-present and he can turn an ordinary slug-fest into a ballet of rhythm and sound with bursts of color in the form of the most artistic display of bloodletting you will probably ever find in a film about gladiators.  But now for the bad news. Despite all the talent that was put into making this movie, the overall lack of an engrossing plot severely handicaps what was otherwise a great film. The story is just too simple and there are no twists to keep us interested. A great general, Maximus (Russell Crowe), close friend of an ailing, dying Emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris), who, like all men in the winter of their life, questions the value of his achievements, is asked to serve as his successor in lieu of his own son for the purpose of surrendering imperial power and returning it to the people of Rome in an attempt to give back that city it's former greatness. This wish is taken unwillingly by a man who desires nothing more but an end to war and a leave to go home. But the ambitious scheming of the man who has the most to gain by the emperor's death, heir apparent Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), forces the general to be disposed of so as not to threaten the line of succession. Thus, the three acts of the movie are very early sketched out: general, slave, gladiator. As far as the hero and villain are concerned, that describes the entirety of it. You'd think that there were so many directions you could take with two characters whose connection is as volatile as that but either the script or the filmmakers chose to apply the usual theatrical flairs and, trust me, somewhere by the 2-hour mark you will be completely bored with both of them. This lack of depth in the main characters is supported by a skeleton crew of supporting cast members. The Emperor's sister, Lucilla (Connie Nielsen) is a revelation of older Hollywood movies where leading ladies were elegant, refined, powerful, but always overshadowed by less-interesting but more imposing men. Her relationship with Maximus, regretfully, is never really explored. Instead, in keeping with character, loyalty to a wife (even a dead one) was chosen (quite incorrectly, too) as more important to the film than their romantic connection and the loss to the film is never really redeemed. Oliver Reed (Proximo), the eventual trainer of Maximus, and Joaquin Phoenix both steal the show. The three senators, Gaius, Gracchus, and Falco are all uninspired characters in the same vein as most of the fellow comrade-in-arms fighting alongside Crowe in the Colosseum. Senator Gracchus' insistent quipping to Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix about whether they will sincerely do what's best for Rome grows particularly tiresome. Rome itself is never really shown wanting of true leadership and never appears like a dynamic, vibrant city either. In truth, the constant repeating of the glory of Rome gets lost in the din of the Colosseum. Consequently, the thing that sets this whole chain of events in motion is really not something that is ever questioned as something worth saving. The viewer is robbed of that tangible sense of a fall from grace that is necessary to carry a picture of this magnitude. I would have to say the star of this movie should not have been Russell Crowe. I think he was miscast in this picture only because the part demanded someone a little less interesting. His greatness is unmistakable but his motives seem beneath him. A less independent person would have filled his shoes better; an actor who could better portray the sense of obedience to duty. From script to screen, the bulk of this picture is filler. It's almost as if the writers took a keen idea that looked good on a piece of paper and then stretched that idea with little more creativity applied for roughly 2 and half hours. This movie would have succeeded better if nearly half of the dialogue was dumped in favor of more visually driven story-telling. As it stands, the telling falls way short of the showing.     