 John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge are to management fads what the  little child was to the naked emperor and The Witch Doctors is their  manifest. When you enter the pages of this extremely well written oeuvre  you're bascially not in Management-haven, Kansas anymore. Where management  literature usually dramatizes, Micklethwait and Wooldridge present a sober  view and make a point of playing down the actual impact and importance of  so-called Gurus. With the stealth and graceful elegance of secret service  assassins, the authors meticulously work through thinkers and movements,  with chapters divided for pedagogic simplicity into chronological order.  Something striking is the high correlation between the chronology and the  order of importance; this could be attributed to nostalgia but is more  likely a result of the fact that management "thinking" has become  unscrupulously popular over the last decade, with everyone from football  coaches to Roseanne Barr wanting to share their secrets of success with  results that, at best, can be described as mixed. It is therefore no  coincidence that the final, and most enjoyable, chapter is entitled "A walk  on the wild side" - a reference to the fact that many of the people that  get in on the action today bear more than a little resemblance to actual  witch doctors with results as often doubtful as they are deceiving. Better  then to long for yesteryear when men were men and people like Charles  Handy, Michael Porter and, the Godfather of management thinkers, Peter  Drucker roamed free. But even in the chapters describing these earlier  movements, Micklethwait and Wooldridge employ the dry, sarcastic wit that  is so intimately associated with their mother magazine, The Economist. It  is not that they're so much angry or accusatory as genuinely professional  journalists and in era when the borders between the editorial and the  commercial interests are constantly blurred, this is the least one could  ask for. You may be one of those people who prefer to immerse yourself in  an experience, such as watching the parade of a naked emperor or gawking at  a "truly amazing behind-the-scenes look at a new movie" which is often what  management seminars are all about from a metaphorical perspective. But if  you don't mind, or perhaps even prefer, a tell-it-like-it-is perspective  even though it may ruin your temporary immersion in something, The Witch  Doctors is a rare gem. Why not test yourself; are you a channel 7-action  news kind of a person or someone who takes the time to read through a daily  newspaper? Do you see management seminars as a source of knowledge or as  one of entertainment? And finally, do you prefer to look away when you  catch an accidental glance at Mickey Mouse stripping off his costume at  Disneyland to keep the illusion real or do you revel in the fact that  Disneyworld is just one more commercial attraction like many others and one  that, in purpose, is no different from the K-Mart down the street? If you  preferred the former in each of these questions, congratulations to you and  the management literature industry since Amazon and its competitors will  always have rows of titles uncovering corporate "secrets", seven  "brilliant" thoughts on nothing in particular and countless case studies  about companies you've never heard of or will never have much in common  with. If you, on the other hand, preferred the latter, The Witch Doctors is  a valuable and helpful delight to read. Trivializing -sure, but not if you  compare it to the way that three centuries of literature is compressed into  vulgar travesties like "Chicken Soup for the faint-hearted" in this day and  age.     