 Mao Tse-tung was once asked what he thought the consequences were of the French Revolution. "Too early to say", was his response. Non-revisionist generational outlooks are difficult indeed. They tend to fall into one of three categories: The blurred (i.e. everything these days is just so muddled together that it's impossible to make some kind of generalisation about what's going on, i.e. Blur by Chris Meyer and Stan Davis); the lamenting (everything is going straight to hell and we're along for the ride, i.e. No Logo or Fast Food Nation) and those void of any critical analysis whatsoever (i.e. Funky Business by Nordstrom and Ridderstrale). Can you blame them? Analytical objectivity takes ages to master, as any psychoanalyst can attest to. Chairman Mao's statement underlines the difficulty in trying to put things into historical perspective.  Bobo's in Paradise is an uplifting example of how these weaknesses can be turned into an advantage.  The book is blurry, generalist, uncritical and, an absolute delight to read.  David Brooks is a full-fledged bobo himself. Although this is never quite articulated, one can piece together enough evidence in the text to put together a solid case. The bohemian bourgeoisie is nicely summed up by Brooks as having "the bohemian need to experience new things combined with the bourgeoisie need to achieve". Everything, Brooks continues, that bobo's touch or tamper with "turn into soul". This "Reverse Midas"-syndrome is a way of describing the mid-/ upper-class' self-importance in the latest decades. Never have so many people fought on the last rung of the Maslowian ladder. Never have so trivial and trite things as kitchen utensils or skiing equipment been loaded with so much "meaning". Something is indeed rotten in the state of Boboland. What gives Brooks' work its charm is first and foremost his literary style. Written in a sort of mock-generational study language, the words savour with wit and sarcasm. But Brooks never succumbs to ridicule or prejudice. Behind each comment and observation lies an insight that can only have been gained from being there. If a non-Bobo would have written this, the book would more likely have fallen prey to the less interesting accusational/ political trap. Bobo's in paradise works at its best when read as an entertaining observation. Using the book as basis for all other discussions, important as they may be, should be avoided.     