 "Nobody captures the zeitgeist like Tom Wolfe". That is the analysis drawn by some reviewer when "A Man in Full" was released. To capture the feeling of the times is a goal that many writers aspire to and one that many fail at. So it is hardly a minor compliment that these reviewers, who shall remain unnamed, gives to Wolfe and his latest novel. But is it accurate? Wolfe's main preoccupation in his last two novels, the other being the Bonfire of the Vanities, is that of racial tension and conflict. In America, one must hasten to add. His tools in portraying present-day US consists of class juxtaposition (In "Bonfire..." it is the Upper East Side vs The Bronx, In "A Man..." it is Atlanta's Buckhead vs. English Avenue) and the, often highly coincidental, clash between representatives from each side. If every Wolfe novel had a subtitle, Shakespeare-style, "A reversal of fortune" would be suitable for a good deal of Wolfe's work.  Wolfe doesn't reflect what's going on in America. At least not the way a conventional mirror would. Wolfe's reflection is more reminiscent of a Fun-house style wobbly imitation of the real word. "Larger than life" is a phrase that was invented to describe Wolfe's writing. In "A Man...", the character blow-ups consist of Cap'm Charlie Croker, a narrow minded self-made Southern type who'd give Jerry Jones a run for his money; Fareek "The Cannon" Fannon, a hotshot football player from "da" bad side of town; Conrad Hensley, a laid-off  factory -employee of Croker's, and Roger "Too" White, a legal counsel running errands to the city's colored mayor who's in turn fishing for votes in time for the upcoming election. The risk an author always takes when he strives for "larger-than-life" is to create stereotypes, where stereotypes based on prejudice represents the least desirable. Wolfe generally steers clear of this trap but, strangely, still leaves the reader with a sense of having seen it all before. Perhaps people are really like this in the Southern part of the US or perhaps there just have been one too many artistic works prior to "A Man..." that have captured the Southern struggle of trying to keep up with the northern, more cosmopolitan cities whilst at the same time struggling to rid itself of century old Colonial tension.  Another flaw of "A Man..." is its liberal use of "deus ex-machinae". What starts off as coincidence ends up bordering on the unbelievable. The way some people end up in each other's life in this novel is just a little too implausible. The novel is in some ways intended to be a paraphrasing of the ancient Greek mythology, where hubris was punished and semi-Gods were dethroned and crowned, but whereas Wolfe was fairly subtle in his usage of  Goethe's "Faust" in "Bonfire", he is boisterous to the point of annoying in his newly found fascination of Zeus et al in "A Man..".  This is where the novel most closely resembles Don McLean's 70's-hit about the death of Buddy Holly, "American Pie". There are so many intricate and ambitious references to current and classical culture that the listener, and in "A Man's" case the reader, ends up not feeling enlightened (as is the case of, for instance, the zeitgeist-capturing literature of Don DeLillo) or even impressed (as is the case in some of Dylan's best work), but instead with intellectual indigestion. Perhaps, then, that is what being good at capturing zeitgeist is all about. Using the tools of the society that one is striving to depict. And what is a better representation of America today than "bigger is better" or  "all-you-can-eat"?     