 Back in 1982, a little known band called Pseudo Echo recorded "Funky Town". The band disappeared but the song has often resurfaced on dancefloors and playlists alike. Funk was THE term in the music business in the late 70's/ early 80's. It had spilled over from the afro-american  community into the mainstream and spawned artists with more or less staying  power than Pseudo Echo. This bears more than little resemblance to the book  by Nordenstrom and Ridderstrale. Business has always been fascinated by the  music industry's way of marketing the artists it has endowed or penalized  the world with. Whereas funk was the music industry's darling offspring 20  years ago, today it is embraced by the business community and management  guru's alike whether it be called "The New Economy", "Branding" or  "Competing with intangibles". Funky Business is very much a zeitgeist book,  much like the Pseudo Echo hit was representative of its day and age in  1982. Nordenstrom and Ridderstrale have done their homework in more ways  than one. They have done extensive research (what do you expect from career  academics?) and litter their book with ideas from academia's finest of the  last 30 years; the parallel to Karl Marx being right about workers owning  the means of production, for instance, was coined by Charles Handy. This  aspect gives their work credibility, something that management literature  often lacks. Nordenstrom and Ridderstrale also realize that packaging is  more important than content, in line with Funky Business's idea that  competition today is based more on design than on functionality. Hence,  they shave their heads and present their book more as a manifest than a  traditional management book; Although clumsily designed, pages with  psycho-babble mantras like "condemned to freedom" are a welcome relief to  the 400-page bricks delivered by people like Tom Peters or Peter Senge  every other year. The result is a management book that in more ways than  one resembles songs like "Funky Town" or "YMCA": user-friendly, light  weight and accessible to many different people. Nordenstrom and  Ridderstrale is the business world's answer to groups like Pseudo Echo;  they create a link between the elitist world of management gurus and the  regular Joe Schmoe who's only looking for some inspiration. Whether they  have more staying power than their music industry equivalents remains to be  seen.     