 For every movement, there's a countermovement. Thus spoke Einsten. Andthe empirical evidence for this is never hard to find. There's thepro-globalizationeers with the countermovements of Attac, Naomi Kleinetc.  There's the "nothing can stop us now"-new economists andthe "told you so"-old economists. "The Social Life ofInformation" is the Attac/ "Told-you-so"-ers of theInformation Economy. This book is really an antidote to the legions ofpeople who have proclaimed the abundance of online information as thesolution to all evils and improvements of all goods. But the authorsare no crusty old "told-you-so"-ers, neither are they(thankfully) particularly vicious in their attack, opting instead fora sober analysis, something the so-called new economy has been lackingfor some time. John Seely Brown and Paul Duguid, of Xerox PARC andBerkeley fame respectively, manages in "Social Life..." to walkthe fine line between criticism (which may be fun to read but notparticularly useful) and acclaim (which may be useful but notparticularly fun to read) of the role that information has been givenas saviour of the future. Their main thesis, as is revealed in thetitle, is that there's so much more to information than the writtenword. This "something" is basically boiled down to"context"; the stuff that surrounds you, to quote a Britishstyle magazine. "Context" are the things that affect the way wesee or understand something but not necessarily think about. Thinkabout the problem of conveying sarcasm in print, for instance. Or whynot think about the "helpful or not"... This functions is asoften a display of whether the readers agree with the reviewer as itis an evaluation of how well written the review is. The tendency toforget about context permeates the discussion about the informationeconomy, argues the authors. But a fascinating aspect is that MessrsSeely Brown and Duguid seems to have forgotten this themselves. Thebook, although well written, is surprisingly dull to read. The authorshave spent considerable time gathering examples and evidence tosupport their cause but "Social Life..." suffers from the factthat it is...well... a book. A book without anything besides text tosupport its message. True, traditional writing has proved hugelysuccessful traditionally in storytelling, but approaching otheraspects in the use of context would have been a welcome relief. At theend, the experience of reading "The Social Life..." leaves thereader enlightened but somewhat empty.     