 You really want to dislike, sorry make that hate, "Foley is Good..." prior to reading it. It starts with its author, Mick Foley. Here is a man who not only earned his living in the bogus, little-respected corner of the showbiz world known as wrestling; but he also had a way of doing that was deemed silly even by wrestling's standards. His act involved "sock-puppetry", his character "lived" in the boiler rooms of the arenas, he did frequent and disturbing pleas for his "mother" (in order to get ahead of Freudian told-you-so:ers, a proposed name for Foley's alter ego "Mankind" was "Headcase") and is best known for a 20 ft fall off a steel cage into a table that almost ended Mr Foley's career.  If the sheer ridicule of Foley's wrestling career and the context he works in  isn't enough, the sleeve notes about the author reveals that this bona-fide renaissance man  is a "US history buff" who "enjoys amusement parks". Suddenly, the idea of reading Michael Jackson's dismal bio "Moonwalker" looks like a taste of Hemingway's best work in comparison. All in all, "Foley is Good..." gives the impression that it's about to suffer in the hands of a critically minded reader the way, say, Pee-Wee Herman would in a Sumo wrestling contest. That is, until you actually read it. Because littered as it is with crude references and over-ambitious double entendres, "Foley is Good..." is actually, well, rather good. A sign of ageing is surely when you start taking wrestling less seriously, which is probably why many 30+ people will think twice about picking this book up, unless it's a gift for their kids. Sure, any schoolkid knows that a fair amount of scriptwork and rehearsal goes into staging a wrestling match. But few people with any sense of modern pop culture underestimates the impact of wrestling, and the WWF especially, these days. Few publicly traded corporations have pulled off a transformation act the way the WWF has in the latest decade. Any case study on them, to which I count "Foley is good..." as one, should be mandatory reading at any MBA school or "Change-management" consultancy. So why, then, does wrestling have the evident problem of gaining the respect that other sports/ entertainment options enjoy? Part of the answer lies in its target audience. The WWF caters to adolescent boys, and lately girls (and to a certain extent their parents, who are the ones who have to shelve out the twenty or so bucks that a PPV or live event will set you back) This is a pity, because a book like "Foley is good..." will entertain a larger audience than the 20 or so million that are glued to TV-couch on wrestling nights. Don't get me worng, this IS a book about wrestling, i.e. not one of those "it's not really about sport, it's actually about life"-books. But the reason non-wrestling fans will most certainly enjoy it, is Foley's writing style. He proves to be not only smart but also self-mocking, witty and, gasp!, well-read (when was the last time you heard any physical athlete quote Nietzche?). The bio, a follow-up to 1999's "Have a nice day!", is somewhat chronologically organised but is interspersed with the author's thoughts on everything from storytelling and societal problems to family life and behind-the-scenes wrestling trivia (the latter travels both the highs and lows of life as a wrestler, covering such areas as injuries, failed plotlines and onstage in-jokes of wresters). Sure, it ain't James Joyce and to call "Foley is good..." a demanding book would be about as misleading as saying "Who wants to be a millionaire" is a quiz show for Nobel prize winners. All in all, what this book gives you is a swift, but enjoyable, read that manages to strike that rare combination of entertainment with a heart. Recommended...     