 The Cluetrain Manifesto could have been called The Emperors New Clothes, because of the authors' similarity with the little child of the fable, who blatantly and courageously tells it like it is. Cluetrain is less a book, or even a collection of essays, than a collection of ideas. Often  fascinating and insightful in its challenge to unmask "business as usual",  its real strength lies in two of its collaborators: Christopher Locke and  Rick Levine. Their chapters are by far the strongest, whereas David  Weinberger and Doc Searls seem more out of place (you'll do best in  skipping David Weinbergers disastrous ramblings "The Hyperlinked  Organisation", it cost this book a star in its rating). Messrs Locke and  Levine, however, carry every trait of the business world's answer to Tom  Waits and Vic Chestnutt: Angry, outsiders, intelligent and provocative.  Their chapters savour with a wonderful blend of cynicism and a "we- want  -change- now"-attitude. As a source of inspiration, Locke and Levine will  provide cannon fodder for many a young, ambitious, corporate up and comers.  That is, sadly, where Cluetrain runs into the usual management  literature-trap, "the consultancy tongue".  Their thoughts, inspirational  and insightful as they are, have little if any relevance when it comes to  applying them in the real world. Yes, it is important to be honest and open  as an organisation (Peter Drucker taught us that in the 1950's), yes  corporate-speak is ridiculous (Scott Addams has made a career out of this  for the past decade) and yes, everything that the net is used for today is  out of sync with its original intent (similar to Einstein's molecular  theory not being intended to be used to nuke Hiroshima).   Cluetrain is a  book for the slightly cynical individual of the modern organisation (i.e.  most people from New York to Newcastle), the kind of people who find  delight in challenging bourgeois ideals (sit up straight, eat with your  mouth closed, talk only when asked to do so). Tom Waits tears apart  Prada-jackets on stage; Vic Chestnutt laments in his wheel-chair; Locke,  Levine et al. rip apart traditional corporate jargon. Unfortunately, their  nostalgic-oozing want for the early days of the Internet becomes far too  obvious in the 250 or so- pages. The result is a book that struggles and  ultimately fails to get past the  "interesting thoughts by angry  academics"-category.     