 There's been a great deal of buzz around "buzz" lately. "Viral", "Word of mouth", "Sleeper hit" and other manufactured terms are delivered at lectures, in HBR articles and in, the literary equivalent to The New York Post, the management literature. As always, the phenomenon is a simplification and dramatization of reality. All of a sudden, the notion is born that marketing departments are able to throw away budgets, very convenient as we are on the brim of a recession, and instead create "idea viruses" that will free float through time and space and impregnate whatever mind it touches. An engaing idea, indeed. Just like ideas of anti-gravity machines and the treasure of the Sierra Madre. Engaging and untrue.  The human mind, however complex it is biologically, works in a fairly simplistic manner. We like to reduce complex things to more easily grasped concepts. The mental simplification is the basis for marketing; Don't think thousands of people in different offices around the world doing million things! Think corporate logo and slogan instead! The concept of the idea virus stems from the same belief. Instead of using the infinite amount of parameters to explain something, we use one. This line of argument holds true for such things as "the shooting in Sarajevo" that, our schoolbooks taught us, started World War One. Or the "Get Connected"-memo that in and by itself caused the giant turnaround of IBM from Big Blue dinosaur into an e-business animal. This line of reasoning is human and symptomatic of our inclination to simplify. But there lies great danger in simplification. The last year has seen a wave of cattle-disease outbreaks around Europe. Newsflashes have been filled with pictures of burning animals and wobbly calves and a whiff of anxiety has blown across the EU. What if the evil English people's dirty cattle arrive on our shores? Put the walls up, for crying out loud! Others claim that "the problem isn't ours, it's continental Europe's tendency to transport cattle for long distances that started this to begin with." On no side of the argument does anybody actually bother to get to the bottom of this. For example, the fact that BSE, "Mad Cow disease" for short, has very little if any proven medical effect upon humans has given very little publicity. The Cattle Wars is a symptom not of sick cattle but of integration-weary Europhobes. The different nationalities of Europe need very little, indeed, in order to succumb to the aggressive isolationism and protectionism that have so far "caused" two world wars in the last century. Simplification is comfortable, and dangerous. Malcolm Gladwell's The Tipping Point central message is the power of simplification: "We don't need to understand and address the whole extent of the problem, we only need to attack the symbolical parts of it!". So whether we want to sell books about the "Ya-ya siterhood" or combat crime in New York City, let go of the analysis and get ready to construct idea viruses! In New York City, it was the zero tolerance of subway misconduct that apparently, and miraculously, decreased crime by half in the 1990's. The phenomenal sales of Hush Puppies and Rebecca Wells's "The Divine Secrets of the Ya ya sisterhood" are also attributed to the strength of epidemic ideas.  "So it's a marketing tool, so what? Let CEO's ponder new ways of getting more attention for less resources." Well, that's a fair point to make but that is precisely the area where Gladwell runs into problems. The book is a little too philosophically complex to fit into the easily digested management book- category. Sure, his three explanatory tools for creating "a tipping point" are short and punchy, all right. But he litters the text not only with nice-to-know marketing examples but also with complex, sociological phenomena. Take the example of New York City's crime decrease. The "zero-tolerance" enforced by the NYPD is in no way non-controversial and it has often been criticized for being racist, inefficient and myopic. But there is no room for that discussion in the world of The Tipping Point (the name describes the point where several forces combine to create the point of outbreak of an idea epidemic). So, ironically, Gladwell's oeuvre gets stuck in the middle with a book that is too simplistic to be an analysis in company with the "No Logo's" or the "Future Perfect's" and too complex to get a run for the money on the "Who moved my cheese"-circuit.     