 Attacking fast food in this day and age has become the literary and political equivalent of a college undergraduate degree. Still somewhat of a challenge, a lot more is needed to stir up interest. Saying fast food is bad for you and mass-produced and symbolical of the almighty dollars imperialistic takeover of everywhere from Burma to Bora Bora is as thought provoking as saying tobacco seriously damages your health. Insight, or lack of it, isn't the reason why people chose or refrain from pigging out on burgers and fries. Eric Schlosser energizes the debate when he, in the first chapter, addresses the question of fast foods raison-d'tre. It, simply, "tastes good". A fact that countless previous McDonaldization studies has failed to address. It low price and ease of use are two other factors that account for its popularity. So what if you put on a pound or two as long as you can shake it off in the gym in those minutes that you'd otherwise have spent cooking the food yourself. Schlosser's ambition is promising enough. He wants to uncover what fast food does to us on a sociological and societal level.  Disappointing then that he, soon enough, fails in what could have been a refreshing additive in the long-ago saturated debate on what's on people's plates these days. But it's not for a lack of trying, however. The first couple of chapter are as insightful and informative as they are enjoyable. He recounts the history of McDonald's, Domino's, Jack in the Box and other fast food joints and litters the chapters with enough corporate folklore and trivia to fill "Did you know"-tray leaflets in the aforementioned restaurant chains for decades to come.  The dramaturgic feel doesn't abandon Schlosser when he moves into the first chapters that go behind the scenes of the fast food circus. He adds equal measures of up-close personal drama and analytical outlook to create a blend that savours with emotion and, mind the pun, plenty of food for thought. However, the lure that blinded so many of predecessors that ventured into the challenge to "uncover" the fast food conspiracy finally gets to Schlosser. That lure, is sensationalism. And as any one can attest to, there's plenty of sensationalistic anecdotes when you venture into the realm of a low-wage service industrial history. The miners of coal-driven England. The bridge-builders of Early America. The sneaker-makers of South East Asia. The stories that tend to seep out of these places would guarantee a soap-opera writer two lifetimes of work. But that's exactly the problem. More "ooh-ing" and "ahh-ing" is hardly what this debate needs.  It is a real pity that Schlosser wastes his opportunity to address the real issues of fast food consumption that he promised in the early chapter. The lower class, if we use income as a somewhat fair measurement, always loses. The fast food industry, with its intensive use of low skilled labor, is no exception to this. But revelling in the misery of the weaker rungs of the social ladder whilst still trying to address the problem on an intellectual level is not only bourgeoisie, it is also tasteless.  Yet this is exactly the level that Schlosser ultimately yields to. The intelligent and sharp portraits of corporations turn into accounts of worker injuries and unfair treatment of workers, and they're better handled by Channel 5 Action News than by Schlosser.     