 Abandon all hope ye who enter here. Naomi Klein is one skilled writer and you can only thank some higher being that she has used her intellectual wit  and analytical persistence to combat multi-million dollar companies as  opposed to verbally carpet-bombing innocent bystanders such as uncovering  journalists like herself. Just like her compadre in anti-corporate  crusading, Michael Moore, Klein saves little ammo, let alone love, trust or  respect, for anything ending in "Inc." and operating in anything closely  resembling services or other low skilled labour areas. "These companies are  our enemies" is a central message of this book and one that is continuously  ground into the reader in various shapes, lest we not forget it.  In terms  of execution, No Logo leaves little to wish for. Well-written, footnoted  and well-researched within the area of focus, the book takes us through the  areas of society which have been permeated by the greedy ghouls of  money-grubbing behemoths over the last decades. No stone is left unturned;  education, the service sector, manufacturing, media, and one cannot help  but wonder what the text will do to the paranoid reader since basically  anything but breathing may be "giving in" to the evil mongers. If you are  the accusatory type, and let's face it, most of us enjoy a good fights,  especially one that is all about kicking the butt of the rich and scoring a  few points for the ordinary, unknowing everyman of Americana, No Logo will  not disappoint. That is also where the book runs into trouble. It is guilty  of exactly the same phenomenon that most anti-establishment groups suffer  from today: myopia and anger for anger's sake. If you have an ambition to  uncover and analyse something in order to defend a certain point of view  (like Klein does in No Logo), it is always wise to respect and understand  the opposite side. This is precisely the problem that most groups and  accusatory voices in the media run into. It is one thing to present an  argument and back it up with complimentary viewpoints and facts. It is  quite another to present a standpoint and then analyse whatever happens to  pass by this "analytical" lens, from this dogmatic perspective. Klein is on  a mission to castrate the evil empires that are Nike, Microsoft, McDonald's  and so on. But in doing this, she becomes highly one-dimensional, a fact  that runs the risk of boring many readers in the long run. And that's when  the serious trouble starts, since getting the message out is what No Logo  is all about. If you want to see cruel intentions whenever you look out the  window, you are sure to find it in everything and everyone. The problem  then is that what was once factual (fact: there are some people out there  that really are out to hurt and steal) now becomes subjective, and  subjective viewpoints are always so much less interesting to listen to, let  alone read. The one-sided perspective also evaporates any chance for the  other side to score a single point, and as we all know, good dramatization  just like good journalism needs a battle where both the protagonists (in  this case the poor, innocent consumers and labourers) and the antagonists  (McEvil Corp. et al) score points. The myopic view also raises another  interesting question. This book is basically a statement on cultural and  commercial imperialism. Well, what else is more imperialistic than imposing  foreign viewpoints in a society where they have no natural place? Indeed,  it is highly problematic that companies like Nike do business in foreign  countries and adopt the general business practices of that region. But is  just as troublesome when occidental  do-gooders come to redeem these places  and save them from whatever undemocratic principles they've been slaves to.  Who are westerners to acts as global policemen and impose rules to spare  our sensitive media-groomed souls from having to see things like  child-labour? Who are we to declare incapacity of people to judge for  themselves and take decisions of where to work and under what conditions?  It is more interesting to argue about this than to arrive at an answer,  which is as impossible as having liberals and socialists agree in politics.  But to completely shut out this discussion of a book that intends to "take  aim at the brand bullies" severely damages both the credibility and the  level of importance that No Logo could have achieved.  No side in the  discussion about corporate (ir)responsibility needs more one-dimensional  cannon-fodder. What's needed is a more philosophical discussion that takes  in such aspects as conflicting viewpoints, and things that are unseen (such  as the fate of children that are sacked from Asian factories that have been  "liberated" by enclaves of Klein, Moore et al?). For the time being, No  Logo serves as little more than a political pamphlet, albeit an amusing and  at times informative one at that.     