 Future Perfect addresses what has become this era's equivalent of the Cold War; the discussion of whether globalisation is working for or against us. Bearing all traits of a classic media-fuelled conflict, i.e. simplification, exaggeration in all directions and, as always, a myriad of people taking a stand for others when they really have nothing to do with the issue at stake (compare the number of times when you've read thoughts on globalization by, for instance, a former child labourer, or an African farmer as opposed to the number of times you've seen well-dressed politicians delivering promises for change in the Third World or masked suburban kids tossing Molotov cocktails at policemen, all in the name of globalization). Refreshing then that John Micklethwait and Adrian Wooldridge has opted for a different, and frankly more sober, view of this complex and politically charged subject matter.  Fans of Micklethwait and Wooldridge will recognize their style of writing from the brilliant "Witch Doctors", a critical analysis of the management thinker-industry, and on a superficial level Future Perfect is as enjoyable to read with a prose that shimmers with intelligence and wit whilst at the same time delivering insights into the many parts and people of the world that globalization has touched in one way or another. But referring to Future Perfect as "an enjoyable read" is as shallow as calling Schindlers List "a scary film". It is necessary to dissect certain parts of this work in order to better understand the argument that the authors present in favour of globalization.  At heart, Micklethwait and Wooldridge, are as arch-conservative as their mother magazine, The Economist (although the magazine would much more prefer the term moderate liberal), which complicates their independence in discussing the subject matter, because just like the Cold War conflict, globalization has also become a war between leftists and rightists; between those who think that the gobalization we are witnessing is dictated by the harsh world of western capitalism and those who think that only capitalism can save the oppressed regimes around the world, trade not aid as they say. The difficulty that arises, and that Mickltethait and Wooldridge unfortunately cannot steer clear of, is the problem of definition; Globalization of what? For whom? One of the reasons that this subject matter has become so politically charged is the fact that the pro's and con's seem to be talking past each other and instead focusing on sensationalist media-frenzy, whether it be poor little infants hammering away in sneaker factories or pot smoking youth blabbering about the world bank when their only excuse to go to Seattle or Prague was that there was no Woodstock or Lollapallooza around at the time. It is easier to react at simplistic and arcane symbols than to do the complex work needed in order to better understand this issue.  It is, however, refreshing that the authors at least attempt a definition of the driving forces behind globalization; technological innovation, management ideas and the free flow of capital since it presents a framework within which the reader can feel more comfortable with what type of perspective the authors are trying to convey. Another uplifting fact is that the authors do not disqualify any area or opinion in the book. Always sensitive for the fact that people and organizations have presented different arguments in the fight for or against globalization, Future Perfect reads almost like a journalistic summary of voices on globalization, not unlike "The Witch Doctors" relationship to the management gurus. What this aspect also adds is something that the other significant book on globalization right now, No Logo by Naomi Klein, failed to do; to allow both sides to have it out so that the ultimate verdict on whether globalization is something that should be favored or fought, will be determined by the only people who should; you, me and all other people who are getting involved in this issue at the moment.     