 Although Freud has been criticized by many over the past century on everything from his methodology to his conclusions, there is still a great deal of respect for the basic premise on which he built his theories; namely that life is, indeed, difficult. Difficult because it's filled with unfulfilled promises, ambiguous emotions and mental conflict over the even the most trivial things. This is a fact that theoreticians, artists, writers and other searchers have struggled to capture over the centuries, with mixed results. This is also the foundation on which Milan Kundera has constructed his masterpiece, "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" Kundera's magnum opus is, on a superficial level, nothing else than a trivial relationship drama (When the movie was filmed, it was this trivial surface that the director took hold of with disastrous results. In other words, avoid at all costs!). But it is the triviality, the unbearable lightness, which Kundera uses as his inspiration to generate a novel that savours of equal doses of wit and tragedy. Ranging on subjects from eroticism to faecal (sic) fantasies whilst passing creationism, religion, relationships and warfare, the novel is paradoxically slow and quick in its pace. This is a consequence of Kunderas method of characterization. The novel has been accused of being weak within this area, but that is missing the author's point entirely. Kundera uses only physical and psychological actions in revealing character. The latter is indeed a delight to partake as it mainly focuses on the fantasies and desires of the central characters. The sole use of this portrayal technique creates a pace that on a superficial level is excruciatingly slow, whilst on a mental level is quick sometimes to the point of confusion. The recommended method of reading "Unbearable..." is at a tempo of a chapter per day. That is, if one wants to ensure maximum extradition of the plethora of ideas that has gone into making this well-crafted piece of work.   Speaking of chapters, the division of the novel into small and choppy chapters that, in turn, are divided into labelled sections ("Lightness and weight", "Words misunderstood", "Soul and Body" etc), creates a sense of self importance that supports one of the central themes of "Unbearable...", the belief that each human is the master of his or her own universe. The pretentiously labelled sections underscore this by creating a biblical feel to something that is, in essence, little more than the thoughts of the author voiced by a collection of characters. Someone once said that comedy was merely tragedy plus time. Well, what Kundera proves in this novel is that the ultimate benefactor of time, is detachment. Detachment to people, feelings and ideas. Detachment, and the struggles for or against it, is really the core of what "Unbearable..." is about. The characters detachment form each other and the society in which they live. The author's detached, to the point of deterministic, relationship to his subjects. And, ultimately, the detachment to one's own fate. A fact that creates this elusive, unbearable, lightness of being.     