 When reading Dion Fortune, I'm always reminded of afternoons spent with a certain stuffy aunt.  She's friendly and interesting to listen to, even if she does have a tendency to meander like a senile sylph.  In order to glean any insight, however, one must repress the gut reaction one has to the extreme examples of class bigotry and elitism that overwhelm her otherwise wonderful company.    Psychic Self Defense is a prime example of both Fortune's strengths and weaknesses.  The book contains a great deal of good information and advice as to what one should do if they suspect an occult assault of some kind.  Thankfully, it also includes a warning to avoid jumping to conclusions.  Really, most of the information on how to deal with the attack is spot-on and very useful.    It's the part where she illustrates where these attack are likely to come from that makes one cringe inwardly.  Fortune's repeated insistance that the "witch-cult" is behind a large number of these assaults is annoying at first and completely laughable by the end.  The fact that she cites Montegue Summers as a reliable source should tell you something.  Her argument is based on the assumption that any occultist not approved by the Masonic Brotherhood of Holy Innefable Ango-Saxon Tea-Totalers (or the Knights Who Say NEEE! as it were) is automatically a member of the "Left Hand Path", and thus to be suspected and avoided.  That and "there can not have been so much smoke (during the witch hunts) if there hadn't been a fire".  This is the sort of statement for which the word "sophistry" was invented.  What is completly bewildering is that Fortune never accuses the Mideval Church of any sort of psychic wrongdoing.  Creating an entity (Satan) and impregnating it with your repressed sexual desires, mobid fears, and prejudices in order to enslave an entire civilization seems like a psychic attack to me, but I could have misinterpreted.     There are mainy statements in this book, about Africans, Indians, and even (for crying out loud) Buddhists, that are just plain racist.  The story of her encounter with the "Occult Police" implies that British Imperialism in India was justified.    It is a shame that good information has to be buried under such a heap of total garbage.  Luckily, Fortune is in spite of it all, a superb writer.  She is quite witty when she wants to be, and a very good storyteller.  This redeems the work in many places, and keeps you reading where you might not if her prose were inferior.     I would reccomend this book just for the information on the signs of an unscrupulous organization, which are farily prosaic and common sense.  Much can be learned, if you just tune out the static and listen for what rings true.     