 Moon Magic is the sequel to Fortune's excellent "Sea Priestess".  Vivianne LeFay Morgan returns, this time using the name Lilith.  Through her magickal intervention, Rupert Malcolm, a doctor of great distinction, overcomes some serious psychological problems and realizes his innate psychic talent.   Regretfully, I cannot regard this book as even close to equal to its predecessor.  Fortune did not finish this book while she was alive, and it reads like what it probably is: a first draft.  The various middle chapters revolve around highly repetitive conversations between Lilith and Malcolm.  The two circle around the same two or three themes, never really coming to a perceptible meeting of the minds.  There are, however, some intense ritual scenes that are as good as anything in the Sea Priestess.  It's not that I think the book is utterly without worth.  I wouldn't be reviewing it if I did.  I simply feel it needs a touch up, and a talented author to smooth out some of its rough edges. The current (2003) Weiser edition does almost the opposite.  There are so many typographical errors that I was left wondering whether the Weiser copyeditors were on strike, and the publisher had hired the butchers at Llewellyn.  The third section of Moon Magic was completed after Fortune's death.  In fact, it was "channeled".  Fortune's voice is nonetheless clear, and there is no jarring change between the sections completed by more mundane methods and the final part.  Only, the editors seem to have missed the fact that the sixteenth chapter has two sections which describe the same action in two different ways, with no explanation.  This is distracting, to say the least.  Perhaps those who channeled this section felt too much reverence for Fortune to dare edit her? The relationship between the two characters does not get resolved satisfactorily.  We are left with hints, when the explicit purpose of the final working is to bring the power to earth. This book left me cold.  Still, it's not bad for a first draft.  Perhaps one day, someone will finish it, and it will take its place as another of the jewels in Fortune's fictional crown.     