 "Myths to Live By" is one of those books which makes me wish I did not have to assign a star rating.  For while it is, as the title of this review suggests, a very eloquent and powerful exposition of the Myth that forms the bones of our Psyche, Campbell clearly has some predjudices that make some of his points difficult to see.    First, however, I shall focus on the positve aspects of the work.  Campbell begins his book with a story about the conflict between a myth (in this case the story of Adam and Eve) and the facts discovered by science.  The little anecdote serves to present the key thesis of the book: that our old religious idea that myths are literally true is no longer servicable, and that we must now, in an age where the world is coming together in ways unprecendented, seek the pattern that underlies all myths and discover our oneness as a species.   Campbell explains why myth and ritual are neccesary in concrete, psycholgical terms.  If there are no myths, individuals will become alienated from their society, since myths contain affect images that speak to not the rational mind, but the psyche.  His argument is essensially Jungian in tone.  Through a comparitive look at the worlds "major" religions, he shows how all myths are variations on the theme of self discovery and rebirth as a person engaged with the Universe and society.   All that is wonderful.  What is not wonderful, however, is the vaugley reactionary tone underlying some of the books passages.  Campbell seems to share the imperialist view that all of human history naturally culminates in modern, technological, Western Civilization.  He dismisses the youth movement of the time he wrote this book (the sixties to early seventies) as folly.  The cultural contribution of "Beat" poets such as Ginsberg an Kerouak is completley ignored.  In fact, the "Beats" are never even mentioned when Campbell throws out an all encompassing statement like "we have no artists...of such power today".     Equally troubling is the statement that "all life is suffering, all societies are opressive, and we just have to learn to live with it".  Now, while it may be true that life is sorrowful and that social orders have, throughout history, tended to be unjust, it does not follow that we have to accept the latter fact with the same passivity as the former.  As Campbell points out, we make the choices that determine the direction of our society.  If everyone, or a strong majority at least, were able to come to the understanding of universal Myth and Divinity, the opression that exists today would decrease, if not dissapear.     The book comes to a climax with an expose of the mythic dimensions of the first moon walk.  The chapter illustrates how we are indeed one planet and one species.  Juxtoposed with "all societies are opressive, and we just have to live with it" however, the chapter's beauty becomes terror.  In this light, the chapter is a prophecy of slavery, not oneness.   Still, this is a very important book, marred as all great works are by the author's prejudices.  When reading this book, remember Buddha's finger pointing at the moon, and which one was more important.     