 "Summoning forth the Wiccan Gods and Goddesses" is a solid manual for doing just that.  A large portion of the book is made up of psychic preperation for the actual rituals.  This is important, since the technique described here involves actual communication with dieties, which requires a psyche that is both unfettered by old traumas and open to the Universe.  Common sense and experience permeate the work, as does the assumtion that all people have the right to directly communicate with the dieties.    That being said, it is unfortunate to have to point out this book's major flaw.  An intolerance of other religions, and a refusal to evaluate them outside of the author's framework, creeps through this book and adds to it a combative undertone that is totally inappropriate.  The main point of her criticism of other faiths is that they deny the sacredness of the flesh, and that many of the world's holy books constitute "viscious, world hating manifestos".  To properly evaluate the attitude of the "major" religions toward the mundane world would require a book of its own.  With many, especially the myriad religions lumped under the classification of "Hinduism", the question is far from a simple either-or proposition.  In any case, the book is about how to summon Wiccan dieties, not the benefits of yoga or lack thereof.   As an adjucnt to the above objection, the author states quite unequivacably that "Ceremonial (Enochian) Magick doesn't work". First, the terms "Ceremonial" and "Enochian" Magick are not interchangeable.  Enochian Magick is a very difficult, somewhat dangerous, form of magick which falls under the umbrella of Ceremonial Magick, but is by no means the only variety.  Again, the topic is far too intricate to get into its finer points here.  It should be stated, however, that the author presents very little evidence for her thesis other than a very bad experience with a con-artist posing as a real Magus.  As for the argument against such feats of metaphysical athleticism as "invisibility" I would encourage any interested to seek out the Rose Cross Ritual, which does indeed confer a species of invisibility when performed correctly.   Even with this flaw, this is a very good book.  The irony is that the beginning work for the techniques described seems to inavdertantly follow the advice of a renowned Ceremonial Magician.  Israel Regardie, a student of Crowley himself, suggested that anyone interested in Magick should undergo a program of psychotherapy before embarking on the path.  The intent of psychotherapy is precisely the intent of the poppet exercise: to release old trauma and become a healthier participant in life.  There is much to learn from this book, and it would be unfortunate to miss out on its benefits because its occaisionally antagonistic tone.  Perhaps, in future edtions, such comments and biases could be editited out.  Until then, brace yourself and read with an eye for the diamond in the rough that this book has to offer.     