 I clearly am not in the target audience for John Douglass Anatomy of Motive. I picked up this book thinking it was a scientific look at how mentally ill criminals think. What I read, while interesting, is such a far cry from what I consider science that to name it such would be paramount to calling a stapler a chicken. This is emphatically not to say that this is a bad book. I found the look into the mind of a profiler very interesting, and even managed to learn a bit about what he does. The thing I take issue with is the constant references Douglas makes to his subjects as losers, cowards, or creeps. These people are, to begin with, mentally ill. While their crimes are undoubtedly awful, they should be judged in the context of pathology, not morality. I cant imagine why Douglas feels the need to remind us that it is wrong to eviscerate a woman and leave her corpse under a woodshed. I know this already, thank you. Equally irritating is the manner in which Douglas ignores two glaring facts. The first is that the most brutal of the crimes described in the book were carried out by individuals either enlisted in the armed forces or retired therefrom. It seems that Mr. Douglass own military background hinders him from seeing a pattern of violence connected to the military. Then again, maybe these folks are just losers. The second is that his dominate, manipulate, and control formula is a fair description of the goals of most corporate CEOs. If one is going to moralize, they should acknowledge that the violence that these offenders commit has at least some relation to the very values our society celebrates. To play these very sick people off as losers ignores that their illness is the logical extension of our own. Of course, this sort of statement does not belong in a book purporting to be about the science of criminal profiling. What are appropriate here are a description of a crime, and how the profiler determined what sort of personality the offender has. I would think that labeling the "UNSUB" a loser would hinder the objective analysis necessary to find him. While there is enough of the kind of information I wanted to keep me reading, I couldnt help feeling like Id just been preached to. If Douglas had left out his completely unnecessary pedantic rambling, this book would have been about fifty pages shorter. It also would have been more interesting. In the end, I felt that the main person who had been profiled was John Douglas.     