 This is my first Elizabeth George novel, and probably my last.  Ms. George is obviously a P.D. James wannabe, but something is missing.  I think it may be talent.  George is a competent (though verbose) wordsmith, and her  plot here is adequate.  But where James' characters are three-dimensional  and thus ultimately believable, George's are caricatures.  Andy Maiden is  ONLY wretched, Nicola is ONLY depraved, Havers is ONLY humiliated,  Julian  is ONLY lovesick, Helen is ONLY gentle and patrician, Vi is ONLY - well,  whatever she is.  Each George character projects only one primary trait or  emotion, and is driven by a single motivation.  Thus each is almost totally  predictable; indeed, the book's only real surprises occur on the rare  occasions when a character steps out of character, as it were.  And even  then, we never really know WHY they do it.  It's all a bit like expecting  Raymond Chandler and getting a big plateful of Erle Stanley Gardner  instead. George substitutes mechanical sex for James' turbulent passions;  petty bickering for James' graceful, almost poetic, dialogue; geographical  facts for James' masterful sense of place and mood; postmodern  nonjudgmentalism and platitudes for James' excruciating moral dilemmas and  soul-searching struggles.  And does anyone really CARE about Lynley's  musings over his off-again, on-again spats with wife Helen and disgraced  subordinate Havers?  It's all so. . .banal.  Lynley is to Adam Dalgleish as  James Bond is to George Smiley. We never feel truly drawn into George's  characters' world, because their world is flat, not round. ON THE OTHER  HAND, if you enjoy gratuitous sex - gratuitous and kinky sex - lots of  gratuitous and kinky sex of the S&M variety - then this is your book!   But hey, just email me and I'll tell you where to find the juiciest parts;  it'll save you wading through 600 pages (that's right!) of nonessential  verbiage.  Is it possible that Ms. George is paid by the word?  My bottom  line advice: you should definitely read every book Elizabeth George has  written - AFTER you've finished with Colin Dexter, Ross McDonald, Ruth  Rendell, Margery Allingham, Dorothy Sayers - even Martha Grimes - and - oh  yes - P.D. James, who (IMO) has accomplished more within the classic  mystery genre than any living writer. Try reading Devices and Desires, a  James classic which is, on the surface, fairly similar to this book.  I  think you'll see what I mean.     