 . . . but written when Rorty was still in diapers. This is by far the most prophetic, and the most disturbing, of Lewis' works.   Starting with a deceptively simple observation - that modern (now postmodern) philosophy  tends to reduce all statements of value to mere statements of subjective  feeling - Lewis goes on to demonstrate the corrosive and ultimately fatal  effect of this line of thinking on any civilized culture.    Lewis  accurately predicts the parallel development of two trends: (1) the loss of  any objective transcendent moral standards; and (2) the ability of a  scientific or political elite, through social conditioning and/or genetic  manipulation, to affect the thinking of successive generations of the rest  of us - the great unwashed.   The ascendancy, during the last decade, of  moral relativism and the political correctness movement demonstrate how far  down these parallel tracks we have come (i.e., Rorty: truth is what gets us  what we want; truth is what my peers will let be get by with saying;  Christians are "the natural constituency of Hitler").       While he's at it, Lewis refutes the postmodern, and generally unexamined,  truism that the historic moral principles of Western Civilization are  fundamentally different from other cultures' norms, and thus are arbitrary  and nonbinding.  In a lengthy appendix, Lewis shows that the great moral  principles are timeless and have been generally accepted by all civilized  societies, at all times (until ours).     So where will it end? In an  ironic conclusion, Lewis predicts that what will be hailed an man's  ultimate victory over Nature (such as human cloning?) will actually be  Nature's ultimate victory over man.   This will occur when we can fully  control the kind of people the next generation will be (i.e., how they  think), but in the absence of moral standards, this choice will be made  arbitrarily; that is, according to purely Natural impulses - thus we have  the Abolition of Man as man and the ascendancy of man as animal.     I  must take issue with the reviewer who referred to the book as a  "disguised apologetic" for Christianity.   While Lewis openly  acknowledges his Christian beliefs, he takes great pains to establish that  the existence of objective moral standards is transcultural; that it is  "trans-" any specific religious or ethical system other than  relativism.   Those who insist otherwise are simply out of touch;  controlled by their own hermeneutic of suspicion, they see closet  Christians lurking behind any and all moral absolutes.      A final point  - I must also disagree with the reviewer who referred to the book too  difficult for the average reader.   I'm an accountant, I have no training  in philosophy, and I'm definitely not a candidate for MENSA membership -  but I had no trouble "getting it." Light reading it's not, but,  hey, it's short, the type is large, the book is cheap, and it's written in  Lewis' inimitable conversational style.   Don't be intimidated, the stakes  are too high!     