 A Clash of Kings is maybe the best sequel in the fantasy genre since The Two Towers.  I'm not just blowing wind here; I can't think of a sequel, in any series, that is near as good as the first. (The Great Hunt, Elfstones of Shannarra, Dune Messiah, Stone of Tears, Silverthorn, Stone of Farewell--not that I don't love all of these books/series) It is an unwritten rule that any sequel is not going to produce the same effect as the first.  Truely, honestly, this book is just as good as the first. (Which you absolutely MUST read before you pick this one up)  I loved A Game of Thrones, and was resigned to this book just sort of resting on the laurels of the first book.  Not so. This story is different from the first, and while it moves with the same characters(no duh), it introduces some new characters that are not just thrown in on the spur of the moment.  These (new) characters are there to add a new depth and darkness to the novel--they are not put in to just add pages to the book. Another thing, this sequel does what I didn't think would happen; it keeps you guessing.  I was not sure how this book would end, good or bad.  Maybe I was sort of blinded to it because I found myself rooting for the "bad guys" before the book was over.  I found myself in a weird position; the battles are raging on two or three different fronts, and at one I was cheering for the Starks, and another I wanted the Lannisters to win.  Just great.  You are more drawn to a character for his/her charisma than for him/her being "good" or "bad." I've read a couple of reviewers who pan the book...I'm not sure what book they were reading, or maybe they didn't get it.  Yes, Martin does use some oldish language at times.  It's called poetic language, and you don't come across it very often.  Maybe he does use three words where one could do the work...but if you don't like reading, I've got a simple answer for you.  Either you can just read every third word, or you can just pick up the remote and watch WWF. To sum it up; this is a great book.  I'm talking on a par with the Godfather II adding to the Godfather good.  It is obvious that Martin has a goal in mind for these books, that he is not just writing from book to book, hoping to stretch the series interminably.  BUY THIS!!     