 In this book, Terryl Givens, a professor of English at the University of Richmond and an LDS scholar, walks a tightrope between apologia and scholarly analysis.  Mormons and Gentiles will differ as to how successfully he manages these disparate aims, but publication by Oxford University Press rightly suggests that this book is not simply a tract for the faithful.  Givens wants the Book of Mormon (BOM) to be taken seriously by secular academics, and he agreeably assimilates and cites many non-Mormon authorities.  Givens rightly emphasizes that the BOM was less important for its doctrinal novelties than for the prophetic recognition it provided Joseph Smith.  He correctly dismisses any notion that the BOM was Calvinistic, and he appropriately scoffs at LDS liberals who would prefer to abandon supernaturalism and interpret the BOM symbolically.  Nevertheless, specialists in Mormon studies will surely note the many areas in which Givens slides over inconvenient evidence in the interest of apologetics. Neither are Givens' parallels between the BOM and ancient eastern documents very convincing because Smith was clearly permeated by the poetic idiom of the Bible.  As for the phenomenal speed at which Smith dictated the book to Oliver Cowdery, the fact that no average person could do it doesn't mean that no one could.  (I'm not able to score a touchdown for the Steelers, record a convincing performance of the Mendelssohn violin concerto, or play fifty simultaneous games of chess blindfolded.  But some people have done those things and continue to do them.) Givens attempt to move the geography of the BOM, with its giant cities and mammoth populations, to relatively uninvestigated areas of Central America is a stopgap that may eventually prove even more embarrassing to the LDS Church, especially now that written Mayan has been translated.  Nor will  making "steel" bronze and such like do much towards eliminating the many anachronistic howlers in the Book of Mormon.  Because Givens is a professor of English, I had hoped that he would address Mark Twain's famous charge that the Book of Mormon was "chloroform in print." Givens is honest enough to repeat that jibe, but he doesn't try to excuse the BOM's literary weakness.  Its cardboard characters (so unlike those of the Bible and other classic literature) remind me of the ones created by Upton Sinclair--who himself could crank out an astronomical daily word count.  It's ironic that Givens' book, which in many places is arcane and overly theoretical, is more thoughtful and interesting than the religious text he attempts to defend.       