 Dan Vogel proved a masterful editor of the five-volume Early Mormon Documents, and perhaps his encyclopedic knowledge of the primary sources is part of the problem with this biography.  Vogel knows the young Joseph Smith and the Book of Mormon inside and out, but he doesn't seem to know how to summarize what he knows--or to ignore what he only supposes.   Vogel's thesis is that Joseph Smith's motivation for founding a new religion arose in conflicts that occurred within his semi-dysfunctional family.  While there is undoubtedly truth to this notion, Vogel insists on taking us through the Book of Mormon blow-by-blow to explicate his argument.  Some of his conclusions are clever and perceptive, others in-the-ballpark possible, and some (at best) strained.  For instance, in Vogel's reading, the Book of Mormon account of Lamanites forcing women and children to eat the flesh of their husbands and fathers while restricting the prisoners' access to water is supposed to illustrate Smith's "oral rage" at his father "mixed with the fever, thirst, and torture of childhood surgery." (374)  There's always something poignant about religious skeptics putting their trust in this sort of psychobabble.   Readers can expect a good deal of autobiography in a first novel, but they should also expect a good deal of fiction.  Vogel occasionally seems annoyed when there is no obvious autobiographical hook on which to hang his notions.  On one occasion, he suggests that a portion of the Book of Mormon is "perhaps...literary license"(211).  Well, yes, literary license is what novels are about.  Furthermore, Vogel's knowledge of the Bible is weaker than he imagines, and his solution of picking up the nearest commentary frequently leads him astray, especially when he believes its opinion is so obviously correct that it requires no citation.  For instance, he argues (with Edward Gibbon) that Luke "specifically said" that the darkness at Christ's crucifixion was "caused by an eclipse...astronomically impossible during paschal full moon." (286)  But Luke 23: 45 says no such thing.  In another place, Vogel announces, on the basis of no cited authority, that the mention of Melchizedek in Psalm 110 was "intended as a statement about Israelite rulers who were seen as kingly priests."  Any serious student of Mormonism will find much of profit in this biography.  For example, Vogel notes every error and anachronism that he finds in the Book of Mormon--a considerable heap by page 557.  But as biography--and especially readable biography--Vogel's attempt is overly long and overly speculative.      