 Because I spent three summers at Arlington House as a National Park Service ranger, I've read a number of books about Robert E. Lee and his family, including Freeman's four volumes twice.  Thomas's biography is well  written and was especially helpful to me in sorting out aspects of Lee's  pre-Civil War career that hadn't made sense to me before.  Thomas'  treatment of Lee's feckless father, Light Horse Harry, hits close to the  mark, and I'm ready to accept Mrs. Lee as more small-minded than I would  have credited ten years ago.   Thomas is perhaps a bit tough on Lee's  father-in-law, G.W.P. Custis, and I would have liked the author to spend  more time with Lee's mother-in-law, Mary Fitzhugh Custis, whose influence  on Lee and his family was enormous.    Thomas' attempt to read  double-entendres into Lee's early pleasantries with younger women is at  best strained and at worse anachronistic. Thomas also has an imperfect  understanding of evangelical religion in the nineteenth century and seems  to think if the low-church Episcopalian Lee didn't discuss a conversion  experience, then his confirmation in the church at age 46 was little more  than a formality "to support his daughters' conviction" and "to honor his  mother-in-law's piety."  Thomas' attempt to substitute "God" for "true  gentleman" in one of Lee's ruminations about ethics and read into it an  "intriguing theological insight" is downright silly. (p. 397) One serious  mistake needs to be corrected: the sensational charge that in June 1862,  Lee was so preoccupied with his duties that he forgot his grandson had died  and wrote to the boy's mother asking her to "kiss [him] for me."  Thomas  might have reflected on the improbability of this story and double-checked  the primary sources.  Actually, the boy died in July.  It is a notorious  example of information both true and sensational-but with the sensational  untrue and the true not sensational. Lee was not, of course, the myth  that he started to become by the end of the Civil War, and Thomas is  correct to emphasize Lee as a tragic hero.  Nevertheless, Freeman's Lee,  the uncomplicated man of duty is closer to the truth than Thomas' paradox  striving "to be independent, to be free."     