 Well the long awaited end of the Star Wars saga is finally here. It took a long time to get here, but was here a place worth getting? Unfortunately no. Star Wars Episode III was better than the two previous installments, but frankly that's not saying a whole heck of a lot. The film starts off with Obi Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) and Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) trying to rescue the Chancellor(Ian McDiarmid) from the clutches of the apparantly sickly (?) General Grievous. Then the problems began. The logic of the buzz droid missles is simply ponderous. What possibly could be the purpose of designing a missle that instead of destroying a ship, it instead releases droids that then attempt to destroy the ship. I however shook that minor annoyance (and many others like it) off. Upon landing R2 embarks on what can only be described (without giving to much away) as a deranged 3 stooges scene. The Jedi quickly rescue the Chancellor and dispatch of the evil Count Dooku. Cue the poor dialogue. "I shouldn't have killed him." and "Another happy landing" were particularly groan enducing. (and was anyone else ready for Anakin to yell out "Are you not entertained!?")And why did the droids not move away from the elevator? Why do droids scream when being destroyed? The rest of the film unfolds with little inspiration whatsoever. As everyone saw coming from a galaxy away, but was apparantly to complex for trained Jedi to realize, the Chancellor is really a Sith Lord who plans to take over, form an Empire, and wipe out the Jedi. Another completely mishandled, perhaps unforgivably mishandled is how easily Anakin goes to the Dark Side. There was not even close to a sufficient reason for him to turn as he did. Merely a dream of Padme (Natalie Portman) dying, which could turn out to be not true, is enough to send him over the edge, kill Jedi, women, and children, and pledge his allegiance to an evil dictator and form his own plans of ruling the galaxy. Frankly I am not even close to buying that as an excuse. Perhaps if the love story was more developed and not featuring such tepid dialogue as "You look so beautiful." "It's only because I'm so in love." "No it's only because I'm so in love with you." and the entire "Anakin you're breaking my heart." speach being this prequels most sterling examples. Then again maybe if the actors were a little better. Natalie Portman is a stiff as the Amazon forest, Christensen looks like he's auditioning for a soap opera, and McDiarmid goes so over the top that at times its hard not to think that he's some deranged half Gollum/half CGI hybrid even though he's a human actor. Lucas continues to fill his world with stuff that is not seen in the movies that come later, only this time he mixes it with elements we recognize, Corellian Corvettes, Chewie, early Star Destroyers, X-Wings, and Ties, etc., but frankly nostalgia is not enough to make me enjoy a film. Jedi are wiped out by being uncomprimisingly incompetent. Several are shot in the back without sensing danger and several are wiped out by Sidious because apparantly they skipped blocking training. Such groan enducing contrived plot points (the latter is done so Windu can fight Sidious solo. Grevious makes a similar fatal mistake calling off an army of droids that EASILY could of killed Obi-Wan so he can fight with four lightsabers, I guess because Lucas thought it'd be cool.) have become an unfortunate staple of the prequels. Let us not forget the climax of Episode 1 where Anakin flys through the shields of the Droid control ship, accidently fires torpedos, just as a door opens to reveal the reactor core of the only ship capable of controlling the entire droid army, and scores a direct hit. Last, but not least Lucas's direction itself was off at times, several muddled shots during action scenes made it hard to tell what was happening occasionally. However he does pull off a few very slick shots. The very opening with the jedi fighters, and the end pan of Padme down to her neckless were particularly slick. As for the special effects, the backdrops and scenery are as always fabulous. They belong in a painting in an art museum, but as for the actual scenes they are so over used that, again, they just end up looking fake. Again I will say that special effects should only be employed when there is no way to do the shot without them, not because you can. The basic theme is not as much; the performances are not as bad as the others, the plotting not as bad, not as much muddled direction, but in the end not as much just doesn't do it. Lucas drops the ball on the romance story which should've made the films impact very forceful, but instead it's left just feeling forced. The pregnancy is also dropped way to much into the background. I believe Anakin having concern for his child could have done wonders to deepen the plot. Anakin's turn is also misplayed as not enough reasoning behind it, or enough time focusing on him being seduced by the Dark Side it just happens in one scene and we're supposed to buy his turn, even as he seems shocked by his actions. Since these are the two most important parts of the movie they really should've focused more time on enhancing the impact of these two points. The scene of him as Vader screaming noooo in glorious cgi is an epic mistake of a scene. One more gripe, as Obi-Wan faces off against Vader near the end, Vader states "If you are not with me than you're my enemy." to which Obi-Wan responds "Only a Sith deals in absolutes." What!? Jedi believe in the force, in good, and in evil, those are all absolutes. Also the statement there are no absolutes is an oxymoron because if there are no absolutes is true, then the fact that nothing is absolutely true would have to be an absolutely true statement thus making one thing absolute, but that's a philosophy question for another time. I came in with high hopes as people were gushing about this movie, unlike the previous two installments and believe me I was really hoping in my little fan boy heart that this movie would redeem the other two. I will agree with them that this is a cut above the previous two, but as a film itself it's still a muddled mess in desperate need of a re-write and re- edit.      