 Ah, yes yet another of my favorite shows that died before it's time like Harsh Realm and Greg the Bunny. Firefly was an Science Fiction/Western hybrid that broke the TV mold in several ways. First it utilized pan and zooms to look like the cameraman was actually up in space filming it, they also removed sound from the space as it logically should be, and they didn't use redressed sets to give the film a theatrical look. Also the series won the Emmy for outstanding Visual FX despite only lasting 11 episodes on the air. What went wrong? The executives as usual who choose to air the action packed "The Train Job" instead of the 2 part pilot that explained everything. They then proceeded to air the episodes jumbled out of order. Which is. not surprisingly, a bad idea. The show is the brain child of Joss Whedon who I have a love hate relationship with. I never really thought "Buffy" was all that great, but I dearly loved "Angel". The show thrived as "Angel" did, on it's endearing characters. The cast featured Nathan Fillion, Gina Torres, the always hilarious Alan Tudyk, Morena Baccarin, Ron Glass, Sean, Maher, Summer Glau, and last but certainly not least Jewel Staite. This show had everything you could possibly ask for special effects to put most big budget films to shme (Emmy winning remember), extremely clever scripts, eye-popping action sequences, and gut busting humor. I personally have addicted all my friends on the show (Yes, both of them :p) In the distant future the independants lost the battle for fredom in Serenity valley. Ten years after that the crew of the Serenity try to dodge the Alliance ships that rule most of known space and the deadly, psychotic Reavers that prowl the Outer Rim. Along the way they take any job they can to stay alive. One of those jobs include taking on passengers, but first the crew. The captain is Malcolm Reynolds (Nathan Fillion), his first officer Zoe (Gina Torres), her husband and the ship's pilot Wash (Alan Tudyk), their "Ambassador" Inara (Morena Baccarin), the engineer Kaylee (Jewel Staite), and last but not least "public relations" i.e. hit and or shoot things guy Jayne (Adam Baldwin) among their passangers are the preacher with the mysterious past Shepherd Book (Ron Glass) and the Doctor who rescued his sister from Alliance expiraments Simon and River Tam (Sean Maher and Summer Glau.) Unfortunately having River onboard paints a big target on the side of the Serenity, but as the captain is none to fond of the alliance he carries them along. The episodes on the DVD are, thankfully, in the proper order.      