 Hart's War (R) ****/5 Bruce Willis, Colin Farrell, Terence Howard, Cole Hauser, Linus Roache. Directed by: Gregory Hoblit. Synopsis: A trial is held in a P.O.W. camp, and the defendant's lawyer is desperate to prove him innocent. Special Features: Commentaries, Deleted Scenes with Commentary, Photo Gallery, Trailer. Review: Well MGM is on the ropes with good movie failing after good movie failing. Perhaps they need a new marketing department. "Hart's War" tells the tale of a young Lieutenant who is appointed to an obviously innocent black man who is accused of murdering a white man in a German P.O.W. camp. The German's agree to allow the court martial, and the trail begins. Everything seems to go against Lieutenant Hart from the beginning, and he is forced to unravel the lies to find who the murderer is and why he is being protected. In a stand for courage and against racism "Hart's War" is rousing stuff. This military drama is a refreshing break from the explosions and guts war films we are used to. Some minor battling/blood is present, but it is brief, critical to the plot, and not fight scenes (A fighter strafing run and bullet to the head). Bruce Willis gives a credible performance as the Colonel in charge of the U.S. prisoners, Terence Howard plays the accused very well, Cole Hauser is excellent as the bad guy, but Colin Farrell steals the show as the title character. Not the pick for bloody war film fans, but definitely for those who like history, or a good drama. Gregory Hoblit ("Frequency") is on top of his game again what a fantastic director. As for the DVD? MGM still uses flip discs! I hate flip discs! Sure it is an easy way to pack wide/full screen on one disc, but invariably fingerprints get on one side. Columbia/Tri Star can fit both and 2 times the special features on their single sided discs! Get a clue MGM! MGM DVD's usually are weak on special features and while this has more than some its mostly just commentaries. The disc is well worth picking up for the film, but I wish MGM's DVD designers would get a clue already.     