 Ghosts of Mars (R) ****/5 Ice Cube, Natasha Henstridge, Jason Statham, Clea Duvall, Liam White.  Directed by: John Carpenter.  Synopsis: Mars police officers arrive at a village to pick up a prisoner only to find the villagers possessed. They then must team up with criminals to stay alive. Special Features: Feature Length Commentary, Video Diary, Special Effects Deconstruction, Scoring Ghosts of Mars Featurette, Filmographies. Review: Ebert & Roeper gave this baby 2 thumbs up so why didn't the rest of the critics get it? It has long since been a critical game to blast John Carpenter films on arrival. Why you ask? I have no idea. Here John Carpenter offers us a real popcorn flick. I can't imagine anyone sitting down and not having a good time during this film. It is loaded with gunfights, humor, and slick direction. Carpenter has long been known for coming up with excellent concepts for films this is no exception. When Martian spirits are released from there long dormant rest they possess and eliminate the unwanted intruders on their planet, and if you kill one of the possessed the spirit comes out and goes after you. Into this mayhem come a group of Martian police officers who are to pick up a suspected murderer, but when the zombies attack the police and criminals ally to fight their way out of the situation. I have a few minor problems with this film like the characters going back to make a last stand, but I easily let those things go. This film is written more intelligently than most, and it contains one of the most brilliant uses of flashback I've ever seen. As for acting Henstridge and Cube own this flick as the no bull hero/anti-hero, I loved the entire Uno, Dos, Tres gang, White and Duvall got throwaway parts but I loved them anyways. Statham is brilliant as the horny, tough sergeant and last and definitely least Pam Grier as the butch leader was annoying and I couldn't wait for her to die. Directing wise this is Carpenter's slickest film. It's not his best, but his flashback, in your face kills, and repeat montage had me drooling. He is still the man! As for the DVD? Great special features between the Diary, commentary, and scoring sections you really get a since that you made the film right along with these guys/gals. My only problem is where was the trailer???     