 Planet of the Apes (G) 5/5 Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans, Linda Harrison.  Directed by: Franklin J. Schaffner.  Synopsis: A space shuttle crash lands on a Planet where apes rule, and man is hunted. Special Features: Photo Gallery, Trailers. Review: Absolute classic about a ship which travels through space and crashes on a backwards world where apes rule mute humans. Charlton Heston wanders through this world trying to find answers to how this world came to be, and falls in love with Nova (Harrison) a beautiful native. Most of this film is Taylor (Heston) on trial and arguments of evolution. Although I don't believe in evolution I can see the art in this original scripted film. The ending is one of the most vivid ever filmed. Heston and the monkeys all are fantastic. Schaffner's directing is dead on, and the ape costumes are excellent. As for the DVD? It contains embarrassingly little for such a classic. Beneath the Planet of the Apes (G) 3/5 James Franciscus, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans, Linda Harrison, Charlton Heston.  Directed by: Ted Post.  Synopsis: A space shuttle sent looking for the last space shuttle crash lands on the very same planet ruled by Apes. Special Features: Photo Gallery, Trailers. Review: This sequel covers much the same ground as the first. It is entertaining on its own, and a worthy sequel. This one has a rescue team looking for Taylor land with one survivor. Deadly mutants roam the wasteland where this survivor heads followed by the apes. The actors all do well, and the directing is solid with some atmosphere. As for the DVD? There is nothing worth writing home about. Escape from the Planet of the Apes (G) 2/5  Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman, Sal Mineo, Ricardo Montalban.  Directed by: Don Taylor.  Synopsis: Talking apes land on earth and comment on modern day society. Special Features: Trailers. Review: Those famous apes travel to Earth when the Planet of the Apes is destroyed. They then travel about making shameless social commentaries to excuse the lack of a plot until finally the earthlings realize they will be the end of humanity and try to kill them. It features solid acting, but point and shoot directing. This runs more like a TV show than a film. As for the DVD? This is once again a disappointing DVD.  Conquest of the Planet of the Apes (PG) 1/5 Roddy McDowall, Don Murray, Ricardo Montalban, Natalie Trundy, Hari Rhodes. Directed by: J. Lee Thompson.  Synopsis: The apes rise up against the oppression of man. Special Features: Trailers. Review: In this utterly pointless sequel apes rise up against humans. This film is one hour and a half that seems like three. The battle scenes are pathetic, and the directing lame. The actors fare alright despite the mess of a script. As for the DVD? It is again worthless. Battle for the Planet of the Apes (G) 3/5 Roddy McDowall, Claude Akins, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Lew Ayres.  Directed by: J. Lee Thompson.  Synopsis: Apes and humans battle mutants for control of the planet. Special Features: Trailers, Game Trailer, Web Site. Review: Well this sequel is the third best in the apes series. It features apes researching their history thus causing mutants to get mad and come after them in an all out battle. The actors are all good, but the directing could have been a lot better so could the script for that matter. As for the DVD? We get nothing again. Behind the Planet of the Apes (NR) N/A Special Features Bonus Disc Directed by: Probably a monkey! Synopsis: This is a bonus disc about the Planet of the Apes series. It's a 2 hour Apes documentary. Special Features: Trailers, TV Spot. Review: Bonus insert disc to make up for the lack of special features on all the individual discs.     