 The Phantom Menace (PG) **/5 Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd, Ian McDiarmid. Directed by: George Lucas. Synopsis: Jedi knights must protect a Queen from assassination. Along the way they find a boy that might fulfill an ancient prophecy. Special Features: 2-Disc set: Featurettes, Web Documentaries, Animatics and Stills Galleries, Trailers and TV Spots, Music Video, Deleted Scenes, Documenteries. Review: In this childish butchering of the Star Wars saga formerly talented director George Lucas tells the beginning to the Star Wars saga. Where to begin? Well where for the former films were excellently made and entertaining for kids as well as adults this is poorly scripted, directed, trash dedicated to the celebration of special effects over script. This film butchers every aspect of the Star Wars universe right down to unraveling the mystical force fantasy to symbiotes living inside a host body. The script is almost nonexistent as we wander from one special effect scene to another. Poorly written dialogue such as "Are you an angel?" mar the script. The performances are largely poor. Samuel L. Jackson and Ewan McGregor are given next to nothing to do, Jake Lloyd delivers the worst performance by a child in cinematic history, Natalie Portman is more wooden than the forests on Naboo, and Hugh Quarshie appears to be reading the teleprompter. The direction is terrible. Lucas gets nothing out of his actors, and runs a point and shoot imagery. Also, his use of cutaways, box outs, and fades is 20 years old and it shows. Mr. Lucas special effects are not considered direction. Aside from that creatures farting, stepping in feces, and such odd childish acts coupled with the worst comedic sidekick ever to disgrace the silver screen doom the first entry in what was once the greatest film saga in history. As for the DVD? It is too good for the film. Great special features got placed here. My major beef about it is the deleted scenes only seem to remind me just how bad this film was.     