 The Florestan Trio is well on its way to becoming the pre-eminent piano trio of this generation, with outstanding recordings of Dvorak, Schumann, Schubert, Beethoven, and Brahms (all on Hyperion) under their belts.  They have impeccable technical polish and musical judgment, and they consistently bring a sense of freshness and re-discovery even to frequently performed and recorded works.  So often in their recordings, they make a passage you've heard so many times already sound special and new, without being idiosyncratic or different just for the sake of being different.  I'd been wondering for a while now when they would get around to the Mendelssohn trios, for which they are clearly well-suited.  This new CD does not disappoint.  I have two good recordings already of these works: the Stern/Rose/Istomin trio on Columbia/Sony and the Vienna Piano Trio on Nimbus.  The Florestan Trio's recording becomes my new favorite, not least for their choice of tempi.  Frequently with the Vienna Piano Trio, I felt that the tempi were a bit rushed, with the result that the performances sounded a bit frantic (I've noticed this in the group's live performances also).  The Florestan, on the other hand, is ideally paced, missing none of the sweep of the D minor trio's first movement, for example, yet without giving the sense that the notes are about to spin out of control.  Their performance of the (later) C minor trio led to a re-thinking on my part: previously I'd discounted this work as the inferior, "greyer"-sounding of the two, but with a performance as fresh as this, one begins to think that the C minor work is in fact the subtler and more accomplished piece.  I had a similar reaction after hearing the Florestan Trio's recording of the two Schumann trios, and it speaks volumes for the ensemble's quality when they can help us re-discover and re-evaluate works we thought we knew.  The sound quality, as we've come to expect from Hyperion, is first-rate, ideally balanced, detailed yet warm.  What's next?  The Florestan Trio has recorded most of the standard Romantic repertoire now; let's hope that they will get around to some of the (slightly) less well-known works, such as the trios of Smetana, Tchaikovsky, Arensky, and Rachmaninov.  Haydn and Mozart also seem ideally suited for the Florestan Trio.  I would be delighted to see the first volume of the "Complete Piano Trios of Joseph Haydn"!  Finally, a few words about this record company.  Music lovers may be aware that Hyperion has had considerable legal and financial difficulties recently (for more information, visit their website at [...]).  Let me say that this record label, perhaps more than any other classical label, is deserving of your support, even if its CDs cost a bit more.  Their artists are outstanding, their choice of repertoire often adventurous, and their engineering superb.  We can thank Hyperion for such notable achievements of classical recording as the complete lieder of Schubert and Schumann; the "Romantic Piano Concerto" series, now being followed up with violin and cello.  This company probably has done more for the classical music lover in the past couple decades than the majors (Sony, RCA, EMI, Deutsche Grammophon, Decca, Philips, Warner) combined.  Cheers to them, and let's help them keep doing this great work.     