 Wings Greatest from 1978 is an excellent greatest hits compilation. In 1975 John Lennon released the greatest hits package Shaved Fish, Ringo Starr Blast from Your Past, and George Harrison released his greatest hits. The Harrison record was the weakest, including one side of Beatles material! This was outrageous! Shaved Fish was a sloppy and overly cute assemblage of Lennon material. Only half of "Give Peace of Chance" is included with a live version spliced onto the end. There is even a Sgt. Pepper-type reprise at the end. The covers of the Harrison and Lennon albums were atrocious. The Ringo Starr package was much superior and included a comprehensive song selection. Wings Greatest followed this pattern of a poorly thought-out greatest hits album. The cover is absolutely horrendous!!! Give me a break, is this the best cover they could come up with? The song selection is good but very superficial. Only the pop hits were included. The live version of "Maybe I.m Amazed" was left off as was the studio version and "Listen to What the Man Said" was also left off. Obviously there were limitations of space on the album. But is this an excuse to release sub-standard product? Why not produce a well-thought out package? What saves the album is the music, which is classic McCartney. The songs are among the greatest of the 1970s. The problem with the album is that McCartney released a ton of material and only a small portion is included on this album. Harrison too, released a ton of material, including two triple albums!!!! In 1968 Harrison released a movie soudtrack and a no. 1 album in 1973. Yet the compilers of the Harrison set, like the McCartney set, were hard-pressed to find Harrison selections for the album, including a whole side of Beatles songs!!!This is ridiculous! Likewise, a McCartney greatest hits package could have been a double album with a decent cover and more depth in the song selections. But as a collection of McCartney's biggest selling singles in the 1970s, this set is excellent. The music is remarkable.     