 The Beatles "1" CD continues to sell remarkably well over half a year after its release when it broke global chart records. I STILL like "1". In fact, this CD gets better with time. To make a long story short, this is the greatest music of the 20th century by the greatest group of the 20th century. It is as simple as that. And, oh, by the way, the greatest song of the 20th century, "Yesterday", is also on this CD! The Beatles career in music is legendary. No one else ever matched it. Only Elvis can rival the Beatles run on the charts. It is the stuff of legend. Were the Beatles that great? Was the music that good? Every listener will have to decide on their own. Not every no.1 was a great song/record. Not all the best material of the Beatles is included here. "Michelle", "In My Life", "A Day in the Life", "With a Little Help From My Friends", etc., are not on this album. Many of the greatest Beatles songs are not on it. But this just shows how great the Beatles output was. You cannot put it all on a single 80 minute CD! How many musicians can boast that? But all the Beatles classic singles are here. The sound quality is excellent. The Beatles never sounded better. "1" is ear candy. Once you begin listening, you become hooked. The music is that GOOD, the music is that powerful.It does not take a genius to figure out why thousands of fans were screaming and going out of their minds during Beatlemania. This music grabs you by the throat and does not let go! Trust me.Once the music takes control, you are hooked. There is no escape. That is the power of the Beatles. That cannot be denied. There is so much energy and fun and musicality. "Yeah!Yeah!Yeah!" The material is dynamite. This is the greatest musical run of the 20th century,perhaps of all time.Now we can all see why.The Beatles just took over. And while not everything stands up to time and there are hooks and gimmicks that one can analyze now, overall, the musical effect is astounding. This is the rock and roll equivalent of the Mozart Jupiter Symphony or the Beethoven 9th symphony. This is the cream of the crop. This is the top of the pops. Buy this CD to see what all the fuss and xcreaming was about. See what a REAL boy band sounds like. See why The New Kids on the Block and Backstreet Boys are not even on the same planet as the Beatles. "1" is life-altering music. It is the music that defined and changed a generation, for better or worse.You say you want a revolution? The Beatles gave us one, a REAL revolution. "1" is the real deal. This is timeless music, this is REAL music, not phony, manufactured music. I would recommend this CD highly. Buy it. You will enjoy the thrill of listening to this music. It is the music that changed the world.     