 The 1971 IMAGINE album by John Lennon has been re-mixed and re-mastered. New photographs are enclosed with lyrics but there are no bonus tracks or outtakes. Alternate takes from the sessions would have made a great addition. The remastering and remixing has improved the sound clarity and the overall sound. But the balance and emphasis is slightly altered on some songs. "Oh My Love" is clean and clear sounding but slightly weaker than the earlier version. This brings up the issue of whether remixing the album has in a significant way improved the sound quality of the album. Having listened to the 1971 vinyl version, the original CD version, and now the remixed and remastered version, the cleanest and clearest sound is on the remixed version, but the original CD version is much closer to the original vinyl sound. Why tamper and mess with a classic album? Remixing is a radical step that is controversial because an outsider is ex post facto tampering with an artistic creation. It would be like colorizing A Hard Day's Night or Citizen Kane. Why try to improve on a classic? The remixing was done in conjunction with the GIMME SOME TRUTH special on the making of the album. So, apparenlty, the remixing was done as a gimmick to promote the special. Did the gimmick work? The remixed IMAGINE CD did poorly on the charts, sold poorly, and was ignored by music critics. There is your answer. By comparison, the Paul McCartney remastered anthology WINGSPAN debuted at no.2 on the Billboard charts and went double platinum upon release.This tells the whole story. But what about the IMAGINE CD itself? How good is IMAGINE, how good is the music? Half of the songs on IMAGINE are musical masterpieces and John Lennon's greatest compositions and songs. The other half of the album is banal and the songs are weak. So IMAGINE has some of Lennon's best and worst songs. It is a mixed bag. Lennon's greatest solo song "Imagine" is enhanced on CD. "Oh My Love" is my personal favorite on the album, an overlooked musical gem by Lennon featuring George Harrison on lead guitar. "Gimme Some Truth" with a George Harrison lead guitar solo scorches and is a strong song capturing Lennon's angst and personality perfectly."How" and "Jealous Guy" are the other two standout songs on the album. These five songs make IMAGINE one of Lennon's greatest solo releases. But the other five songs are weak. "Crippled Inside" is a song that does not work. The self-loathing and pop psychology are a flop. The song is banal. "I Don't Want To Be a Soldier" is a long jam that goes nowhere and as a song does not work. "Oh Yoko" is a heartfelt song but is too self-centered, self-indulgent, and egotistical to work well on the album. Lennon was not able to create a unified artistic vision here. He let distraction get in the way. The infamous song "How Do You Sleep" is a petty, vicious, and mean-spirited attack against Paul McCartney.What set Lennon off was the song "Too Many People" on the RAM album which Lennon perceived as a personal attack upon him. But "How Do You Sleep" is the most embarrassing, most petty, and most mean-spirited of all songs released by the Beatles. The song is insipid, petty, and egotistical. The result is that the album suffers. Again, there is no artistic vision. Lennon mixes spiteful attacks with love songs to his wife with idealistic songs. These songs are musically weak and banal and shallow. The album is imperfect.The weaknesses of the album would be magnified when Lennon released the disastrous SOMETIME IN NEW YORK CITY album in 1972 which flopped. But IMAGINE has enough masterpieces on it to make it a great album and one of the greatest of the 1970s. Overall, IMAGINE is a classic rock album, one of Lennon's best. The good songs on this album make it worthwhile and eclipse the poor songs. IMAGINE and the 1970 album PLASTIC ONO BAND are masterpieces and go together conceptually the way MIND GAMES(1973) and WALLS AND BRIDGES (1974) go together and the way DOUBLE FANTASY and MILK AND HONEY go together. IMAGINE and PLASTIC ONO BAND should be listened to together. They are powerful albums by one of the greatest musicians of the 20th century. And while not perfect, these albums contain Lennon's greatest solo musical moments.     