 WALLS AND BRIDGES was released in 1974 during the "lost weekend" period in the career of John Lennon. The album features Elton John on two tracks and Harry Nilsson as well. The album contains two masterpieces by Lennon, the no.1 smash hit single "Whatever Gets You Thru the Night" which features a duet with Elton John, who also plays piano. "Whatever Gets You Thru the Night" is one of Lennon's great 1970s songs,mixing funk and rock. Lennon also co-wrote, played guitar on, and sang background vocals on David Bowie's no.1 song, "Fame" in 1975. Lennon was also on the third no.1 of this period, Elton John"s remake of "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".This sets the musical milieu or context for the WALLS AND BRIDGES album.A second Lennon classic on the album is the masterpiece "#9 Dream" which was a top ten hit in 1975. "Old Dirt Road" is a song co-written with Harry Nilsson and is another standout selection.The song selections,however, are uneven. There is even an instrumental. In the CD booklet included are the lyrics to all the songs and reproductions of drawings Lennon did in the 1950s while a student in Liverpool.The album suffers from the slick, overproduction and lackluster performances of the session players. The highlights of this album are the duets with Elton John. "Whatever Gets You Thru the Night" and "#9 Dream" are two of Lennon's greatest performances as a solo musician, funky, upbeat, playful, witty. Elton John, like David Bowie, sounded great paired with Lennon, who was an idol and musical influence on both John and Bowie."Sweet Bird of Paradox" is the second song on the album on which Elton John sings background vocals.WALLS AND BRIDGES, unlike Lennon's earlier solo releases, is a funky, relaxed, playful album. The album is weakened, however, by the inclusion of "Ya Ya", a cover song Lennon was forced to do against his will. Under the conditions of a lawsuit, Lennon had to cover a song the publishing company which sued him owned. This explains why Lennon's performance is so god-awful and is only a snippet.Lennon got his revenge. This legal blackmail certainly marred the album. It just showed you how GREEDY and RUTHLESS these publishing companies were, the suits of the music industry.There is also a statement on the sleeve that Lennon has seen a UFO. This is a bizarre statement to say the least. Who cares? UFOs don't exist anyway. But it just shows that Lennon was distracted at this period in his career. He could not focus adequately on the MUSIC. That he managed to create such musical masterpieces in spite of these distractions is remarkable. WALLS AND BRIDGES is a masterful album by John Lennon. It is a follw-up to the 1973 album MIND GAMES. These two albums go together and should be listened to together.Conceptually they are very similar.WALLS AND BRIDGES has two of Lennon's greatest songs, "Whatever Gets You Thru the Night" and "#9 Dream". This album is one of Lennon's best solo albums and is the last album of original studio material before the five year retirement in 1975.A hot and funky and fun album.     