 The White Album is a landmark rock album. First released in 1968, the album stands up as a musical masterpiece and a rock milestone. Like SGT. PEPPER and RUBBER SOUL and REVOLVER, the WHITE ALBUM presents a unique and totally different musical texture and landscape. The Beatles, unlike most other musicians, were constantly evolving and experimenting musically and as artists and musicians. This is one reason why the Beatles and their music and movies stand the test of time. Current pop sensation Ricky Martin once asked why the Beatles were able to endure and remain the pinnacle of artistic achievement. The answer is found on the WHITE ALBUM. The Beatles were always willing to challenge themselves, to explore new musical frontiers, to destroy barriers and obstacles. They were always true to themselves. Above all, art is about conviction, beauty is truth, truth is beauty, and beauty and truth are how art itself is defined. In the WHITE ALBUM, the Beatles explore many themes and issues: "Blackbird" is about the civil rights movement, "Revolution 1" and "9" are about the assassinations and political protest movements in 1968, "I'm So Tired" is about the hollowness of fame and success, "Yer Blues" is about the isolation, loneliness, meaninglessness of being a pop/rock star. "Julia" is a love song, "Helter Skelter" is a no holds barred rock and roll jam, "Mother Nature's Son" is about finding harmony in nature, "Piggies" is about the establishment. Each song is a revelation and unique in its own way. The Beatles did not have to prove anything anymore. They concentrated on the music. Each of the Beatles is spotlighted on the album. One of the criticisms of this album is that the Beatles were not performing as a group but as individuals. But what is wrong with that? That is actually what gives the album its unique musical texture. Each member of the group is in the spotlight. This meant that the band was much more loose. The style ranges from parody to experimentation to ballads. The Beatles use the whole canvas. In the process, we see the depth of their vision and talent as musicians. They stretch out here and the result is a masterpiece. They don't hold back. As Bono of U2 said, the WHITE ALBUM is the blueprint for all rock albums that followed. The Beatles combined experimentation with songwriting fundamentals and accomplished musicianship. This is what is usually missed. Experimentation must be grounded in an anchor of musical basics and fundamentals. Otherwise, the result is unconvincing and produces noise and not beauty and art. The Beatles knew this. You can only go so far with experimentation. Being trendy and artsy just as a gimmick they knew was phony. The music had to be genuine, it had to be real. The singing and playing on the WHITE ALBUM are excellent. Eric Clapton is the guest soloist on "While My Guitar Gently Weeps". Slowhand's solos are scorchers. Who else but the Beatles would have the genius to invite Eric Clapton to play on their album? In 1969, Billy Preston would be invited to play keyboards on their sessions. Needless to say, the Beatles knew talent when they saw it. Clapton and Preston became one of the greatest musicians in the next 25 years. The Beatles approach was: If you have talent, go for it. Challenge yourself. The songs on the WHITE ALBUM are classics and standards that everyone knows. There is no point in going over the songs here. Everyone knows the songs, from the party jam "Birthday" to "Ob-la-Di, Ob-La-Da", to the put-on parody of "Back in the U.S.S.R." to the psychedelic "Dear Prudence".If you want to know why the Beatles were the greatest band of the 1960s,and why they remain the greatest band even today, listen to the WHITE ALBUM. The Beatles were not great because they had pop hits on the charts. Milli Vanilli and Britney Spears and N'SYNC too had many pop chart hits. The Beatles were great because they were genuine musicians and artists. They were real. What they released was art, not disposable pop rubbish. You can only go so far with hype before everyone sees through you. The Beatles understood this better than anyone else. What is so great about the WHITE ALBUM to me is that it shows the Beatles themselves struggling to transcend the hype and shallowness of the music industry. The result is a rock milestone, a classic album in rock and roll. It doesn't get any better than the WHITE ALBUM. Everything that needed to be said was said.     