 The 2 CD set WINGSPAN by Paul McCartney/Wings is an excellent anthology of the Wings period of his career, 1971-1981. The main feature of this collection is that it is NOT a greatest hits package or a comprehensive, systematic collection of chart hits. Rather, this collection is made up of personal choices and selections by Paul McCartney himself of what he considers defintive musical moments in the career of Wings. There are strengths and weaknesses to such an approach. On the plus side, we know this is what McCartney himself wants us to hear. On the negative side, the selections are necessarily subjective and not comprehensive. I was disappointed that there were no outtakes and alternate takes and demos. This would have made the CD much more revealing. As for the selections, there is no way to please everybody. That is why compilations usually are assembled by going on chart position, sales, and other objective criteria. As an anthology, the selections are excellent, offering a good cross-section and sampling of the musical output. Obviously, McCartney was not going by the Billboard chart positions. But leaving off his two biggest hits, "Ebony and Ivory" and "Say,Say, Say", is jarring. Alternate takes of those two songs might have been a good idea. The Wings period is covered well. McCartney includes all the major hits. The "History" CD consists entirely of personal selections by McCartney. His choices are excellent, reflecting what he considers the most significant musical moments in the career of Wings. With the proviso that this compilation is not a greatest hits package but an anthology of personal favorites, the Wingspan anthology is an excellent assemblage of songs. It is flawless in this context. For those that want the greatest hits, get All the Best.  The remastering is excellent. The sound quality is flawless.The photographs are a great addition. This CD will bring back memories to those that experienced the 1970s. We have to remember that according to Billboard, Paul McCartney/Wings were the most popular musical act of the entire decade of the 1970s, beating out Elton John and disco. McCartney had the most hits during the 1970s, he was the top musical act of the 1970s, as the Beatles had been in the 1960s. You couldn't escape hearing his music. It was all over the place. Songs like "Let 'em In" and "Silly Love Songs" (no.1 for 5 weeks in 1976) bring back memories of that era. "Maybe I'm Amazed" is one of the greatest songs of the 1970s. There is a lot of good stuff on this set. Listeners are going to have songs they like and songs they hate. But that is the nature of putting together an anthology. WINGSPAN is ear candy and a successful compilation. For better or worse, it is the music of our lives, the music of a generation, the music of an era.     