 This book is a must-read for anyonen interested in foreign relations, globalization, industrial history, and yes, even security.  Despite its catchy title this book is as much about civilian politics and commercial activity as it is about the military.  Maybe even more so.  I recently had the privilege of speaking privately, extensively with Tom Barnett about the issues addressed in PNM.  His ideas continue to evolve and shortly we can expect a sequel to PNM, as well as a paperback version of the original.    Tom's main credo is to plan for and wage war "in the context of _everything else._"  That means, don't wage war unidimensionally:  you take into account all of the existing "rule sets" governing the situation, paths to desired outcomes (in many sectors), and then carefully introduce a "system perturbation" (an invasion, sanctions, a cultural statement that would appeal to many nations' under-30 majority populations) to shake things up.    Once a military action has occurred, Barnett advises through example, be sure to have ready or in place post-conflict systems for the reconstruction and development of the local economy, schools, health care, security, and the press; and then stay low, work with the locals.  This will be a longer and costlier process than fighting a war.  Serious funding is required just to stay in the game; and that means more, not fewer, international alliances to help share the burden.  Eventually, we will get to a point where bonds of affiliation -- like those that developed between Greece and Turkey, after hundreds of years, when the two nations exchanged earthquake rescue teams to each other in 1999 -- hold the world together despite the stresses and strains of environmental factors.  PNM isn't about willful arrogance or the externalization by fearful political actors of uncontrollable factors on the world scene.  Tom's not like that, to answer the ad hominem argument.  What Barnett has recognized and applied well within his corpus is that globalization, having been set in motion, is a nearly unstoppable force -- and additionally, it has upsides IF we engage with globalization in all its facets, from all points of view.  Barnett's "New Road Map" is just what it says it is, a way to move forward. I've yet to hear any conservative critics, classical or neocon, offer a persuasive alternative.  The ostrich-head-in-the-sand philosophy, that we should let the Gap nations solve their own problems or let them go down in flames -- shared by ultra-radicals on the Left and rockrib reactionaries on the Right -- is patently unworkable.  The disease that breed in the Gap (and I don't mean Al Quaida, I mean more virulent killers like a resurgent smallpox) respect no boundaries.  The same could be said for ignorance, ecological predation, and suppression of liberties in the Gap nations.    Barnett may not have worked out all the right answers, but he asks all the right questions.  For now, that degree of candor is very welcome.    Tom's also very funny, recounting how when the Berlin Wall came down, it almost cost him his job at the Naval war College; (he was trained at Harvard as an expert on Soviet Cold War plans and assigned to the Pentagon).  Now he's touting China and India as two of the likeliest future allies for the U.S., as each gets its population in hand and stabilizes, then liberalizes its economies.  BTW, here's Barnett's webpage.  It's informational, a reference library of everything Tom's done prior to, during, and after 9/11 and the Iraq invasion.    http://thomaspmbarnett.com/  If you wnat to know what Tom's thinking about right now, however, visit his terrific blog:   http://thomaspmbarnett.com/blog/  All in all, PNM is a very good book, an important book, right for our time, surprisingly non-jargonistic, written by an authority who's alive to our changing environment, not frozen in space and time.  And you know what?  The Powers That Be are listening -- and that goes for folks across the political spectrum and around the world.     