 The Pianist is a unique and beautiful film in that it tells the story of Wladyslaw Szpilman without marring the truth with pretense or bravado. The film, as a whole, presents a vision of world war 2 Poland that was painstakingly crafted as to give the viewer an idea of the chaos, cruelty, and reality that was the backdrop for the life of the protagonist. The plot is essentialy about the survival of Szpilman as Nazi Germany invaded his homeland, sending his family to concentration and labor camps to die.The cinematography is an achievement in itself and the film is historically accurate, in one scene even showing a Nazi cameraman filming the proceedings as the Nazis truly kept thorough records.  This film does not hide the ungodly practices that were Nazi doctrine, and throughout the film, we see the arbitrary brutality that was the fate of so many polish citizens. A young woman is shot in the forehead when she asks what soldiers intend to do with their prisoners and a young boy is beaten to death trying to escape a prison wall, a scene that diector polanski lived through when he escaped nazi occupied Poland through a wall. However, because Wladyslaw Szpilman is a great artist , and more importantly, because he is very lucky, he manages to escape this ill-fates of his family members. It is through this journey that we become aquainted with the other characters in the film. These characters form the incredible depth of the film. The Polish people as a whole are not made out to be saintly patriots,one dimensional sufferers, or the subhuman manifestaion of Nazi theories.They are more accurately sculpted as human beings with weaknesses and strengths, and their own dark sides. Wladyslaw Szpilman's family represents a side of Poland that was intellegent and artistic, with strong and cohesive families, the embodiment of what so many of us strive for. For them, we feel sympathy. Their loss is truly tragic, because their fall is so great. They are not without their imperfections though, and this is  shown succinctly when Wladyslaw's brother lets his sister know that he ," Wished I could have known you better..." before being sent to a camp. Also depicted, are characters who would steal a guandis and dying musician's money for survial, a below average intellegence propaghandist newspaper distibutor and prisoners who fight old women for food. On the other hand, we are not introduced to many Germans on an intimate level. The soldiers who are represented are usually brutal and murderous, fufilling the grand design of the Nazi plan. From soldiers, this behavior was solicited and required, but we also encounter a nasty german woman who would have the protagonist shot for being Jewish. This seems to suggest an evil nature of the society as a whole... until Wladyslaw meets a german officer who saves his life. The scene of their meeting is particularily striking and beautiful. Up until this point we have really only seen Wladyslaw Szpilman reacting to the chaos around him. Here he is confronted by the officer with the question of "who are you". Wladyslaw explains that he is a Pianist, but then stutters and stops..." I was a Pianist". And this is the state to which he has been reduced. He is no longer an artist. He is no longer human, nand does not look more alive than dead. He has been stripped of his humanity completely, and thus of his identity as THE PIANIST. But instead of killing him, the soldier asks him to play, and so is the character revealed to us. He is revelaed by his music, and while he plays, the officer listens, overwhelmed by the identity that Wladyslaw has recovered.     