 This book deals with a very important topic - how new organizations arise  in the various contexts of biology, cognitive science, sociology, and computer science. The author, a science writer, is clearly enthusiastic about his subject, and he provides several vivid examples of emergence phenomena, including the spontaneous development of patterns in ant colonies, the growth of cities, the development of the World Wide Web, and emergence of mind from the ten to one hundred neurons of the human brain.  General books of this sort, it seems to me, fall into three classes. The first - which includes Steven Johnson's "Emergence" - comprise books written by skillful writers who have little basic scientific knowledge and are therefore uncomfortably dependent on the particular experts whom they choose to interview. The second class is written by scientists who are familiar with the many details of their area, but lack the ability to write. These writers often produce books that are informative but tedious for the general reader. The third class, of which there are few examples, are by scientists who also know how to write.   It seems to me unfair to criticize Johnson for not being a scientist, as other reviewers of this book have done. Johnson does not claim to be a scientist and the reader cannot expect him to have mastered all aspects of a wide and complicated subject like emergence. Indeed, I have my own list of important names in the area of which he seems to be unaware, including Chris Langton (artificial life), John Conway (game of life), Donald Hebb (cell assemblies in the brain), Manfred Eigen (hypercycles in proto-biology,  Lev Landau (polaron), Warren McCulloch and Warren Pitts (logical theory of the brain), Thomas Kuhn (scientific revolutions), William James (nature of religious conversion), the list goes on.   If you know nothing about emergence but would like to experience the excitement of researchers in this emerging area,you will enjoy and profit from reading this well written book. Be warned, however, that the subject is much larger that Steven Johnson yet imagines.  Alwyn Scott http://personal.riverusers.com/~rover/     