 There are three types of science books. First are monographs, written by scientists for their peers, larded with jargon, and incomprehensible to the general public. Second are books by professional science writers, which read like Tuesday's New York Times - glib and flashy but unreliable because the authors depend on interviews of a necessarily small number of scientists. Finally are those few books by scientists who both know the subject and are able to write. Scientifically reliable and well written, Steven Strogatz's "Synch: How Order Emerges from Chaos in the Universe, Nature, and Daily Life" is in the last category. Inspired by and dedicated to the late Art Winfree - a biologist who had more intuition than most mathematicians - Strogatz gets the excitement of discovering a new field and of learning to do research down onto the page.   In three well-constructed sections, comprising three or four chapters each, the author leads his readers on a grand tour of his research in nonlinear science over the past two decades, from observations of Indonesian fireflies flashing in time with each other, through brain waves, circadian rhythms, coupled pendula, and quantum condensation (lasers, superconductors, and superfluids), to synchronized chaos and the internet. Throughout, helpful metaphors abound and mathematical equations are avoided, while many important ideas are skillfully introduced and the human side of doing science is artfully described.   One factual error should be noted. In chapter seven, it is stated that in 1979 Edward Lorenz introduced the term "butterfly effect" to underscore the sensitive dependence on initial conditions of chaotic systems, whereas the true year was 1972. This error continues to propagate because science writer James Gleick made it in his popular book entitled "Chaos". It's important to get the year right because the 1970s were an amazing decade in which research in nonlinear science exploded from less than a dozen papers a year to more than a dozen a day. Rather than merely commenting on this historic explosion, Lorenz helped to ignite it.  Alwyn Scott http://personal.riverusers.com/~rover/     