 Amber was one of the flagship albums of the ambient electronica scene in the mid 90s. Autechre subsequently veered off towards experimental pastures, eschewing the glacial, serene synthscapes featured here in tracks like Montreal and Silverside in favour of fractured beat meltdowns and frenetic pummelling. This is understandable; artists must move with the times, but I personally find Amber and its crisp successor Tri Repetae more palatable recording than later offerings such as Confield and Draft 7.30. What's more, Autechre's older stuff has aged extremely well (compared to say, Orb), so there's no dismissing this as just old hat. The key theme in Amber is emptiness and absence - just look at the cover - and the music reflects this brilliantly. Autechre (a synth duo, if you didn't know) are also good at create rhythm patterns that can be listened to in several different ways depending on where you, the listener, put the first beat. There is in other words a kind of musical interactibility. On Slip, for example, the notes are sequenced so that finding the first beat in each bar is impossible. But it doesn't matter. Slip is one of the most exquisite pieces of music ever to see the light of day. It evokes emotions and feelings that other music is incapable of (if you like this you should give Arovane a try).  Montreal is by Autechre's standards a very accessible slice of atmospheric techno, with a straightforward `Mission Impossible' style theme underpinned by seductive tapestry of nibbly noises and elegant pads that fade in and out. Silverside encapsulates the emptiness theme very well; the music is gentle but haunting and otherworldly, distanced and machine-made. The Autechre aesthetic is encapsulated on the titanic Teartear, which is haunting, ominous yet at the same time extremely beautiful and highly dramatic. Which pretty much sums up this whole album, actually. If you're new to Autechre I would recommend any of the first three albums: Incunabula, Amber and Tri Repetae. Tri Repetae is slightly crisper but Amber is the more laid back.  One thing: give it a few listens; it gets better and better.      