 UK's Camel were contenders on the progressive scene, but had to take second place behind bands like Genesis, Jethro Tull and Yes in the popularity stakes. This doesn't mean their music is any way inferior - Camel simply lacked the sheer audacity of pretension and scale of ambition that made works such as Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, Songs from the Wood or Close to the Edge set texts in the 70s progressive canon. Camel chose to plough their own furrow, offering up a smooth blend of - mainly instrumental - rock with jazzy and classical overtones. And herein lies the secret of their failure - Camel were happiest doing long, meandering pieces and suites, letting Andrew Latimer's eloquent guitar do the talking while Pete Bardens' dreamy keyboards filled in the gaps. This worked well on records like Snowgoose and Mirage, but record company only wanted to release records with real singing, so Camel had to start writing tunes with lyrics. Breathless was the result of this new direction. More singing, broader appeal. But Camel never sold out the way Genesis did, and were never interested in courting chart success or blagging a slot on Top of the Pops. Breathless therefore remains refreshingly uncommercial, with the towering 7-minute magnum opus Echoes (Latimer's guitar playing on fire here), the jaunty goings on Down on the Farm (with some lovely flute work from Mel Collins); the poppy, infectious You Make Me Smile (and it does); the funky, danceable Summer Lightning and the joyous opening salvo of Breathless - all wonderful stuff. There's even a lengthy jam, The Sleeper, that sounds like an outtake from Moonmadness, but still a highlight. There are some weaknesses - on Starlight Ride, there`s a dire cod-baroque twiddling (now you realise why punk rock came along), on Wing and a Prayer Andy Latimer's shortcomings as a lyricist rear their collective heads. The sleevework and packaging is poor (compare this to Moonmadness) and the liner notes are unispired. So, not a coherent album concept, then, but more of a treasure grove of goodies to sooth our tired ears. Although less meditative than Moonmadness, and while lacking the artistic coherency of that album, these are still some of Camel's best, warmest tunes to date.       