 The Two Against Nature - a video accompaniment to the album of the same name - attempts to be half-documentary-half-live-concert but strangely fails to be either. Documentary-wise Steely Dan fans should check out the slightly better Classic Albums Aja movie, where an animated Dan duo talk us through the making of that seminal recording. The prevailing mood in Two Against Nature is fatigue and lack of inspiration. The live performance is immaculately staged but the sound is thin, the performances lack spark and Donald Fagen is not in good voice. Walter Becker plays some tasty guitar but is not exactly Jimi Hendrix when it comes to showmanship or stage presence. In fact, given that the Dan aren't really a sensational live band at the best of times, putting a made-for-the-studio live performance on the DVD is a questionable move from the start. The camera team shows plenty of enthusiasm for the backing vocalists (girls, attractive), zooming in on them whenever possible, perhaps to add a touch of showbiz glamour that is otherwise conspicuously absent. The documentary footage consists of Fagen and Becker attempting to interview their musicians but doing all the talking, dull-as-dishwater rehearsal footage (in black & white for added `authenticity'). Nothing wrong with the musicianship, however, with the entire ensemble playing with panache and skill to a man. Although not an unmitigated disaster (Fagen and Becker are funny guys in real life), this is a project that could have been so much better. The set list is, unsurprisingly, culled mainly from the Two Against Nature album, with a few oldies thrown in (Babylon Sisters, Peg, Green Onions, Kid Charlemagne) but none surpassing their studio versions. In short, this is a long-overdue DVD but seems to have been be executed by people who have been making too many documentaries about prisons. It's not very rock n' roll in other words.  Two Against Nature is unlikely to win the band any new fans, and indeed will probably try the patience of many existing Dan enthusiasts. The ultimate Steely Dan DVD remains to be made.      