 With the benefit of hindsight it is easy to dismiss Gary Moore as a purveyor of supercharged bendy guitar histrionics, albeit on the blues scale. There's more to Belfast-born wizzard than that, however, as can be heard on this top-flight 1970's jazz rock album by Colloseum II, where Gary Moore foregoes the blues and ventures into jazzier pastures with equal assurance and feist. But Colloseum II is a team effort rather than a vehicle for rock stars' sideline indulgences. And Gary Moore isn't even the star of this line-up.  That position is held by Jon Hiseman - the drummers' drummer and founding member. But fans of 70s rock might be intrigued to hear the Don Airey (Rainbow, etc.) supplies keyboards - with many of those wispy string synthpads - while Bass duties are handled with reassuring dexterity by John Mole (who, the sleeve takes pains to inform us, plays the Fender Jazz bass and no other, thank you very much). The musical pedigree of this group is reflected in some of the collaborations - John Mole,for example, played on Julian Lloyd Weber's South Bank Show theme tune.   The album is a glistening slab of prime 70s jazz-rock, that frazzles with energy but manages to be cool at the same time. This is a mostly instrumental album, but what vocals there are - namely on the ballad  Am I - are supplied by Gary Moore with good results.  Stand-out tracks include the opening groove, Put it This Way, with the band laying down the law like a like a kind of jazz-rock declaration of intent. Jon Hiseman's crisp drumming comes to the fore in Intergalactic Strut, while All Skin and Bones has a kicking afro flavoured highly danceable beat (shades of Santana here). The overall feel is smooth - this is a good late night record  - and there's a kind of laid-back jazzy feel. By no means groundbreaking in the way that say, Herbie Hancock, was, but if a tight jazz rock combo (with the accent on rock)firing on all six sounds interesting (let's avoid that aweful word, fusion) then Electric Savage is highly recommended.  And if you like jazz-rock supergroups, you might want to check out Brand X's back catalogue with Phil Collins making significant contributions. But that's another story.      