 It must be quite annoying for Autechre to have a fan base a large slice of which, judging by most Amazon.com reviewers here, prefers and harks back to the first three albums. It's not really fair appraisal - a large chunk of their post-Tri Repetae output, Chiastic Slide in particular, is brilliant, definitely recommended further listening. Anyway Tri Repetae is, at a push, the best of the three first much-loved albums. It's like all the best aspects of Incacubula and Amber refined into one glistening masterpiece. Tri Repetae is a bit chunkier and less glacial than Amber, the clanking of machinery always lurks somewhere in the mix. It's drier than Amber and the sound is crisper and closer. It's dancier; too, if you can believe that, with some unmistakable hip-hop influences informing many of the grooves like Dael and C/Pach.  On Dael, ghostly voice samples fade in and out but remain just beyond hearing range, adding a spooky element. Overand is probably one of Autechre's most minimal tracks and would fit snugly on Aphex Twin's Selected Ambient Works 2. Chirruping frogs kick off Gnit before yielding to a finely honed beat. This is one of my favourite tracks off this album. Autechre truly excel at creating multi-layered sonic sculptures with poignant, forlorn melodies traciong an arc above them (an approach also favoured by Arovane). Stud too is a very strong track that gets under the skin and stays there. I listened to it at low volume the other day and it sounded totally different, much better in fact.  The metallic feel of the record surfaces again in the album's closing salvo Rsdio, which sounds like naked, stoned construction workers performing a religious dance ritual. By Autechre's standards it is a fairly straightforward track at first listen, a meandering dub-infused jam, but as the track unfolds into so much more. The album cover design is reassuringly minimal. Well, there's nothing, actually, apart from a plain matt gold sleeve and a footnote telling the listener that the album is `incomplete without surface noise'. Inside the tracks are listed but not numbered so manual track selection is tedious at first. Inside, though, there are cards with pictures of blurred machinery, a kind of visual accessory to the music, so you get your money's worth. Although Autechre's music is notoriously difficult to describe, Autechre are an essential listen to anyone even remotely interested in modern music. Like a certain brand of Danish beer, they refresh parts other artists cannot reach.     