 IBTABA is a live recording, greatest hits and remix album all rolled into one. They've taken the drum (and other) tracks from live recordings and then added other overdubs in the studio constructing alternate versions of existing songs. Sometimes this works; Public Place wafts out from speakers enticingly, capturing the grey public sector existentialism of the original version but without the elephantine guitar riff. A more polite version perhaps but just as effective. And that's the secret to IBABA, really, the songs here are meant as a compement to, not a replacement of the album version. Sometimes it doesn't work, the rendition of Over Theirs (perhaps the pinnacle of Wire's achievement) lacks the punch and crispness of the original (on the Ideal Copy album) and comes a cross like a sort of dub-ified version with someone at the controls who doesn't really like dub. Or Wire. Finest Drops fares much better, full of live energy and Robert Gotobed showing what a fine drummer he is. Boiling Boy (from the Bell is a Cup...album)is present and correct and without the drums which brings the intriguing, dreamlike lyrics to the front on a wsh of atmospherics. It is towards the end of the album, however, that IBTABA really kicks in and Wire show signs of what they could have achieved if they had veered more towards the mainstream and adopted the pop sensibilities of the Bunnymens, U2s, New Order, etc.  In Vivo, Eardrum Buzz (12" version) and The Offer are guitar-driven anthems that are exhilarating to listen to. Illuminated is a cool dancy number ruined by a rather annoying spoken loop repeated ad nauseum.  In brief, IBTABA it is a dubby, textured record that offers previously available Wire highlights in a more ambient version. What do Wire sound like? To me Wire sound like Joy Division, Walker Brothers and Talking Heads. And they're really very good. Wire are an unashamedly cerebral and arty - definitely not the kind of thing your kid sister would like but will fit snugly into the record collection of any post-punk, new wave, Smiths/Cure/Echo & the Bunnymen fan. Come to think of it I'd choose Wire over Robert Smith's and Ian McCullough's cohorts anyday.  The bottom line? Not the ideal starting point for novices but fans should dive right in.     