 Great Rock n Roll Swindle is one of the classic rock movies, a must for punk fans for whom the first year 2 years was when it all went down (Clash fans may disagree). A film that lives up to its name in several respects. In a good way. Science-fantasy author Michael Moorcock said it took him two weeks to write the screenplay. Judging from the narrative thread, or lack thereof, this is probably not an understatement.  Some of this is throwaway, musically speaking, and will interest only punk aficionados and novices. Something Else, for instance, has the sight of Sid Vicious carving himself up with a broken bottle and then riding a motorbike...without a helmet! While in the background the worker Pistols hammer out the workmanlike beat that only just manages to stay tight. The swindle becomes all too clear: Sid Vicious has no charisma, can't sing, has no screen presence and doesn't have the moves. And if self-mutilation and unsafe motorbike riding doesn't send your shock-o-meter into the red, then perhaps the Sid stumbling about drunk in a Jewish area of Paris wearing huge Swastika T-shirt will raise an eyebrow or two. Sid later returns for an on-stage, glammed up version of My Way where we are once more reminded that Sid can't sing and doesn't have the moves, etc. In the finale he shoots several audience members (they're the lucky ones). It's crap but riveting viewing if you know what I mean? The Pistols story is reproduced with the help of old TV footage, and interviews with hapless record company executives with 1976-regulation-mullett haircuts and a succession of really crap cartoons (including the awful Friggin' in the Rigging, where you can almost hear the sound of barrels being scraped). A lot of this material resurfaces on the Filth and the Fury movie, which is an altogether more serious attempt to nail the Pistols saga in movie form. And like in Filth & the Fury, director Julian Temple plays around with different historical scenarios to recontextualise and therefore redefine the punk sub-culture. It's all good fun - the inimitable Tenpole Tudor nearly steals the show playing a unhinged movie usher stuttering and twitching through Who Killed Bambi? - one of the many defining Punk moments of the film.  It may not be the ultimate Sex Pistols movie, but it's trashy, in-your-face and makes being swindled a perverse pleasure.        