 In two hundred years' time, at the World Annual Music Convention (2202), a bearded old man will take the stage to announce that a crucial missing link in the Movement in Techno has finally been found in a dusty cave near Baden Baden.  "There is absolut ely no doubt in my mind," he will say, " that this is the CD we have been looking for. This, Ladies and Gentlemen, is where it all started. A collection of northern European (and two american) electronica artists who one day saw the light, threw away thei r Roland drum machines and used the noises generated by the static, faulty equipment to create a minimal, understated offshoot of techno. And they saw that it was good." The old man will then put Disc 3 on and the audience will sit back and listen with rapt attention to the i ntriguing sounds issuing from the speakers. Pan Sonic's Arvio and Twerk's Inorganic Clarity starts with a what seems like random rattling and whining noises but a rhythmic pattern soon emerges with elegant synth pa ds adding a spatial dimension. Taylor Dupree's track, Clir, sounds like a leaking tap onboard the Starship Enterprise while Kit Clayton's contribution, Marital Problem sounds like the 'Merengue' setting on a Bontempi organ played by your downstairs neig hbour. The audience soon n otice that all the tracks have certain things in common: the music has a tactile quality as though the composers have made a conscious decision to work with texture rather than melody, all the tracks are instrumental, it is quiet music which relies on the inventive juxtaposition of frequencies rather than volume for its impact, none of these tracks will make the Top 40 but will most likely be used as intro music for TV or radio programmes, it is more ambient than techno, and is not the ideal gift for a 13 year-old girl who loves Boyzone ...One wag in the audience suggests that it sounds like Autechre after someone's told them to turn the noise down.  "But what about Brian Eno, sir? "Brian Eno," he will reply coldly, "belonged to the Postanalogue Period." a     