 Transatlantic flight looming on the horizon? Here's your play. Before getting to your departure lounge, stop by a store and purloin yourself a copy of White Line Fever, then having boarded, strap yourself in, order as many as drinks as human consumption will allow before going into coma, read this. I guarantee that anyone who's ever had anything to do with rock, either as a listener, or critic, or whatever, will find this a hugely entertaining read. As the fourth round of drinks begin to kick in, you'll be positively reveling in Lemmy's no-nonsense prose and furious pace. Fans of Proust, for instance, may be disappointed, but then again this is no monumental trawl through the quagmire of childhood, this is Lemmy's life and career congested in one neat little package (about 5 hours worth of quality reading here, speed-readers might want to buy 2 copies). If, by some cruel twist, Lemmy's main choice of stimulant been alcohol rather than speed, this might have been a fatter volume with more insight. At times the surface of events are skipped perhaps a little thinly, some are brushed aside in one sentence. That's about my only reservation.  As you might expect, band members, managers and rock stars are the key players here (parents in the bit at the beginning and groupies in the bit at the end), and amusing anecdotes abound. Understandably, the meat of the book is mostly taken up with the Motrhead years and the reader is bounced crisply through the succession of albums from the debut Motrhead in 1978 when Lemmy's career verticalled, through Ace of Spades, Bomber, No Sleep, and on through the Wurzel, Phil Campbell and Brian Robertson years, complete with stories about the Letterman, Jay Leno appearances and ending up in the not-too-distant past, Lemmy still going strong). Fans of Hawkwind will enjoy stories from that pre-Motrhead period, with drugs being the key players here, and the whole Silver Machine episode, from which Lemmy emerges with flying colors and lead vocal duly etched into rock history. Lemmy's music taste should interest lovers of 50s rock n roll, as Lemmy was very much in the thick of it when rock n roll took off in Britain, Seeing Bill Haley and the Comets live definitely strengthens his credentials. Lemmy's humor really shines through in the deadpan way he describes the most hair-raising situations, and the disarmingly frank way in which he tackles certain issues of sex or gender roles, for example, will be sure to raise a cackle in some communities and venom in others.  As might also be assumed, Lemmy's prose is short and clipped, which doesn't make for marathon reads like Mr. Proust, but Lemmy will see you comfortably through the flight. And with flying now more a painful necessity than a sexy travel experience, you might want to give your copy to the poor sod waiting to board at the other end.      