 Say what you like about Pink Floyd but they weren't exactly a barrel of laughs, were they?  Syd Barrett took the humour with him when he exited in 1967, and in the space of just a year, Pink Floyd turned from a whimsical pop group to the purveyor of torpid excursions in po-faced self-indulgence. This actually works on Meddle, Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here. But with Wall it really gets a bit too much. The themes of alienation, insanity and helplesness casting the hapless listener into a whirlpool of misery and inward suffering. Already by track 2 it's all 1984 with 30s fascist imagery transposed against a modern rock show scenario. And the theme of school being bad is covered more than adequately covered by monster No. 1 hit single, "Another Brick in the Wall", "Happiest Days of our Lives" and tape loops with frenzied teachers screaming and other miscellaneous effects. Subtle it ain't. Intense it is. If you're in the right mood, however, the Wall offers up some great moments, Musically this is a mixed bag, fans of 70s Floyd will not find much here to cheer about. The reason why the Wall has sold so many copies and has become a powerful brand in itself is perhaps that the concept is stronger than the music contained therein. There's the hits, of course. The soaring Comfortably Numb remains a steadfast bliss-out after a pint or two, with David Gilmour's voice complementing the music so well. I quite like the Trial bit at the end which is like a Dickens nightmare resurrected as Gilbert & Sullivan (great orchestration) and was nonplussed to read Bob Ezrin's name as co-composer of said tune. I've always associated Bob Ezrin's name with the group, Kiss. Still, no complaints.  Mother's a potent tune but is smothered by overly lush production and layered stack harmonies. A far cry from Animals. Thankfully we're living in the CD age because the thought of having to get up and flip this chunk of black vinyl over four times is daunting to say the least. To sum up, a great idea with strong sentiments and moment of musical lucidity partially ruined by heavy-handedness and, at times, clumsy and unsubtle imagery.     