 In the spring of 1967 while the Beatles and George Martin were busy with Sgt Pepper in Abbey Road's studio one, the Pink Floyd were working on their debut album Piper at the Gates of Dawn just next door in Studio 3.  Chronologically, then, both these albums can be said to constitute the main thrust of British psychadelia; Sgt. Pepper for its sheer width of vision and artistic ambition, and Piper for highlighting the movement's more overtly hedonistic, extraterrestrial and whimsical nature. Pepper is for the most part rooted in real-life concerns (Shes Leaving Home, Day In A Life, etc.) while Piper... offers a childlike return to storybook innocence albeit one (ahem!) enhanced by the mind-altering qualities of LSD. So here we have songs about interstellar travel, gnomes, cats, scarecrows, gingerbread coookies, bicycles and other storybook items. Does this perhaps offer the key to Syd Barretts troubled psyche? Could these be the songs of a man who simply couldnt face growing up? Don't get me wrong, these songs are great but lets be honest, with words like: "I want to tell you a story/About a little man/If I can/A gnome named Grimble-Gromble/Cause little Gnomes stay in their homes....(from the Gnome) one wonders whether Syd REALLY was the songwriting genius everybody makes out.  For those of you not familiar with early Floyd, Piper is not a typical Pink Floyd album. Here we have 2-minute songs and a band sounding more like the Hollies or Beatles than the avant-garde spacecadets of Ummagumma or Meddle. Piper is also to 80% a Syd Barrett-composed opus, and with Syd well and truly out of the picture by the next album this record automatically falls into a category of its own. In fact, Piper at the Gates of Dawn is better filed next to Sgt. Pepper in your record collection because it offers a vivid sonic impression of a bright but short-lived period in English musical history. 1967. A time of unparalleled optimism. Two years later, of course, it was all over - Pink Floyd were recording titles like Careful With That Axe Eugene, the entire US rock elite were dead, Led Zeppelin were planning world domination and four lads from Aston near Birmingham were about to invent death metal. Remember that the next time you watch the Osbournes. ??7     