 Going for the One represents a peak in Yes's impressive career. After the poorly received excursions of Tales of Topographic Oceans (1973) and the angular, frenetic Relayer (1974), Yes needed to regain the foothold they enjoyed during the halcyon Fragile/Close to the Edge days five years previousl. 1977 was a difficult year for Prog Rock artists; Punk and New Wave had just burst the music scene wide open and the whole rock genre seemed about to implode. Yes responded by creating an album that marked a stunning return to form. With Rick Wakeman back in the fold, Yes took flight on a new burst of energy, presenting a solid, filler-free collection of songs.  The title track starts with an incongruous sounding rockabilly guitar riff, but settles down into a superbly crafted up-tempo rocker, with soaring cadences and a wealth of surprising melodic twists and turns, not to mention Steve Howe going absolutely ballistic on slide guitar. In contrast, Turn of the Century is a gentle acoustic interlude, with Yes unveiling a lush, crystal clear and balanced sound (courtesy of Montreux's state-of-the-art Mountain Studios).  Parallels opens with a mighty burst of church organ before launching into a slice of heaven in prog-rock format and possibly the best track the band ever committed to tape.  If you only ever hear one Yes song, make it this one. After this comes the hit single Wondrous Stories which showcases a side of Yes that even your kid sister would like. If you like Wondrous Stories you should check out the Jon Anderson/Vangelis collaboration, Short Stories. The final track Awaken is an astoundingly ambitious work - more of a suite actually - that seems to encapsulate all Yes's best elements and, more importantly, showed just how proficient Yes had become as songwriters. Awaken would become a live favourite and also ranks as one of Yes's best tunes bar none.  In my opinion Going for the One is indispensable for two reasons: the songwriting is inspirational and the sound manages to strike just the right balance between classic English progressive rock and a more FM-friendly template (later adopted more fully with the arrival of Trevor Rabin). I strongly recommend you buying Going for the One (and 1972's Close to the Edge), and now that it's been remastered AND you've got a whole bunch of extra tracks (good ones) thrown in for good measure, sounds like a sweet deal to me.       