 I own all of the Nancy Drew PC games and even though I'm an adult, I have a great time playing them (I pass them down to my nieces afterwards -- it helps having played the game for when they call and need help!). Secrets Can Kill is the first in the series and the only one that has an actual murder in it (the others focus on items being stolen, treasures hidden, "ghosts", and so on). "Secrets" is the weakest of the series but that's to be expected since it was the first and Her Interactive has made many improvements with each game. The game is point-and-click and the cursors change color and look when there's something of interest. Navigation is pretty easy, the graphics are rich and colorful, and some of the puzzles can be very challenging. In the earliest games you could choose between Master, Senior and Junior Detective but later games just offer Junior and Senior. Junior Detective mode gives Nancy a little book where she keeps track of what to do next, so kids can refer to it and not get too lost. The games became more educational with the titles of Dolphin Cove (you learn about dolphins, whales, nautical terms and flags, etc.) and Secret of the Scarlet Hand (all about the Mayan culture with settings in a museum). Some titles are just spooky fun like Haunted Mansion, Blackmoor Manor, Treasure in the Royal Tower and so on. The voice work on these games is good, but sometimes you can tell the actor is faking an accent. There's not a lot of animation, and the suspects usually stay in one spot so you know where to find them when you need them. I would recommend these games for preteens and up because some of the effects could scare a small child (in a couple of the games there is an explosion effect when you choose the wrong thing -- luckily there is always the "Second Chance" button, but the suddeness of the bang could make you jump if you don't know it's coming.) Overall, this series just keeps improving. I'm looking forward to the next one which will see Nancy in Paris, France.     