 I saw this film many years ago and I enjoyed it because I was a teenager and liked Balthazar Getty. Typical, eh? I was prompted to read the novel, and found the story good but ultimately frightening, especially Simon talking with "the Lord of the Flies." I thought it was very weird that this was not in the film since I saw it as the most important part of the story. Balthazar Getty is so-so (this was his first film, I think) in his performance as Ralph, but the other actors (mostly unknowns who never appeared in any other films, with good reason) fell way short. I was however, still affected by some scenes after viewing the film on Bravo a few weeks ago. It had been years since I'd seen it, and nice to view it with a different perspective. I advise "baltysgirl" below to do the same. I understand the enthusiasm for the film, but this whole story is based on something far more profound than a guy's "pretty face." If you defend its flaws and excessive foul language etc. with that much gusto and also claim to be "balty's girl", it leads others to suspect you've missed the point. Be honest with yourself. If Balty wasn't in it, would you adore it that much? The best actor in the film I think was Badge Dale as Simon, but I am partial to the Simon character so I could be biased. I thought Chris Furrh (who was, strangely enough in a TV movie made just after this one called "Exile" -- about a group of young people stranded on a deserted island who eventually become savages complete with warpaint and spears) overacted his way through LOTF and seemed more annoying than evil.  Piggy (Daniel somebody) was annoying as well. I agree with the other reviewer who said Piggy was too blubbery and all. I just didn't really feel like the actor believed HE was on this island with this action happening. He didn't seem genuine enough in his performance. When movies are made from books we know they won't be perfectly accurate, but to take out or change the parts of the story that make it a good story is just ridiculous, and that is what happened here. We lost the entire social commentary, we lost the depth of thought, and we lost the chance to look closer and walk away with something substantial.  All we got was a couple of hours of nice scenery, pleasant music, and a bit of action. I must add that the last sequence was very well played out and Getty finally pulled out the talent we should have seen throughout the film.     