 The Secret Garden is one of my very much beloved books, a testament to a more innocent time, a story of life, healing, forgiveness and the triumph over evil, depression and grief. The characters are described so well, you feel you know them inside and out when you're finished reading the book.  I wonder if Susan Moody ever read The Secret Garden, because she has these characters doing things I just can't even imagine them doing. The motivations are all contrived to suit the author's insistence on tawdriness. She seems to crank open your brain and pour into it all the vile things promoted in the past few decades: adultery, death in graphic description, angst, disrespect, lust, selfishness, and sickness. The opposite of what the Secret Garden is about. The writing is fine, the mechanics are there, but the characters are not Mary, Dickon, and Colin. I can't see Colin calling out Dickon's name while he's in an intimate situation with Mary. I also had a hard time believing Colin was gay or bisexual. I also had a hard time believing Mary just fell into bed with Dickon with no commentary on how she professed her feelings for him or vice versa. I don't understand Dickon patronizing prostitutes, or having an affair with Mary while she is married to someone else. I don't see Mary jumping into marriage with a guy she hardly knows, when we ALL KNOW her heart is really with Dickon.  These characters were shameful. They seemed driven by evil itself, driven to destroy all the nurturing and life giving health the Secret Garden developed in them in the first book.  Too much time was spent describing Dickon's war experiences. I don't need to know that much about wounds, blood and maggots, thank you. Of course he was given Post Traumatic Stress disorder, because I believe the author couldn't think of anything else to flesh out his character with. Perhaps consulting the original book would give Ms. Moody a clue on how Dickon would have acted and spoken (anyone else notice his entire dialect was erased? Was it too much to ask that Moody preserve one of those charming things about this boy? I know it's a lot of research, but she could have gone the distance and at least shown us that she cared enough to try!) I bought this book hoping for a continuation of the characters I truly loved from the original book, but what I witnessed here was their systematic pop-culture slaughter. If I may quote a line from Red Dwarf which sums up this book, "You have no magnificence in your soul." Surely Ms. Moody has no magnificence in her soul; if she did, she would have held tightly to the innocence of these characters. Their friendship was true and not an excuse to make them use each other for sexual gratification.  This could have been a beautiful story about real love and friendship and bonds that we form in life. Instead, the characters were forced to turn away from the peace they'd achieved in the original story.  They can grow up and learn about the horrors of life without contributing to them. This is bad finfic and should have only been published someonwhere in the dark recesses of the internet. I can't believe a publisher paid for this. I can't believe I did, either.     