 I've read every book in this series so far and I was dismally disappointed with The Penultimate Peril. The story started out promising with the orphans finally meeting Kit Snicket, but it's all Very Fast Downhill from there. The Baudelaires are assigned jobs as concierges/flaneurs at the Hotel Denoument which is serving as a meeting place for Villains and Volunteers. Violet, Klaus and Sunny are "reunited" with an amazing cast of characters from the previous books (Esme, Jerome, Mr. Remora, Justice Strauss, Mr. Poe, Carmelita Spats, Count Olaf of course, and so on) and we meet a few new characters, but nothing really *happens* in this book.   Three chapters relay almost the same information (sometimes word-for-word) as they describe the same block of time from different character viewpoints. One chapter is labelled, "Not a Chapter" and another is "Also Not a Chapter." These little embellishments are well loved and expected in this series, but Snicket really lays the repetition on too thickly here. Halfway through the novel, I was still waiting for it to begin. It felt like I spent 7 chapters reading about how Frank might be Ernest or maybe Ernest was Frank.   I wanted more of the Quagmires and more about Sunny's chef abilities (boy she can really talk a lot now, huh?) and Violet's clever inventions. I also would have less Esme and MORE Olaf! He gets many of the funniest lines in the books, and at least I wasn't disappointed when the trial came about and Olaf had to defend himself.   As others have mentioned, we learn nothing in this tome about VFD or the Snickets. Everyone's still looking for the sugar bowl but we still don't know why. There's a lot of set up for the final book in the series, as the Baudelaires muse on what might have been, what will be, what they've become, if they'll ever see their friends again, and what tomorrow will bring. But thinking about things happening doesn't equal action and it doesn't drive the plot. This book is a Vexing Fruitless Disappointmnet.     