 I don't even know where to begin about the butchering of Alexandra Ripley's amazing sequel to GWTW.  After reading the book, I was thoroughly horrified by the deviations from the book that the directors took.  Why  bother to say the movie was based on the book when in reality it wasn't?   Apparently the directors did not read GWTW either; as IF Scarlett would  ever forgive Suellen or come to like her!  This is a movie that would have  been better left un-made rather than expose the rest of us to such a shoddy  representation of a masterpiece.  No one could possibly ever follow up the  acting of Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable because they have burned permanent  pictures of what "Scarlett and Rhett" should look and act like  into our minds.  Scarlett in the new movie didn't even have green eyes, for  God's sake; in both books, her eyes were discussed at length and their  significance was noteworthy.   I have never been more disappointed in a  movie based on a book (except for "A Civil Action," but that's  another story).  It's movies like this that ruin people's opinions of a  book, leading them to never read that book at all.  I think the majority of  people who actually liked this hideous version of Ripley's sequel have  never read GWTW or Scarlett, and have only seen the movies.  Both GWTW and  Scarlett are meant to be READ anyway; the depth of the characters can never  be conveyed onto a big screen with such a short amount of time!  The  history behind their families - Scarlett's mother and father and their  intricate lives that explain how Scarlett came to be who she was,  Scarlett's cousins and the Irish uprising, etc. - are lost in the  translation to the big screen.  At least, however, in GWTW the directors  stayed basically true to the story and left viewers with an accurate  portrayal of the book. If I were Alexandra Ripley, I would change my name  and live incognito the rest of my life, rather than face the shame of what  those directors and actors did to my fantastic story and meticulous  research.   Trust me - if you are a true GWTW fan, just read  "Scarlett."  Don't even bother with this movie or you will fume  just like I am doing!  If you are the type of person who enjoys  soap-operatic displays that are totally unrealistic, and you have never  read either book, then you might enjoy this movie because you won't have  the initial bias.  But please rest assured that this movie is nothing like  the book and is indeed a very poor imitation/reflection upon it.     