 This may be somewhat of an unpopular opinion, but I encourage you to read it all the way through before "bashing" me for only giving it three stars when it averages a "5." Ok, so what plot does this sound like?  5 travellers (3 male, one female, one animal) set off to the middle of a fantasy land, seeking its mysterious ruler who has never been seen?  Nope, forget Dorothy and the Tin Man.  What Julie Andrews has basically done with this story is copy the Wizard of Oz in a far less original manner. There are weird, freaky characters with bizarre, over-the-top names.  There are dangers along the way, with someone (in this case the Prock) determined to stop them from reaching the castle (Wicked Witch, anyone?).   And the book is quite predictable.  We all knew full well that they would all find the Whangdoodle in the end, because gosh darnit, this was such a pure and sweet story that its readers just can't handle a sad ending.  We all knew that the High-Behind cat that visited Lindy was up to no good.  I am normally terrible at predicting what can happen in books, and yet this novel, which encourages readers to "use their imaginations" left little to it as far as the plot. Another thing that annoyed me was the obvious "morals lessons" that were prevelent throughout the story.  Other children's books, such as Harry Potter, slyly weave morality throughout without force-feeding it to kids.  No kid wants to hear the Professor give a speech about how, "Sometimes our greed gets the best of us and we do things that aren't always right."  It was also full of 50's-style "father knows best" mentality (whether when the kids were all gathered around in the family room with mom and dad, looking up words in the dictionary, or when the professor insisted that they always do what he said without questioning).  Granted, this book was published almost 30 years ago, but good grief. I would have also liked the book better if the three children weren't such boring, predictable little puppets.  Get some spirit already, and stop being such goody-goodys!! Mrs. Andrews did do a good job of not "over-describing" the characters in order that readers might come up with their own mental descriptions.  As much as I have pointed out the shortcomings in this book, it is still a quick, fairly interesting read.  Just don't expect spectacular originality or plot twists.     