 I was watching a special last night about "Albert Einstein" on TV...  It talked about the unstopable exponential power of the Atom Bomb... Well ladies, make no mistake about it -- Great Fellatio can be the Atom Bomb in your sexual arsenal...  It kept me going back to girls who were Bad for me... girls who were quite  literally INSANE... Chicks who were not even hot!  It almost got me married... TWICE!  This is what men REALLY want -- they may not admit -- not even to themselves...  But if you are AMAZING at this loving art...  If you enjoy it and are great at it...  There is no man who can refuse your charms entirely...  And most will be your devoted servant.  It is my professional opinion as a sex educator that most people are not just BORN giving great head -- like most things, this is an acquired skill...   And unfortunately, most women do not really persue a serious course of study or practice that this avocation of amorousness deserves.  Don't think that just because a guy tells you you're good at it, that you are --  a lot of guys are too shy to tell you what they really want --  or they don't even know what they really want, because they are to embarrassed to get you to go after their fantasy fellatio,  like they saw some girl do in a porn movie.  But that doesn't mean that YOU shouldn't take it upon yourself to master the skill.   That doesn't mean that YOU shouldn't become passionate about expanding  the potentials of your own sexual powers...  Luckily for me, my wife is a great student of the sexual arts...  That I am a great teacher of the sexual arts... That I have taken it upon myself to pursue the subject of sexual pleasure,  sexual mastery, and sexual potentials into my personal life and my career, and that I overcame my shyness (yes, for a long time, even I was shy about  divulging what I wanted and what really turned me on sexually,)  and was able to teach her to please me with her lips, tongue, and throat,  and that she continues to give me whatever I want in this arena  (and every other...)  and that she is the ultimate master of this skill... Satisfying me EVERY TIME... And any time I want.  Aside from being smart, sexy, successful, and stunning, she also has learned how to give me the best bj of anyone I've ever known --  BY FAR and BAR NONE...  Coincidence?  Like I said, I'm a lucky guy.  Bottom line:  get this book and every other book on the subject,  learn about the real potentials for fellatio, including DT (especially DT),  the importance of sloppiness, the importance of enjoying it,  the importance of swallowing, the importance of doing it often  (there's no such thing as TOO often,)  the importance of doing it whenever he wants it, and however he wants it  -- and watch lots of  videos featuring women who are good at it.    For anyone who wants to be appreciated as a man's great lover,  invest your money and time in the acquisition of this vital skill.   You will surely be well rewarded.    It may get you the man of your dreams!  It will even keep him faithful to you --  because if you're the best BY FAR... It will be pointless for him to stray.  The man of your dreams, totally loyal and devoted to you... Is that worth the cost of a few paperback books?     