 Former Senator McGovern has written an accessible and down to earth book offering an alternative vision to the country. In his sincere and commonsense approach he states the factors he feels are most important to our national security; well educated children, healthy citizens, productive family farms and ranches, clean environment, and an open and honest political process that works in collaboration with its citizens and the governments of other countries.  He does this in a gentlemanly manner always focusing on the issues while remaining respectful of former colleagues whom he disagrees on policy with. I found this very refreshing and a wonderful respite from the hatefilled diatrabes of pundits on FOX and other media news channels.  He also argues that the preemptive and illegal war with Iraq has not made our citizens safer and is against everything America is supposed to stand for. For far less than what has been spent on this war we could have made our citizens safer by putting money into our police and fire departments and strengthening security in other areas. We now have a federal deficit over $8,000,000,000,000 and growing rapidly. To combat this we are cutting social programs at home, many that invest in the education and future of our youth and the health of our citizens. The book points out that after the end of the cold war the industrial-military complex which had grown so huge was facing having to downscale. The government had the opportunity to use money that went into defense normally in other areas in the form of a "peace dividend". Now a perpetual "war on terror" assures the industrial-military complex they are in the green forever and that we can invade wherever they have an interest (legitimate or not) in the name of combating "terror." How convenient, not my idea of how my country should operate though. What has all this accomplished? None of it has made us safer and has eroded world opinion and trust. Gee, I wonder who is benefiting from all this? I doubt the answer to this question is the average citizen.  Unfortunately, even if someone like former Senator McGovern were elected President it will be difficult now to do anything but try to dig us out of over $8 trillion in debt. Still we need a major change and much more honesty in our government. It makes me feel ill when I hear politicians invoke God's name constantly and pray in public meetings then refer to dead civilians as numbers they aren't interested in, endorse torture, and get caught in lie after lie. I personally am praying for a huge housecleaning in the next election.  Prophetic Quote? "Of all the enemies to public liberty, war is, perhaps, the most to be dreaded because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes. And armies, and debts, and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few. "In war, too, the discretionary power of the Executive is extended. Its influence in dealing out offices, honors, and emoluments is multiplied; and all the means of seducing the minds, are added to those of subduing the force of the people. "The same malignant aspect in republicanism may be traced in the inequality of fortunes, and the opportunities of fraud, growing out of a state of war... and in the degeneracy of manners and morals, engendered by both. No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare."  -	James Madison, April 20, 1795  	     