 Update 1/29/06- Those who might be interested in hearing from veterans who have similar accounts of war should check out the Keynote speech of returning veteran Aidan Delgado. I saw this recently on tv, of course not a mainstream media news program but on fstv. If you visit their webpage I think they will be replaying it periodically and you can find an airtime for it. You might also be interested in checking out the "Iraq War Veterans Against the War" webpage. Of course many war supporters are saying that Aidan Delgado is a liar and the veterans against the war are just attention seekers but I suggest hearing as much information as possible before making up your mind. I loved how the neocons tried to fabricate a story regarding Jessica Lynch and she refused to collaborate! That makes her a real hero in my book.  Original review:  I usually only bother to write reviews on products I purchase here on Amazon but this book really affected me, so I am writing this review although I didn't purchase this book. I was on a trip abroad and ran out of reading material. There were no places around to buy books written in English, if there had been this wouldn't have been the book I picked. I met an Englishman there though, who had gone through his reading material as well, and he proposed that we swap books. Jarhead is definitely not enjoyable reading. It is compelling though. Mr. Swofford is unflinching and merciless in his self-examination. His account of his and his fellow marines' actions in the Gulf war chilled me. The hardest part was knowing that these were ordinary people, just regular young men thrust into incredibly stressful, lonely, and difficult situations in a hostile and alien environment. Their reactions then are probably the same as most other young men's placed in similar situations. The book became for me an indictment against the price the human spirit pays for the cost of war. It also left me concerned about the fact that we as a country are represented by these stressed out, frightened, and often emotionally immature soldiers when we send them into a conflict. The book also raised deep questions for me about when, if ever, war is justified. I am glad that this book, which I wouldn't have selected for myself, came into my hands because it has made me think about things that I didn't think about before. Some people have critized the book because of the author's writing style and prose but to me the value of the book is the author sharing his experience with us, not the manner in which he shares it. So I am giving the book 4 stars because of Mr. Swofford's courage in sharing his experiences and because of the value I think people sharing their experiences has in society. Of course, you need to read other's viewpoints as well to have a broad and unbiased view. I recommend this book because of its' relevance in these times when our troops are now fighting in Iraq and because I think we all need to think deeply about what we believe are moral and just responses to the world's problems. I highly recommend it to anyone who, like me before, considers the war as something that is occurring only on the distant periphery of their lives.      