 We are always on the lookout for fun strategy games for two players. Sometimes chess is just a little more thinking than we feel like doing and we find that some other strategy games, like Risk, just aren't as much fun with only two players. Enter Stratego, not as lengthy and mentally draining as chess can be and made for two players. The game does involve some strategy and we have alot of fun trying to outwit and outguess each others manuevers. I also love it because sometimes I can actually win unlike chess!      The Lord of the Rings version is a great idea. There are three variations of play. First, normal play as in classic Stratego where pieces move traditionally and object is to capture opponent's flag, using more recent rules where 10 is highest ranked piece though. Second, special powers game where some of the characters like Legolas, Gimli, Sauron, etc. have special movement abilities or powers bestowed on them. Third, special mission which plays like special powers but with the added element that Frodo has to reach Mount Doom and destroy the ring with dire consequences for the white team if he is captured or for the dark team if he succeeds. If you have multiple players you can also form two teams to play.     As for durability, I rated it at four stars. The board and plastic castle pieces seem very sturdy and should last forever. The storage platform for the playing pieces was flimsy cardboard though and the sides were slit so it falls over scattering the pieces. We taped the sides and that solved the problem but you don't really need to use the storage platform for the game pieces at all. You could just keep the pieces loose in the game box or put them in plastic bags. Also, be aware that there are forty pieces per player and they come blank with a sheet of stickers to apply to each, so you will need to stick 80 stickers total on the pieces for the initial set up.      One final tip! If your opponent is like mine and does victory laps around the living room with his arms in the air screaming the lyrics of Queen's We Are the Champions anytime he wins ANYTHING, you know he has to be taken down. I recommend Ed's Stratego site on the web as a good place to pick up strategy tips from some serious and experienced Stratego players for this. Please note though that they are following the older versions where 1 is the highest ranked piece, so adjust accordingly. Have fun!!     