 I use this camera backpack to transport my Canon EOS 20D when I fly or go hiking. The bottom section carries my camera and four lenses or three lenses and the speedlight 420EX flash. The compartments are deep enough to accomodate a 75-300mm zoom lens. I usually load my camera with no lens attached into the bag face up and in my bag there is still plenty of room for four lenses in the four compartments surrounding the middle compartment. I have flown a few times and the camera bag has been treated less than as gently as I would prefer by security tossing it back in the pick up bin after inspecting it and by fellow travelers trying to make room in the overhead compartment for their belongings. So far the bag has protected my equipment well from any damage. When I have wanted to carry more at times I have transported the camera with a lens on it stored face up with lens pointing to top of bag and I had room in the four surrounding compartments for lenses or other accessories. I definetly would not recommend doing this when flying though and I have to admit that when it comes to luggage I am one to cram as much as I can into any given space. Others may not feel comfortable with such an approach with their equipment. I have had the bag a year though and thus far the bag has accomodated my cramming magnificently and my equipment has been fine.   Another thing I like about the bag is its overall design in terms of storage capacity and function. I have been able to carry lunch with a bottle of water and maps or guide books in the top portion. Prospective buyers should know though that the top storage space is not huge. Think those insulated nylon lunch totes rather than typical backpack in terms of available space. There are also side zipper pockets on the top that in my setup accomodate two spare batteries on one side and a battery recharger on the other. The interior main compartment has some smaller zippered pockets and a netted pouch. In mine I store lens cleaning supplies in the netted pouch and filters in the top gray zippered pocket. Also, this bag has been very comfortable to hike with as the straps are padded and its size is just right for me but I'm 5'6'', my husband who is 6'1'' says he wishes it were a tad bigger. The design of the bag is also tasteful and not attention grabbing which is a consideration when traveling. I also like the mp3 player/media port in the top of the bag when I'm flying.     