 EDIT 2/01/06: If you are serious about understanding the difference between conservatives and liberals and why they approach things so differently then I highly recommend "Moral Politics: How Liberals and Conservatives Think" by George Lakoff. I saw him speaking about the book at USCSB and it was very enlightening. I've been increasingly alarmed by what to me seem like glaring moral hypocrisies of the conservative party and wondered how anyone could think their policies are good over the long term for our country. Mr. Lakoff really helped me to see that conservatives are moral and their motivations are the same as progressives, to make America better. What we differ on is approaches. Both can benefit from the other and I think understanding that is the way out of this mess. By the way, while some liberals may be communists or lean more to those philosophies, by far the vast majority of liberals are not. Just like I hope most conservatives would not consider themselves rabid fundamentalists.  Original Review: Wow! I hope mainstream people will wake up soon and realize that the radical christian right are the equivalent of radical Islam and the Taliban right here in the United States. Under them personal freedoms will be greatly restricted, women's rights eroded, and our children indoctrinated rather than educated. Gosh, that sort of sounds communistic to me. If you ask me the real unholy alliance is that between radical right christians and radical right wing politicians. Liberals are imperfect human beings of course but they are trying to make the world better for everyone, not just those who subscribe to their world view. This is the only true way forward for mankind. Hate, prejudice, violence will never be the solution. Liberals surely don't have all the answers, its a complicated and problem fraught world out there. But I would place my faith with them over the hate spewers who want to impose thier beliefs on everyone else and divide people rather than build consensus. Its time to wake up america.      