 I would rate this movie 3.5 stars if half stars were an option. Most of the reviews have this movie rated at 5 stars so I know that puts me at odds with a majority here. I thought this was a captivating story, with gorgeous scenery shots, and marvelous casting. So why only 3.5 stars? I'm not sure if it was editing or directing but I found that the pacing and some of the shots were distracting to the point where I couldn't really become absorbed in the story or characters. A couple of the shots of Rachel Weiz staring wide eyed into the camera lasted long enough that for me it went by the effect I think the director intended. I thought even she started to look uncomfortable. The movie is slow paced through many portions, with beautiful and deliberate wide shots of people walking across fields with the ocean in the background or horse drawn carriages traveling down rustic roads. Don't get me wrong, I loved those shots. Its just that pivotal moments in the plot, such as when Amy's mother confesses who her father really is or when her things in the cave are burned, feel really rushed by comparison. These things were so briefly treated that they didn't impact me as much as they should have or give me much feeling for how they would impact the characters. Then there was the love scene in the ocean water. I grew up on an island in the Atlantic ocean at around the same latitude. After five minutes in the water even in summer your body would feel numb and your teeth would be chattering. Okay, maybe the water might be warmer there and they are in a grotto with a fire. I still think it was cold and even if not that dress she had on would weigh about 50 lbs when wet and the saltwater would be so sticky. Finally, in the last moments of the movie I really thought the next development in the Yanko/Amy saga would be their toddler aged son plunging to his death after playing unattended on the cliffs. These are my criticisms but I still think this movie is worth a watch, especially if you love the ocean. Even with the fine casting and performances of Kathy Bates and Ian McKellen the ocean is the biggest star of the film.     