 This is easily the best of all the Grateful Dead DVDs currently available. Why? Because it's easily the best of the shows. I've been a collector of Dead bootlegs for some time, I have quite an extensive collection of CDRs, and I've always felt that this New Years show was underrated. It has a ripping version of "Cold Rain & Snow" early on. My all-time favorite "Terrapin Station" appears in Set II. In fact, I've often said that the first set of this show is my favorite first set ever. There's something about how all the songs hang together, about the groove and the energy: it glitters. The DVD itself, however, it exactly like the others, and suffers from exactly the same problems. The cheesy "tripped-out effects" are just annoying. When they cut away to some picture of the cosmos during the peak of "Terrapin Station" I wanted to throttle my television. I didn't buy this DVD to just _listen_ to the music--I've already heard this show dozens and dozens of times--I bought the DVD to _see_ the songs played. I'd much prefer it if they excised all the effects and "mood shots" and stuck to showing us the Dead playing their songs. Of course, one could make the argument that watching the Dead play--actually watching the individuals--isn't the most exciting thing you'll ever see, but that's what I'm looking for in a DVD of a Dead show. So don't expect an amazing DVD. But do expect to have a really good time watching and listening! These DVDs--especially this New Years one--would be a real treat for any Dead fan. This one has some funny bits between the sets: question-and-answer with the band, where someone went out into the crowd with a camera and had the fans ask questions that were brought back to the Dead to answer; "Cooking With Jerry" is hilarious; and there's a strange but amusing interlude where Jerry's dressed up as Santa and Mickey's dressed up as Spock, reading Jerry's mind in a mind-meld type thing. ("Lists, checking twice... cigarette butts... elves in tie-dies... drums solo almost over...") The Amazon.com review is misleading, as I'm sure others have pointed out: "Dark Star" was _not_ played at this show, and so for obvious reasons it's not on this DVD. (In fact, the Dead hadn't played Dark Star for three years before this show, and wouldn't play it again for another two years after, at the second of the famous "Formerly the Warlocks" shows in '89.) And the whole thing about New Years Eve being an especially sad night for Deadheads isn't true either, since the Dead stopped playing New Years shows after Bill Graham died, about four years before Jerry's death. So even were the Dead still around, we can assume they wouldn't be playing New Years shows. But whatever. Finally, this DVD doesn't contain the entire show. For some reason I can't fathom, they cut "Promised Land" (which was the second song), and for reasons I can easily understand, they cut the entire third set. They did, however, include the very rousing encore "Knockin' On Heaven's Door."     