 Simply put, William Roughead was and is the greatest true crime writer of them all. Combining unusually supple storytelling talents with an  inimitable, pawky sense of humor, he remains the best prose stylist  chronicling human depravity since, well, the compilers of the King James  Bible. A Scot by birth, Roughead became a Writer to the Signet at the turn  of the last century, a privileged position which allowed him to attend and  write up the great murder trials of his day and his favorites from Great  Britain's colorfully criminous past. Almost all of his works are shamefully  out of print but are well worth searching out in used book stores: both his  own popular accounts and his contributions to the more formally edited  "Notable British Trials" series. Henry James was one of his many  besotted fans, and even the briefest sample of his work makes it obvious  why true crime buffs consider him the Master. "Classic Crimes"  (which includes chapters on Deacon Brodie, Burke and Hare, Madeleine Smith,  Dr. Pritchard and other irresistible villains) is the best collection of  his work, and I would be remiss if I did not own that my introduction to  his peerless work came via Toni Morrison, who confessed her own idolatrous  admiration in the New York Times Book Review some two decades ago. If you  like Roughead, you'll never be able to get enough. As Luc Sante writers in  his perceptive introduction to this latest reprint, Roughead repeatedly  creates narratives which contain "in full that collision of placid,  well-furnished pedantry with savage howling atavism" that was the  keynote of his fascination with evil--and Roughead did believe in  evil--people.  More of his genius is avalable on display in "Twelve  Scots Trials," available from Amazon. co.uk.  As Roughead so  eloquently put it: "Murder has a magic of its own, its peculair  alchemy. Touched by that crimson wand, things base and sordid, things ugly  and of ill report, are transformed into matters wondrous, weird and  tragical. Dull streets become fraught with mystery, commonplace dwellings  assume sinister aspects, everyone concerned, howsoever plain and ordinary,  is invested with a new value and importance as the red light fall upon  each."     