 I taped this movie from the Disney Channel, but my sister taped over my copy of it. This isn't the greatest MLP cartoon in the bunch (my favorites are "Midnight Castle" and "Escape from Catrina"), but this one still had it's moments. The Witches from the Volcano of Gloom create the Smooze to destroy the Little Ponies and their spring festival, so they have to go get the Rainbow of Light, but it ends up buried in the Smooze, and they have to go find the Flutter Ponies. Also, some of the other ponies search for Baby Lickety Split who has run away, with Spike the Dragon. PROS: The music and the songs are really good, I think. One of the best song numbers is "I'll Do the Dirty Work" sung by Reeka and Draggle. Every time I see this routine, I crack up, along with "Nothing Can Stop the Smooze" with the Smooze doing a little 1950's doo wop riff while the witches are singing. Another great song was "There's Always Another Rainbow." Not funny like the other two I mentioned, but still a great song. The Moochick and his rabbit cracked me up. I love Tony Randall's voice of the Moochick better than whoever did him in the MLP TV series. It just seems funnier to me. Any scene with the Grundles, especially when the Grundle King mentions Grundleland. Keep your eyes open during any scene with Reeka and Draggle. You'll find little surprises along the way. CONS (reasons why I give this a 4 rather than a 5): A lot of the scene changes were a bit choppy and seemed to come so fast. The paint job on this seemed a bit washed out. Baby Lickety Split was a brat, and I didn't like Gusty's personality all that much, even BEFORE she got Smoozed. I didn't particularly care for Buttons's, Lofty's, Baby Lickety Split's, or Sundance's voices. Having seen the MLP TV series before this movie, I think that explains it. The end of the "I'll Go it Alone" song, because the animation was a little odd there. In some scenes, there are ponies that aren't supposed to be there, and they mysteriously disappear later. Something comman in the TV series, too. But other than the cons, this is a great movie. It's really very cute! You will not regret it if you buy it.     