 I recently watched Stephen King's Rose Red on DVD. Unfortunately, I had missed the mini-series when came on ABC, so I ended up getting the DVD from a friend to watch, who never came to reclaim the DVD. I watched the interview that was on the DVD and found out that Rose Red was indeed a real house. Then, there was mention of Ellen Rimbauer's, the mistress of Rose Red, diary being found. It was edited and being sold. I liked the movie very much, and I was anxious to read the journal. Ellen Rimbauer was the wife of a unfaithful older man named John (I think his name was) Rimbauer. He's built an extravagant house that seems to have taken on a mind of its own. Though, no one wants to believe that. The house seems to hate men, which is evident through their mysterious, violent deaths, and wants to harbor the women forever (evident through the disappearances of the women rather than their deaths). The house was built on an old Native American burial ground, but there's something more there. Ellen feels that this is her doing in some way. She has often prayed that bad things would happen to his husband due to his raging libido, and now, she feels that she's created a monster that needs the blood of men to keep growing. Rooms appear and disappear. Stairs and hallways appear where there were prviously none. The house is a living thing, and it's vengeful.  All I have to say about this book is that it's a beautiful lie. I'll admit when I heard about the diary on the DVD I thought it would be genuine, but when I read it, I realized it was all just a farce. While I thought the "diary" was interesting, I never once believed that it was real. There's just a feel of realism that you get from diaries, and I never got that from this book. I also don't believe that Stephen King wrote it. It was too poetically verbose to really be his writing. Stephen King has a distinctive way of writing, and this is not it.  This is definitely an interesting read. I enjoyed reading about the trials of Ellen and her handmaid (and best friend) Sukeena, an African medicine woman. It was nice to see Ellen go from being a naive "child" to a strong woman. But please, don't go into this book a.) believing it's real and/or b.)believing this is King's work.     