 Why do people feel the need to compare this book to Harry Potter. Yes, they both have a magical world that exists beneath our own, but that is where the similarities end. If you're reading this series because you think it'll fill some void that Harry Potter has left, then, this is not for you. You're better off rereading Harry Potter. If you're looking for a fast, light-hearted read, then you'll probably enjoy Artemis Fowl.  Artemis Fowl is the story of Artemis Fowl the Second and his quest to regain his family's fortune by blackmailing the fairies (basically). Artemis is a 12-year-old genius who descends from a long time of treacherous men. His mother is in a state of dementia, and his father is missing. Although Artemis isn't poor by anyone's standards, he wants to build up his family's once monstrous fortune.  I'll admit I didn't like Artemis very much in the beginning of the book. Arrogant and uncouth are along the lines I was thinking of, but as the story progressed, I did take a liking to the child genius. Eoin Colfer has successfully made a character that's both the villain and the hero - especially considering that most young adult fiction tends to be horribly clichd with the basic good vs. evil concept. Here, you'll find yourself thinking that Artemis is quite the villain, but at the same time, he is a child and certain things will conjure up a pathos feeling toward him. He's really not as heartless as he is first made out to be. Then, there's the matter of the fairies. They're very much human in many aspects. They're more advanced than the "Mud People", but they hold certain ill sentiments toward the humans who they feel are a threat to world. Many of the fairies ideology about humans is amusing. They see humans are barbarians for using the bathroom IN their homes! (Can you imagine?) Their ideas about comes off with the staunch judgment that's present even in our own world, but they show the human world through new eyes, which is very entertaining. I also think that younger readers (which it is geared toward) will appreciate the mature tone that the books take. In a time where young adult books insult our children's intelligence, this is a breath of air. It's a young adult book that actually reads like it's for young adults - go figure! The only thing that really annoyed me about this book was the way the author would suddenly feel the need to take time out to "explain" the matter of things. The author would suddenly break in the story and say something like, "We should take this time out to talk about the Fowls..." The viewpoint would change and the omnipresent 3rd person tone would suddenly turn to omnipresent 1st person, and then back again. This disrupted my reading pattern, and I felt this could be better tied in with the story. It didn't happen often, though. Thank Goodness. I realize that this was supposed to be written as a medical journal "documentation", but it was still quite annoying A good read. I wish I could give it 4 stars. If it hadn't been for those quirky sections that disrupted my reading, I would have given it five stars. I'm glad that I finally took the time out to read it, and I'll definitely look into reading more of this series.     