 Frances Benedetto has just escaped from a brutal marriage. She didn't escape for herself but for her 10-year-old son Robert Benedetto. She was once a life-loving nursing student, but once she married Bobby Benedetto, her world changed for the worse. She feared leaving because of the sense of "normalcy" that home meant, but she fears more for her son who seems to be bearing a great burden for his age.  So, she runs with the help of an organization run by a woman named Patty Bancroft's, who can make women "disappear" in the great expanse we know as America. Fran Benedetto becomes Elizabeth Crenshaw, recently divorced mother of Robert Crenshaw, but she knows that Bobby will find her. It's only a matter of time.  When I started reading this book, I realized that the plot sounded similiar, and I was suddenly able to conjure up faces to go with the names. Then, I realized that I had seen this movie on Lifetime, but I hadn't correlated movie to book. I'm glad that I had a chance to experience the book. By reading the book, more of Fran's life was exposed to me -- more so than what was shown in the movie. This was a chillingly beautiful story of a heroine broken inside and out by the years of abuse that she suffered at the hands of her husband. It started with him grabbing her arms, leaving behind bruises. She thought it was just "love". He wouldn't hurt her if he didn't love her, right? It then escalated to punches, slaps, and even rape.  The story starts the day Fran had decided to run, and we're only shown fragments of Fran's former life through flashbacks. In the present, Fran is trying to cope with her situation, trying to provide for her son when she's worse off than before, trying to cope with the fact that she may not be able to hide forever from her husband (who is a cop). She's trying to make life for her son and herself as normal as possible. She forms new relationships, even a new love interest peeks over the horizon, but her initial interest in is spawned by the need to feel safe.  This story is touching an terrifying all at the same time. I really admire Quindlen's ability to write a scene. She doesn't come right out and tell you that he raped her or he caused her to miscarry. Instead, she paints a portrait of words for you that allows you to see the terror as it happens, and only when it's over do you realize what she's trying to say. Like King's Rose Madder, it's a very realistic view of spousal abuse, but unlike King's books, there are no fantastical elements to aid the heroine, and there are no false promises of a happily ever after in this book.     