 Welsh held true to his title. This book was indeed full of filth. This dark comedy seems to mixed with a warning for those following down the same path as the "hero". The book is written in Scottish vernacular, which provides a more "realistic" reading session. It's almost as if Bruce himself is in fact telling you all these things. We're introduced to D.S. Bruce Robertson, a racist, misogynistic Scottish cop leading the investigation of the murder of the son of a Ghanaian ambassador. This poses a problem for Bruce seeing as he doesn't have time to be worrying about "topped coons". He's more interesting sleeping with anything that could be considered female (including women of different races, but that's acceptable in his book). Bruce lives under the illusion that he has everything under control, but in reality, his life is falling to pieces around him. It starts with physical deterioration. Bruce is plagued with a nasty rash on his gential region, and now, he has a tapeworm, who is surprisingly introspective for a "simple organism". This tapeworm's monologues usually took place right in down the center of a page. Secondly, Bruce's mental state is slowly crumbling. He has a theory that only a finite number of bad things can happen in the world, and if they're happening to someone else, those bad things can't be happening to him. So, Bruce pits his co-workers against one another by discreetly destroying their lives and feeding them lies. He wants them miserable because their misery will feed his joy. He isn't a man with much on his side, but he likes to believe that he is the most crafty man in the world. He gives advice on how one can stay on top, but really these serve as a warning of what NOT to do.  However, the positioning, if you will, of the tapeworm's monologues threw me off a bit. I didn't mind them, but I didn't like the fact that the cut right through Bruce's own telling of the story. I found myself trying to figure out what was being said BEHIND the tapeworm's monologues. Filth is trashy, filthy, and an amusing read. Bruce is a walking contradiction and disgusting to boot. And while I found myself laughing at the sheer crudeness of some scenes in the book, I couldn't help but feel an overwhelming pity for Bruce.     