 This is the first book in the Dark Tower series, and my personal least favorite book in the series. I read this when I was in high school, or was that junior high? Either way, I read this book when I was really young. I didn't like the story much then. It seemed like a painstaking process getting through the mundane beginning. Recently, I read the revised version of this book. The Gunslinger is the story of Roland of Gilead. Roland is a gunslinger in a world that is dead (or dying, depending on the reader's point of view). He is chasing the man in black, who Roland believes knows all the secrets of the Dark Tower. He plans on making this ambiguous man tell him what he wants to know about the tower. This story still started off pretty slow for me. I was almost tempted to put it down, but I stuck it out. The action picks up after a few pages though, but it's not consistent. You get a little action, then bits that could bore you to tears, then more action. It's not an awful read by far. This story is essential in introducing you to a desolate world, to Roland, to the man in black, etc. I really love how King can make the despair and desolation of the land so tangible in a reader's mind. I could imagine the land with a vividness. When I first read this, I don't remember feeling as blown away by some of the descriptions as I feel now. I, also, enjoyed how bits and pieces of the hero's life is scattered throughout the book. Though as my friend pointed out the book can be very confusing at parts.  Sometimes, King would suddenly shift into a flashback, and at first, you wouldn't even realize it. Then, it could get quite wordy in a couple of places that didn't really need to be. A dictionary is a nice asset to have while reading this book, too. I had no idea what a poultice was until I read this book. Anyhow, I probably won't read this book a third time, but I enjoyed it much more this time. I always thought that King did a good job of mixing different genres (horror, fantasy, western, sci-fi) with this - and the rest of the books in the series. Not a bad revision for a novel that nearly ended up in my grandparents fireplace almost a decade ago.     