 A brief synopsis: William Blessing is a famed horror writer, surpassing the likes of Stephen King and Dean Koontz (who says he isn't a horror writer), and he is also the foremost expert on Edgar Allan Poe. Blessing offers a helping hand to a fellow aspiring writer who apparently never paid heed to the phrase "Don't bite the hand that feeds you". Blessing is murdered and plans are made to exploit Blessing's name by this ambitious writer (who's in cahoots with a local goth gang, if you will, called the Gothetiques). This man also has plans to marry Blessing's beautiful widow, Amy.  This book was such a treat for me. As a long time lover of the film "The Crow", the comics, and the television series, I've been longing to get my hands some of the books written by various authors. So, this was my introduction into the world of Crow fiction, and I wasn't disappointed in what I read. I enjoyed this story thoroughly. I never went into this story hoping to make Shrek's analysis, but I did go into this story hoping to be entertained. The characters were interesting. Though, I wasn't sure whether to like Blessing or dislike him at first, which made him all the more "real" because I feel the same mixed feelings about people in my read life. It didn't have the strongest of storylines, some might say it was contrite, but it was solid, giving it a good read.  Now, for my grievances with this story. The author is a compulsive name dropper. It's nice to know that he did his research in horror films and "Goth" music, but the mentioning of nearly 20 groups and 15 "prominent" stars and writer on one page is far too much. I think the author got a little too enamored by what he things the Goth culture is like. Some of the things he described the Gothetiques doing were just borderline corny. I think the way that he dealt with the characters Mick and Theodore was a bit contrived. However, those were minor things that I could look over. This will definitely continue to be a part of my library for some time to come.     