 Well, this series was recommended to me because I liked Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I hate that Buffy seems to be the definitive model for everything dealing with vampire slayers. That's not the point here though.  I'm also a long time lover of vampire lore, and that was another reason--if not the main reason--for me to pick up this book. I enjoy reading vampire novels, and enjoy the vampires (of this story) I did. This story introduces us to Anita Blake -- full time animator, part time slayer. Basically, she's been "tricked" into helping the city's head vampires find a killer that's been offing their kind. Anita doesn't like vampires, and they surely don't like her, but she has no choice.  I enjoyed reading this. I thought it was a promising start to the series. I think Anita is a symbol of "girl power", but that the same time, she could come off as annoying to some (I start to like her better as the series progresses). Some of the lesser character such as "Edward" (the violent as I like to call him) are more interesting than the main character herself. I, also, liked the premise for Anita's world such as vampires being recognized as citizens, etc. It's a very colorful world full of life and diversity. This book also has underlying themes that can be applied to our own world. Such as, there seems to be this underlying theme of acceptance and tolerance. You have these creatures who are recognized as citizens, but there's still this hatred toward them because of who they are -- very much like things happening in our own world (minus the supernatural aspect).  The only major grip I have with the book is this: There's nothing about the character that we don't know, and there's that habit of going into explicit detail about every little dislike and like she has. I know with the first person perspective the writing is going to be more indepth than usual, but it's like everything is spelled out by the main character. Why do I care what her checkout boy looks like? I don't. Therefore, her breath shouldn't be wasted on telling me he was 5'5 with russet eyes and blond hair that fell to his shoulders in waves (I made this up, but you will find a lot of that in this book). All in all, good beginning novel. I enjoyed the series as a whole, and I hope to get around to reviewing other books in this series.     