 I'll admit the story starts a little slow in my opinion. How can I say that when the opening line is a bold statement of a death? Easy. Long-time horror book reader, but I digress. It quickly picks up though, and I found myself emerged in the world of the Dracul family. It's easy to get caught into the story as you progress further. You feel like you're that metaphorical fly on the wall, witnessing things you should not. The story is told much in the same style of Bram Stoker's Dracula, which is the family's account of the events as told to their journals, but this story takes place 50 years before the events that occurred in Bram's novel. In this Covenant with the Vampire, Arkady Tsepesh has returned to his ancestral home of Transylvania, taking with him his pregnant wife, Mary. His father has died, and now he must continue the family tradition. The family is bound by a covenant to take care of Vlad Dracula, and in return, Dracula protects them.  Arkady doesn't believe the rumors about his dear, eccentric uncle. For years, the villagers have held on to "silly superstitions" about the Tsepesh family, resulting in a hate-hate relationship between the villagers and the family. Strange occurrences begin to take place at the Tsepesh estate. The family scrambles to make sense of the things that are happening around them. They often question their sanity, even in the face of evidence. Education leaves no room for "irrational" beliefs. As they piece together the mystery, Arkady is horrified to find what is expected of him now, and what's even worse, the covenant has been broken. Overall, I really enjoyed this book, and I think most vampire lovers will.  Jeannne Kalogridis has done a wonderful job of spinning a tale that leaves you wanting more. And you can tell that's she's definitely done her research for these book. This book provides chronological history for the vampire that started it all while being historically accurate. It has given us something new to ponder in the world of Dracula. Covenant with the Vampire is chilling and insightful, and from the descriptions she gives, one is able to visual everything with a glaring clarity. The story is laced with intrigue, mystery, and an air of seductive evil.  As you progress through the novel, the urgency of the characters become more and more apparent as they try to discern between what is real and what is fake. The only complaint I had is that she seemed to fall into descriptive overload at some points (usually the dullest points), and you may find yourself skipping a few pages ahead to get to the good stuff. Otherwise, I think it a good book to add to any vampire collection. It draws from a classic.  mortal_belleza     