 This book is written by the man who revolutionized the scientific study of death and what happens to our bodies when our spirit leaves and the blowflies move in. Before reading this fine book, I never considered that the fly I shooed off my shoulder or off my food, may have been spawned inside of a dead corpse! (GAG!)  Hoo-ballooo-ballooo!...that just gives me the willies.!  My maw tole me flies were dirty creatures, but she never did tell me that they spawn on dead flesh!  How totally disgusting!  But, these are the facts according to one who knows; Dr. Bass set up this forensic research lab and studied the process of death - how a body can go from warm dead to cold, rigor mortis and rot all the way down to the skeletal level. Evidently, the rotting down to the bone level is quicker when the temperature is warma and there is alot of moisture in the atomosphere.   But if a corpse is inside a body of water, it tends to preserve itself a bit longer...nobody knew this fact until our kind Dr. Bass conducted actual experiementation on the subject.  So now we know..... He needed to do this in order to pinpoint the time of death that a human being died.  This is extremely applicable to those unfortunate souls who were victims of violent crimes. One day you read in the newspaper that person was found dead in their home; bloated, smelly and laying in a pool of black oil. The first question from the coroner and the family is, "How long have they been dead?"  Nobody could estimate this with any accuracy until Dr. Bass's studies began in the Anthropology Research Facility in Tennesse....Patricia Cornwall dubbed it, "The Body Farm," and made it famous around the globe. I'd sure like to visit the place someday, but only while I am still alive! Nobody had ever done this research prior to Dr. Bass, because, quite frankly, it's revolting and disgusting work. Thank God that Dr. Bass can look beyond the gore, and get to the truth: (but how he can tolerate the horrible smell is beyond me!  UGH! GROSS!) The stench would knock one off their feet! Dr. Bass explains how he came into the field of studying death and decay, and he has dedicated not only this book, but his entire professional career to all victims of murder, their family who mourns them, and to all who seek justice. That is pretty amazing stuff; alot of the studies have to do with maggots and their lifespan.  I have to say that I admire the man for going where no other man dare goeth.  All the discoveries of dead bodies and the process of death is clearly explained, and it's only a tad gross. As readers, we aren't subjected to sniffing the foulness of the air when a corpse is being studied, like Dr. Bass's students had to do.  Nor are there nasty photos that will cause one to upchuck one's breakfast; the stories are told well and the good doctor keeps it all under control, so the reader will not stumble upon some detail that could possibly be traumatic.  I recommend this book to anyone who has an avid interest in medicine and forensics. It is also a good book for people who love flies and want to learn more about maggots.     I also think it comes in handy when deciding what to do with your remains once you die.  I am very much in the air after reading this book...I  am still torn between being cremated versus being buried inside of a casket.  Both methods have their draw-backs but one thing is for certain...I am not donating my body for any scientific studies at the Body Farm in Tennesse! No siree!     