 Jack Nicholson portrays a man who was arrested numerous times for burglery and attempted rape. He wants to beat the rap and pretends he's insane.  He thinks it's funny that he can get out of jail and stay in an Insane Hospital for 68 days. Only, he checks in and it turns out that the nurses there think he's a criminally insane!    The charactor, Randall, that Nicholson brilliantly portrays is a loudmouth cussin' rebel.  He interacts with the other men in the looney bin and he is able to reach them on an interpersonal level that Nurse Ratchet and all the other Psych Doctors cannot.  He encourages them to participate in games of basketball and he likes to tease them all by calling them insulting names.  One day, he jumps the fence while the guards are distracted.  He steals the bus that takes the pscych patients on their outings and they borrow a fishing boat.  This leads to a wild day of successful fishing, boating and having sex with woman named Candy.  By the time the USS Luney Boat pulls into the boat yard, the psych team is there to greet them.  BOY - it's trouble.    Randall gets in trouble and next thing you know, they're arguing in group session with nurse Ratchet, who is an overbearing, awful nurse who is as theraputic as a guillatione. She is just terrible with the clients - not respectful - not concerned about thier manhood or manly interests at all. As a matter of fact, I doubt she has a man in her life at all.       One night, Randall plans his escape.  He unlocks the metal bars in front of the windows and these two girls bring bags and bags of booze for them to drink as well as all the other clients.  All the clients are mal-adjusted but I wouldn't really classify them as being crazy.  They're all having trouble coping with life and they regress and loose their tempers real bad over little silly things, but they are not crazy.  The gang gets boozed up and one of the boys gets a woman for the first time in his life.  ALl this crazy action is actually the most theraputic activities that the creeps in the Insane Hospital have ever seen, and they all respond well to it.  Now comes the awful ending - they deal with Randall as if he were criminally insane.  They lobe him up and he's done for.....his friend, the Chief then leaves the looney bin. It's such a well done movie and it is hilarious throughout!  Jack uses language that is colorful and a bit offensive, which leads to the overall enjoyment of this particular film    This film is 30 years old and it is a classic film depicting mental illness and what it is and what it may not be.  It is fun to see the old '45's spinning on the turntable and there is alot of visual reference to the way the world was in 1975.  Jack Nicholson is a youthful 35 year old young man, and that in itself is worth the time seeting this old film.  Cuckoo's Nest is a classic and all person studying modern Psych owe it to themselves to be conversant about this important film.     