 Blame it on the mommy, but somehow those rambunctious Kennedy kids inherited a recessive gene that is responsible for taking big risks.  Scientists isolated and identified the gene found in most of the dead Kennedy's....the DRD4 7 R gene.  That is the concept that this book is based on. Supposedly, people who have this trait inherit the urge to perform high risk operations like driving while drunk, piloting expensive aircraft with novice level skills, and skiing into tree trunks while playing foozball in the snow. Ugh....I do feel sorry for those rich Kennedy's....all the money and fame in the world cannot buy them longevity. But their lives are superbly filled with every imaginable adventure,  and they are wealthy folks. The author, Edward Klein offers up some gossip that I have not read before. Or maybe I did read it before somewhere, but I just forgot about it. He takes an exhaustive look from the late 1850's on how the bad luck of the Kennedy clan first started. On page 24, the sorrowful journey of 'the curse' begins. In the forty years that have passed since the public assasination of JFK in Dallas, the author notes that every 2 years ---somebody in the Kennedy family (or somebody closely associated with the Kennedy's) has a terrible accident. Usually they die. This list tallied 23 such incidents since that dark and greivace November 22nd of 1963, when the shots from the Texas School Book Depository... forever changed the course of mankind. What kind of person would fire off a shot at our beautiful, charismatic president? I was only 3 years old when the assasination occured, but I remember it like it was yesterday....oh, the sorrow. Oh, the pain. The nation and the world sobbed nonstop for weeks.... Oh, the injustice of it all. Still, the killer is not known for sure....was it really Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone?  I've read too many books to believe that lie...when will the truth be told? The book rattles and prattles on about alleged affairs that JFK had with various women.  But I don't think he bedded so many women, because he was not a healthy man. A bad back, Addison's disease and all too frequent visitations with Dr. Feelgood would not have boosted his libido to the degree that this book claims.   Anyhow, most people need to understand the truth surrounding this famous family.  Yes, the Kennedy family has lost it's lusture and brightness of years gone by....but it still makes for some compelling reading. I especially found it moving reading on pages 24 - 30 --- when the author lists in chronological order the actual tragic incidents of the Kennedy's.....so much tragedy and so much pain. How they still survive is a mystery to me, but I wish them only happiness and blessings forever more. Whomever conjured up the curse against this family needs to end it now, so much suffering has been felt in this family and they don't deserve it. If you are a person who believes in spells and magic --- I can tell you that no curse goes on forever. Sooner or later, neutral forces can influence these curses and make them benign....PEACE to the Kennedy Family and long may your lives be.     