 Anesthesiology was the single greatest discovery in American Medicine which benefited humanity on a universal scale. It was on a Friday, October 16th, 1846 at Mass General Hospital that one William Morton applied the mystery gas. He was not a doctor, nor did he understand exactly what he was doing to the hapless patient... The patient lying quietly on the slab was dreading an exquisitely painful operation; a tumor was to be removed from his neck. He was to be the first to recieve a completely painfree operation. The surgical theater was packed with surgeons and medical students up to the rafters.... Would this prove a huge scientific discovery or another humbug? It was a huge success and the medical world plus humankind (and animals) would never have to suffer painful surgical intervention again! Horace Wells and Charles Jackson also laid claim to the actual discovery of Nitrous Oxide, as explained on page 51. The three men had equal vestitures of discovery of the analgesic properties of Nitrous, Ether, Choroform and other more modern anesthetics. Unfortunately for them, their curosity of these inhalable substances led to their addictions to it for the rest of their natural lives. Greed and the need to be recognized for this invention also consumed the minds of these young scientists. They all died without any recompense for their amazing discovery, which is the mother of all rip-offs if you asked me. Their lives were completely enslaved to the powers of these vapors and the legalities tied to the discovery. I bought this amazing little book because I am engaged in a gigantic debate with an anesthesiologist. She doesn't think my psychiatric technician students should be allowed to witness certain surgeries in the OR that she works in. I am seeking all powerful stories and arguments to bolster my position...and this is my position... any all all persons who are intelligent and brave enough to WANT to witness a surgery SHOULD be allowed to witness one. It's a valuable learning experience that should be shared by as many willing parties in controlled conditions. She is too elitist, because she values only the up and coming MDs.  The hospital is not a residency medical center. It's a nice community hospital with some good learning going on...why not share the knowledge and allow science to flow from the OR onto new students who would value this experience? I learned alot about anesthesiology by reading this moderatly thin volume...it's a bargain, too. For 97 cents, I expanded my mind, built an arsenal of great arguments pro-surgical theatrics and can challenge the minds of even the most preMadonna-ist of anesthesiologists! Tell me --- Now, you go girl! And just watch me....Off I go!     