 Author Rick Brag did an awesome job of telling the true story behind Private First Class Jessica Lynch's ordeal. She is a simple country gal who grew up in a close knit American town, but like so many small towns in West Virginia, this means there are not too many options facing it's high school graduates. Precious few jobs exist and that is why small country hollers in the middle of nowhere, USA recruit the highest per capita ratio of young people willing to become soldiers. The military is the only exciting future for many teens. Jessi was one such person - tough as nails and pretty as a tiny doll.  She proved herself to be an American hero in an Iraqi battlefield. Many people don't know this, but Jessica Lynch was awarded the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, and the Prisoner of War Medal. She deserves each and every distinguished metal, and she has the internal & external scars to prove her mettle. Some rude people are skeptical of her sacrifices, but as they sit on thier ever-expanding duffs critising everybody, Jessi is struggling to rehabilitate her legs and bladder and bowels. Her wounds are far from being healed even today. What horrors her dreams are made of nightly from being a prisoner of war I can only shiver and wonder about. She gave all that she could for this war and served the US Army to her utmost abilities. It is difficult to know that there are persons who wish to defame Jessica Lynch - people like that belong in hell. YES, she is a super-star, a woman warrior and famous person who recieved many special gifts as well as discretionary bonuses, but Jessica herself is adamant that she would give "Four hundred billion dollars" for none of it to have ever occured, if she could somehow board a time machine and take back the combat death of her best roomy friend, Private First Class Lori Piestwa. Jessica would do anything to talk her friend, PFC Lori Piestewa, out of going into Iraq, because her friend had papers discussing a shoulder injury which would have enabled her to stay in the safe zone. Private Piestwa was a Hopi Indian and was the first Hopi to die in the line of fire in the history of this nation. She leaves behind two young children, under the tender age of 5.  I plowed through this book, reading about Jessica's life, but when I hit page 167 --- tears exploded in my eyes --- on this page is the picture of the father of Lori Piestewa, as a poem written for his daughter was being read at the Women in Military Service Memorial at Arlington National Cemetary. Oh ... the anguish, the hoplessness, the sorrowful look on the old man's face...it crushed my hearts into bits and pieces and his grief came rushing into my own heart.   Jessica tells her story and does not leave out those heros who were tragically left behind; those who can never go home again. The only consolation is that the body of young Private First Class Lori Piestewa was found and taken back to her family. Her remains are now buried close to her kin, not buried in an unmarked place in the sandy dunes of Iraq. This story moved me more than any of the other books that I have reviewed here.  It's a story that rings of truth, of youth and consequences of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. I sincerely wish that Jessica Lynch marries her sweetheart, Sgt. Rueben Contreras, and that they can have a happy life together. I sincerely wish the people of Palestine, West Virginia, God's blessings and good grace; they truly love Jessica Lynch. In spite of terrible tragedies, such as death, it is important to remember that life goes on...it simply has to go on. After reading this book, (it only took 2 1/2 hours to read it from cover to cover.) I prayed for the soldiers in Iraq -- and those who will not make it home outside of the body bag. I pray for them and their families and for this great nation of ours who puts a high value on freedom and democracy for all humankind. This story will move you like none other. It makes me feel so proud to be an American, and to have those ideals of family, God and democracy deep in my heart. God Bless the USA!     