 Had this book been less technical and more anecdotal, I would have awarded the author, Nancy Segal, PhD a 5 star rating. Alas - it is very dry due to her habit of citing research study after research study - then of course, a long explanation regarding percentages.  whew *  Lends to very dry reading indeed.    Not to ignore the fact that there are many interesting facts that Dr. Segal presents in her studious little book in regards to identical twins versus fraternal twins.  The sad reality is that the identical twins grab the spotlight most of the time because of their uncanny similarities that really impress! Identical twins are the closest thing to CLONES that the world can ever see, and for this - Dr. Segal discusses numerous arguements that support the claim.   She discussed many cases of identical twins...some raised in the same home, some raised in different homes.  What I am so sorry that SHE DID NOT INCLUDE were the world-famous identical twins, Ronald and Richard Herrick. They were the first persons ever to successfully undergo kidney donorship and transplantation in the world - - - way back in 1954.  Richard was only 24 when glomerulonephritis placed him in kidney failure and he was weeks away from a certain death. His doctors had warned the family to put his affairs in order, because he was doomed to die so prematurely. But then they learned that Richard had an identical twin brother, Ronald.  THey agreed to attempt the transplant and it worked!!!  I would have loved to hear Segals' spin on this amazing story - it changed the medical world overnight!    She does compare lots of data on natural identical twins, identical twins spaced by years by artificial insemination, superfecated twins, step-twins, near-twins and also some discusson on identical triplets, quadruplets and quintuplets. A small discussion is included for the famous Dilley septuplets. There is a frightening chapter on conjoined twins and their sad stories.      OVerall this was a very excellent book and I learned alot from it.  334 pages of twin trivia and facinating facts are contained within.  I highly recommend this reading, for those minds who do not mind a whole bunch of data and percentage discussions.     