 Despite a slow start in the ultra dry chapter one, this book takes off slowly to reveal some top of the glacier secrets that define what is known as the US Secret Service. This book discusses it's biggest loss - Losing Lancer on chapter 3 was such a traumatic event for the Secret Service, as well as the nation and ultimately the world. Have we recovered from the assasination of John F. Kennedy?  I would say that NO - we have NOT. Changes still abound due to this tragic event in Nov 1963. I didn't want to read yet another book on the topic of the JFK assasination, but this book really does address it from a different point of view. YES, many errors were made, and the president was gunned down, but still -- questions remain unanswered...even after all these years...(41 years) Current president protective measures are discussed, including the homeland security that was needed since 9-11-01. The Secret Service is stretched to it's limits these days; protecting important people such as the president is more high risk than ever in history.  The SS in the age of terrorism is discussed in the last chapter. I especially enjoyed Chapter 7 which goes into depth about the actual training of a secret service agent...the types of classess they enroll in and the details about weaponry. Each SS agent is issued a 9-mm Sig Sauer semiautomatic pistol to keep on thier person 24/7/365. They learn to dress a certain way, keep physically fit, psychologically balanced and have trigger reflexes when it comes to guarding the president or another VIP worthy of SS protection. All of this comes at a cost, and no taxpayer will applaud it too much, although, POST 9-11, we cannot offer any acceptable arguments against the Secret Service's existence. Of course, protection of VIPs is the famous indication for this select group of men and women.  But also tracing counterfieting operations is of equal importance ..... ever since 1865, the SS learned how to identify counterfiet money and track it's bogus printers. This book is somewhat dry in places, but when you get into reading it, it proves to be chock full of pertinent information.  If you or somebody you care about ever has the notion that they would like to be a man in black, they should buy this book and read it cover to cover. It's full of credible information and it's interesting and I highly recommend this book for people who are curious about national security and the nutts and bolts of protecting our president from harm.     