 RARE it is these days to find classic literature being born right before our very eyes, but this mysterious author known as Lemony Snicket is one such superb author. With a name so persnickerdy, the reader is forewarned that the tale inside the books may prove to be too fearful for younguns. But - that is far from the case - I read this book with my 9 year old son, and it proved to be highly entertaining and very good for his reading skills which are already pretty impressive.  Violet, Klaus and Sunny are 3 chillens born into real bad luck and lots of bad stuff happen to them in the book. Besides the biggie of their parents dying in a mysterious fire, they are forced to live with their terrible uncle, Count Olaf, who is a real terror and he's super mean.  It gets even edgier when the Count demands that 14 year old virgin Violet marry him so that he can get his miserable hands on the Children's fortune...this is a ghastly plot twist that reeks of pedophilia or incest, but then again, the Brothers Grimm made that an essential ingredient to their story telling formulas.  No - Violet is saved in the end by clever Klaus and the happy ending shows Count being arrested and chased far away.  The enduring lesson here is that the three siblings strongly have learned to help one another and were able to creatively problem-solve when the going got very very rough.  It's a wonderful lesson to prove, that one is never defeated when united with hearts filled with love.  I am energized to continue reading the entire modern literary library of this amazing author, Lemony Snicket.  Or at least, I have bought the first three books and plan on reading together with my 9 year old....it's fun and it's entertaining and much has been learned by reading this modern tale of plots that entertained people for many, many years. Read this book and see if it doesn't work for you. The warnings are just silly fun from the author - - - he warns that the book is unpleasant, but it's a fun book to read - honest! Good literature in times where American Literature is somewhat sparse to find.     