 The story of Dr. Walter Freeman, a psychiatrist - is as convoluted as the human brain.  After learning about this maverick medical pioneer, I come to believe that Dr. Freeman was a man consumed with finding the ultimate cure for those stricken with debilitating mental illnessess. He witnessed the mental asylums of the 1930's - and these houses were wretched prisons where the truly lost souls of our planet were housed.  Freeman could not bear to leave those patients with no hope / no chance of a treatment or way of getting better. Persons who were insande in the 30's, 40's and 50's were left with no treatment whatsoever. God help those who were schizophrenic, or obsessive-compulsive or agitatedly depressed or suicidal.  In those early days, there was nothing other than confinement to treat the mentally ill. A lifetime of confinement...loneliness...despair. Dr. Freeman developed psychosurgery in the form of the frontal lobe, bilateral lobotomy procedure...he practiced on hundreds of patients along with his esteemed collegue, Dr. James Watts; a neurosurgeon.  Together, they attacked severe mental incapacity with their frontal lobe-disconnecting surgeries....which was first performed with a leucotome inserted through the sides of the frontal lobes in the surgical suite....which then evolved into the use of a simple ice pick, which was inserted straight into the frontal lobes via the superior medial aspects of the orbits of the eyes! This approach sickened and repulsed all nurses assisting in the procedure, no matter how experienced they were. The method of anesthesia was delivering several jolts of electroshock therapy....which wasn't actually anesthetizing, it more promotoed amnesia and unconsciousness than actual sedation, but the manuver worked. Thus, this rather barbaric approach to lobotomies is what Dr. Freeman stuck to for the remainder of his less-than-illustrious medical career.  This outraged many of the medical community; eventually even Dr. James Watts distanced himself from the practice, preferring the use of the sterile surgical environment. Other shock treatments that are explained in this novel are Metrazol, Insulin, and electro-shock treaments that helped to erradicate certain psychiatric diagnosies.  All with very limited success. As outrageous as it may seem, the lobotomy was actually researched and found to be theraputic in about 33% of all cases. 19% of the time, it was a miserable failure and the remainder of the time, the patient simply traded one set of psychiatric problems for another set of equally disturbing problems. Amazingly, 33 % of patients were discharged from state hosptials and could function independently at home. Dr. Freeman understood the seriousness of the despondency that hung in the wards like a dark cloud in state institutions. He wanted to do something about it, and he also didn't mind if he were to become famous for discovering a cure. The life & career of Dr. Walter Freeman is a lesson in the human condition and a wise man once said, "Psychiatry is the management of despair." Lobotomy was basically outlawed by the 1950's and not done hardly at all in the 1960's.    What will shock you most is that now, psychosurgery is experiencing a renaissance.  The use of surgery to correct intractable psychiatric problems is once again being used to treat numbers of resistant obsessive-compulsive patients and severly depressed patients.  Today neurosurgeons employ more precise tools, such as lasers or radiation to produce tiny lesions in narrowly targeted regions of the brain.  So, the term lobotomy is shunned currently.  The ghost of Dr. Freeman still hovers over the science of modern neurosurgery for mental disorders and perhaps someday, he will recieved the recognition and praise that evaded him during his lifetime. This book is an excellent intellectual adventure into the brilliant minds of those who seek cures for those who have not found their cure.  Read it!     