 Chris Kraft is one of those brilliant rarities that can lead and design complex and difficult projects and has complete faith that the answer is just around the next corner. He was the FLIGHT director of all three distinguished space programs beginning with Mercury and ending with Apollo. Gemini was stuck in the middle and without Gemini, Apollo would never have landed on the moon. It's so odd that many people STILL refuse to accept the facts that the USA DID in fact land on the moon on that fateful day, July 20th, 1969. YES - 44 years ago Apollo 11 did so on the EAGLE at exactly 3:17:39.9PM CST in the United States of America. Neil Armstrong's voice was clear over the radio, a quarter million miles away,  "Houston, Tranquility Base here.  The Eagle has landed." Armstrong was much admired in NASA for having a cool head under intense pressure and he was unanimously voted to be the first man to step foot on the moon. At the time, it was unknown what the surface of the moon was made of...some scientists feared the top layer of the moon dust was one mile of soft sand that would collapse under any weight and swallow up the landing ship upon it's landing. Thankfully, this did not occur, nor were there any life-threatning germs found on the lunar surface. "One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind." Those words forever changed our world.  Along with the lunar landing came many inventions that blessed our quality of life with many newfangled inventions like the super speedy computers and telemetry that could monitor heart rhythms of people. Everyone got their due in this tell-all book and what a page-turner it proved to be.  Kraft is a brilliant man who can tell it like it is and he sure lead an exciting and intellectual life. It's sad that his family got the short end of the stick, but the nation recieved his best and most intensive labor. Without Kraft, I seriously doubt that the US would have made the moon in 1969...I really do. Read this book and understand the whole story....all the twists and turns and convolutions of the bueracracy. It's interesting and I need to mention that initially, Kraft had a low interpersonal assesment of the genious scientist, Wernher von Braun.  He disliked the fact that von Braun bombed Europe with his evil VH bombs --- he hated the fact that Hitler bossed von Braun around the way he did.  But then later, he had to understand that a knife was held at von Bruan's throat and he HAD to do those evil things.....or Hitler would of had him executed or shot or whatnot.....Kraft later awarded von Bruan  with his highest admiration because without von Braun, there'd very likely be no Saturn V moon rocket.  It's statistics must NEVER be forgotten, insists Kraft, and here I will discuss it with you. The Saturn V had 3 stages, the first was 33 feet in diameter. It had 5 monster rocket engines and each one could produce 1.5 MILLION pounds of thrust!  (That's 7.5 million pounds on this stage alone....) Now add stage 2 :  it was 30 feet in diameter and had 5 smaller engines that punched up 1 million pounds of thrust.  (uh let's see --- 5 more million pounds added to #1.) Then the third stage was 22 feet across with no specified thrust given, but it was impressive!!! Add the equation up and add some more millions to it and uh --- well -- you get the idea! That mutha kicked!!! All this power was required to break free of Earth's gravitational field and launch Apollo into Earth orbit. WOW! What a ride it must have been! All this happened so long ago and before long, Americans took space travel for granted. According to Kraft, we could have landed on MARS in the 1990's had we stuck to our high ideals and kept the NASA space exploration programs going at full tilt. But politics and Viet Nam came into the picture and that was the piece of pie NASA needed to perform these unrealized dreams. They went as far as Apollo 17 - that was as far as the budget and national interest allowed for them. Kind of a shame to stop dreaming big....but I know other programs need our aid too. Some people say we don't need space and we don't need to explore while world hunger is still a reality here along with homelessness and child abuse. Maybe we should forgo it and take care of the more fundamental problems facing humanity here on Earth. But after reading this quality book, it encourages one's intellect to reach for the stars and never stop thirsting for the truth about our universe and the many associated discoveries that will come with other great adventures up there in the mysterious cosmos. I bought this book for a mere $3.98 and I wish I could share it with every person who is reading here at AMAZON dot com. It's a wonderful book that you should endeaver -- it will bring you much discovery and knowledge. Thank you Chris Kraft for living an exemplary life and sharing your brain power with all those programs that improved the world. The story is worth reading from all who shared in it and have a point of view.     