 Ooh, I've read lots about the world's most beloved princess, Princess Diana, but this book tells some of the most intimate secrets shared by the Princess and her butler, Paul Burrell.  Actually, the butler was much MORE than a mere servant.  He was her rock and yet he had no life of his own.  He was addicted to her beauty and grace, and became in many ways a loving husband to Di, when her real husband turned out to be a jerk.  He was also a loving brother, when her real brother let her down numerous times.  He was her nurse, her shrink, her caretaker; all while being able to brew a mean pot of coffee! There are many secrets left untold; this is repeated throughout the book, and Princess Di had many suitors that remain secret. She lived a life full of all the material things that any woman could dream of---yet, she was destitute for love and belonging.  Di was very generous with the ordinary folks who toiled day in and day out for her... she knew how to write lovely thank you notes and was a prolific writer. She also could be cruel to people, Paul admits --- and gives specifics, but her cruelty was nothing in comparison to the rest of the Royal Family. I am still wondering why Prince Charles cast her out like yesterdays newspaper, and took up lustful residence inside the walls of Camilla Parker-Bowles love nest?  Di's walls have to be lovelier than Camilla's old things!  There is no story behind his obsession with that ugly woman, and I hope they never marry. Princess Diana was spiritually and emotionally lost after her divorce became absolute from Prince Chaz, but then a miracle intervened. She was able to meet a few times with Mother Theresa, and Diana was convinced at that time that MT was a Saint. MT inspired Diana to do all the good that she could in this harsh and unfeeling world, and she did set out to accomplish humanitarian goals.   The world felt her compassion, strength, and love...and we will never forget her kindness. I still cannot fully believe that this wonderful woman is gone from us....the accident in the Paris Tunnel when the chauffer driven Mercedes crahed into the thirteenth pillar seems like a set-up for murder.  It's been 5 years since her passing, and people from all walks of life still mourn the loss of Princess Diana.  THe most shocking revelation is the premonition that the princess had of her own death scarcely a year prior to the accident - on page 326 - Diana spoke of mysterious forces that were planning an, "accident in her car, brake failure and serious head trauma...clearing the path for Charles to remarry." That took great courage to publish....I hope an investigation is done by American investigators....not the Brits who seem to have played some part in it. The clincher of the book is contained in the back pages....how the Spencer family attacked Mr Burrell and accused him of stealing personal items from both Diana and Prince William, which were absolute lies and shenanigans on their part. This poor man was driven to insanity because of their persecution of him, and he came very close to commiting suicide one night.  A caring soul found him and his life was saved. He was ultimately 'forgiven' by the Queen, but I don't think he got any of the gifts that Princess Diana bestowed upon him during her lifetime.  All those 315 items (gifts) are still in the custody of the M15, or Scotland Yard, or perhaps the Corgis have possession of them and are chewing them all to bits. Diana gifted him with many nice items and now he's lost them all, including some sensitive tapes involving her love life and this and that and such. It's a tragic story in the tragic life of Princess Diana, and I am left to wonder how this is even remotely acceptable to Prince Charles, and the Queen herself. Paul Burrell gave 1000% of himself to the service of those bugger Royals and they just gave him grief. If there was ever a book that tells what the Royal Family is really like down deep inside thier evil, selfish and blackened hearts, oooh -- this one tells the tale and spins it like no other book on the topic of the Royal Family. I really detest the concept of a "Royal" blood line, with even deeper contempt than ever since I finished reading this fine book.  It required the strenth of steel to write and I am very happy that Butler Paul Burrell had the fortitude and the sheer guts to make the effor to preserve the truth about life in the Kensington Palace with Princess Diana.  She was more important to him than his own wife and sons, but they were good with this truth.  They understood because they loved her too. Read this book --- it's mesmerizing --- it's spellbinding...I promise you there are things in there that you have not contemplated or heard before....the real story begins on page 287, which happens to be Chapter 13. Follow it to the bitter end on page 406 ---Thank you, Mr. Paul Burrell, for being a tower of strength to this beautiful woman that the world will keep in their hearts forever.     