 The first 10 minutes of the movie describe how Karl Childers (brilliantly portrayed by Billy Bob Thorton) came to be locked up in a "Nervous Hospital" for 20 years (for murdering his abusive mother and her teen-aged toy boy.) He speaks in a Southern twang, and that is comforting to some folks, like little boy Frank, who meets Karl outside the local Wishy Washie.  They strike up an innocent yet strong friendship, that is an unconditional type of relationship. The boy is a loner, who has no daddy but a real nice mawmaw. Karl gets to meet her, and her boss, who is portrayed by the late John Ritter.  The boss man is somewhat suspicious of Karl in the beginning, but then gives to him his total trust. The boss also happens to be gay and wants very much to remain inside of the gay closet, sort to speaking. They all get along - except for Franks' Mom's boyfriend; his name was Doyle and he was one mean sonofa berch. He likes to boss Frank around, insult all of their friends and then he likes to play in his Gawd-awful band. He gets drunk all the time and threatens to kill Frank and his mawmaw if she breaks up with him.  Well, she does want to break up with Doyle and she threatens to do this over and over. Next thing that you see, they're shacked up in bed and everything is supposed to be alright>? One night, Karl barges in on them while they are in bed, holding a hammer in his hand. That makes Doyle a bit nervous, but he figures Karl is retarded and can't do anything against him.  So he ignores it. The next day, Doyle proposes to the girlfriend, and she doesn't seem to say no.  Doyle is just awful to the boy, Frank and he threatens him with death again, only Karl is there to jerk Doyle's hand off Frank, "Leave the boy alone!" thunders Karl. During the film - Karl is silent during verbal abusives dealt by Doyle - one is led to believe that Karl is unable to fend. But boy -- I suspect that Karl is not retarded at all.  He ain't autistic, he ain't developmentally delayed. He's just been neglected real bad - especially in the formative years of babyhood.  He was sent out to live in the family's dirt floor garage and to fend for himself. So - he never learned to speak or think like the normal population does.  I do not beleive Karl is mentally challenged - he's deep in thought and likes to hide his thoughts. Because his thoughts are full of JUSTICE and sometimes there are people in this world who have to leave....and leave the good ones alone. Karl knew what he was doing in the end. Oh, yeah - he knew what he was about to do and he told Doyle that he would do it  - just what numbers do you push in order to call the police?  Karl asks Doyle...Doyle chuckles low in disbelief - "You call 9-1-1 for an ambulance or a hearse..." is what Doyle says. Then the end comes and I say it's a justifiable ending. IT was a happy ending and the boy FRANK, he was going to be happy -- just like the bookmark promised him.     