 Neil Armstrong may indeed have the biggest balls when it comes to performing daring macho stunts.  Landing on the moon was humankind's grandest achievement...that and inventing computers. Armstrong got to be where he is TODAY becuase of his cool head, and ability to problem-solve when solutions seemed nonexistent. His upbringing in a small farm with no electricity and loads of religious influence had alot to do with the man today. What is truly shocking is that Mr. Armstrong is DIVORCED. What lead to the big D is not explained at all....but still -- this is an excellent biography about a man who refuses to discuss what really happend up there in our number one natural satellite. Why won't Armstrong come forward and pen his own story? Of all the astronaughts that landed on the moon, he's the first one and he is the ONLY one who has not written his account of it. My GOD! That outrages me and everybody in this great nation of ours.  WHY he remains silent is a mystery - the author attributes his silence to a severe case of modesty, but I ain't buying that version of the story. WHY does Armstrong remain silent on what is considered man's hugest technical achievment in history? THe psychology on that alone could fill 800 pages. I still rate "One Giant Leap" 5 stars because it's about a man who won't talk. Read this book and pay attention to what is said between the lines. He won't talk about it...the author resorts to interrogating everybody in Armstrong's universe, not him nor his ex-wife. YES - Armstrong did remarry --- but what does it all mean? The woman who stood by his side during those frantic space shot years will forever be his life mate and soul mate. GOSH - the stories she must have heard. Or maybe Armstrong clammed up too long about it with her, which would explain the divorce proceedings. My opinion is that I am happy to read ANYTHING about this important man and his gigantic leap into the scientific discovery of the moon, life supporting necessities of deep space, and interpersonal relationships that he had with his 2 other space buddies and his immediate family. ALl those people could tell us more about this fantastic journey. THe cover photo is one that Armstrong took of his buddy, BUZZ ALDRIN, (The second man on the moon - he HATES when people point that out.) Buzz was too PO'd about being number 2, so he never did decide to be nice and snap a pix of Neil for posterity. So - Aldrin is the snapshot space man on the cover of this interesting book....every picture tells a story. Think of how mad you had to be if you REFUSED to take somebody's picture, and NASA was on your can to DO it now, but you refused over and over. That must have frustrated Ground Control immensely. Again - the psychology of inter space travel is something that has not really been much elaborated on. I enjoyed this book and would recommend it to everybody, especially Mr. Neil Armstrong. He'd surely want to set some records straight after reading this book, and I agree with him. It's HIGH TIME that the people of the world read his personal account of what happened up there on the Moon. After all, we prayed for him and held our collective breaths with each step he took up there, in that gravity-less environment that could have taken him to an early and unexpected grave had one little problem occured. Prayers helped his mission to be 1,000% successful....and it's been 35 years since this happened. Time is running out on old Neil --- I hope he doesn't go to his grave with all his wonderous tails of awesome space experience. Now is the time to share this marvelous achievement. The world would like to hear from the man himself, in his own thoughts and words. It's too important an achievement for Armstrong to keep for himself totally. I sometimes wonder if things would be different in the respects of Buzz Aldrin being number one on the Moon. He'd spill his gutts all over the place, I have a hunch. Or maybe he'd off made an error and never landed at all. One never can test fate. It was Armstrong as our Number One Space Man in 1969 -  I sure would LOVE to hear his words on this story. For now, this book will suffice.     