 I'm not sure if I agree with the author's spin on vaccines and the link with autism, but most of the information contained in this slim volume is true & accurate information. On page 62, he discusses Brucellosis; the illness that plaqued Florence Nightingale upon her return from the Crimean War, which quite possibly was responsible for keeping her bedridden for the rest of her life.  E-yup, Brucellosis is an oldie, and so are smallpox, TB, plaque and Anthrax, which he discusses in a somewhat boring fashion. He goes on to explain such entities as Ribavirin, Antivirals and more yet about vaccines.  (Which are our only hope - if ya want to know the truth about prevention of catastrophic diseases. Vaccines are GOOD -- not bad!) Towards the back of the book, Null & Fest delve into natural methods on how YOU can prevent contracting these loathsome illnesses through... proper diet detoxification destressing your life Hebs and so on and so on......He even tells you how to take a proper bath!  (see pages 208-10.) The treat of all treats is on page 206 -- this is worth the price of the book...  The Liver and Gallbladder FLUSH! You mix up the list of organic acids and bolt the concoction down first thing in the morning on an empty stomach. Talk about explosive!!!!  Oooh-la-la!  My bowels will never be the same, and be sure nobody's in the house when you do this! Finally, this book reminds all readers to take massages whenever possible, and to take life one day at a time. I wish those brilliant authors would have emphasized to NOT WORRY, BE HAPPY, because one should not obsess over this icky subject matter.  When your number's up, it's up, and then you move onto another relm where somebody slaps a new job on ya.   It's a tough world our there, growing harder every day, but it is still a beautiful world -- there is still much joy awaiting all of us. In order to recieve the goodness of this Earth, we must first be willing to be giving...and we should do all we can to preserve our beautiful universe.       PEACE out!     