 This is a thought-provoking book about a genius who developed the first working rocket on Earth.  Dr. Robert Goddard was a mystery man; he was a loner but had close ties with Charles Lindbergh, Harry Guggenheim, and Werner von Braun.  He is credited with the raw invention of modern rocketry; although the credit may have been stolen from him with the utilization of the crude but warworthy V-2 rockets developed by the Germans. The problem with Goddard is that he wanted all the patents to belong to him and all the credit go to him, but when it came to sharing his wealth of knowledge, he became secretive. It outraged many people, including his own government. Goddard wanted to protect his inventions, but that cost him the credit and honor that he coveted so much during the years he lived.  It was only after his death that his beloved wife, Esther secured his spot in history. Charles Lindbergh and Harry Guggenhiem threw in their consideable support in promoting Goddard's inventions post-humously as well, and that is why he is not just a foot note in history today. Dr Goddard demonstrated impressive technical skill, insight and integrity despite financial contraints and public skeptism. He was forced to deal with failure over and over and over.  Years of his life was spent in pursuit of incorrect thinking, that modern rocketry would go in only one direction. In the end, he proved that he had what it takes to launch a payload into extreme altitudes. He was a pioneer in thinking that man would one day land on the moon - the mere mention of this idea would bring a room to racious laughter - people were incredulous of his brilliance in those days.  His wife believed in him, and this was his one strongest ally in his own little islolated world of discovery. I found it odd and amusing that he lived many years in Roswell, New Mexico.  This was before the Rosewell Alien crash in 1948, but I wonder to this day if there was any connection, and what Goddard's reaction to the legendary alien crash would have been. It would have been interesting to know whether or not Goddard believed in extraterrestials.  This is not discussed in this fine book, but author, David Clary did a superb job in bringing back to life this mysterious scientist. There were bright points of Robert Goddard's life, and there were darker shades also, the man was human - after all. He dared to dream bigger than most scientists of his time.....he is often compared to Hermann Oberth and Konstantin Tsiolkovsky - other physicists that theorized about space travel. But our man, Robert Goddard was the FIRST to actually build rockets and test them and work on them until some degree of continuity was achieved. And for this tireless and thankless effort, Goddard is reviered today as the first ROCKET MAN of the ages. I enjoyed this book greatly - I actually had begun reading another book about a famous astronaught, but when I perused this book, it took command of my undivided attention. There is alot to know about these early men; who risked social stigma to apply what they theorized to actual science. We can credit Goddard with the entire US Space program; he was on the ground floor. Maybe Sputnik could send his estate a belated thank you card, because at the time, the only person actively developing these great flying machines was a lonely bald scientist toiling away in the hot desert in remote sections of New Mexico. Have a read -- this book will lift your imaginations to new heights and I guarantee, you will learn much from this great man. It is a really interesting book and easy to understand.     