 This is an extraordinary little book that one could easily cover in an evening.  It's about a man who lived a rough life, and he felt unimportant for practically his whole existence. The only brightness in his life was the love of his life; who he managed to make his wife.  She is one of the FIVE persons he meets up with in Heaven when it is his time to go. The other FOUR persons are really circumstances that the man had encountered while living his life on Earth. They are really metaphors and I have to devote some time to thinking about the meaning behind them. He didn't really know them like friends while he was alive, but he impacted their lives in tremendous ways. Or their lives impacted his life with tremendous influence. The objective of the author, Mitch Albom, is to remind all of us that we are important to many others in this world and we should never, never underestimate this truth. If you are a mother or a father--- this book is influential. If you are a brother or a sister -- this book is important. If you are a child of somebody, this book will help you. If you leave your house for any job on this planet, remember your role and take it seriously. Your role that you play does affect many, many people. It is up to YOU to decide the caliber of your own life's work. The story is about a man named Eddie, but really it's a story that's all about us...the reader. BIRTHDAYS are also treated with respect and importance.  I have always valued birthdays and I think they are extremely important in the ongoing validation of people that we know and love. Never foget a birthday -- at least give the person having a birthday some acknowledgment of their special day. After all --- the world changes every time there is a birthday  (for better or worse.) It's brilliantly thought out,  the words are simple, well chosen and paint a lovely picture. I think that the FIVE people I meet in Heaven will be mostly folks that I knew on Earth, but then again, I can be like Eddie and learn about things in the background of my life that I never considered. One thing this book encourages is TO DO YOUR ABSOLUTE BEST at whatever role you play in this world. Be a good parent.  Be a good spouse.  Be a loving child to your aging parents.  Take care of everybody that needs your help or asks for a hand.  Share the love that you have in your heart, because one never knows how long we have to live in this beautiful world. This book has influenced me greatly and I have alot more good to offer this world....it's changed my attitude tremendously. Perhaps this book will change you too, in ways that can only be described as postive and uplifing.     