 Patricia Cornwall started the book questioning herself if this forensic investigation was worthy of her time and sweat. She was horrified yet facinated by the crimes of Jack the Ripper, and to be honest, I never knew the depth of his sickness and hatred against women.  But women weren't his only victims, he killed young boys as well. Cornwall had a theory that Walter Richard Sickert was the one and only Jack the Ripper...by day, he was Dr. Jekyll and by darkness, he became the hideous Mr. Hide.  Or was it the other way around? In either case, this book is a facinating glimpse into what life was like in London in the mid to late 1800's.   She describes the country and paints a dark and dirty picture of it.  Her descriptions are credible accounts of how life in polluted London must have been.  The "Unfortunates," are the women who were forced to live a life of the oldest profession.  WOmen in those days had no rights at all, and could not own property.  It was a death sentence to ever become divorced in Victorian society. Jack the Ripper preyed on these unfortunates, and his crimes were ghastly.  Cornwall provides her theory that Walter Richard Sickert was the serial killer known as JTR, but since his remains were cremated, we will never know this as fact. Give the woman a break...all she has to go on is the saliva which was scraped from underneath an old postage stamp. Her theory is a sound one, the artist Walter R Sickert drew some unsettling and unsavory canvases.  He was a sicko alright. Now, during the late 1880's, a man known as the Elephant Man lived in the same neighborhood where these henious crimes were being committed.  Due to his otherworldy appearance and deformity, there were those who wrongly accused the EM about the crimes.  He was innocent, he was locked up in hospital not to protect the neighborhood from him but rather, to protect him from the natives.  People could be so cruel. Here's the irony -- the Elephant Man was horribly deformed all over his body due to some rare cellular pathology, but his manly parts were perfect. He could experience love and lust, but no woman could stomach looking at him or smelling him. He was truly a monster on the outside, but inside, he was a kind, intelligent person who experienced love. Compare him to Walter Sickert, the handsome artist who liked to draw fiendish portraits of mutilated women. He was handsome on the outside, all except for his genitalia. Cornwall explains in great detail the gruesome deformities that made it impossible for Sickert to consummate his love for women.  That deformity drove him to extreme rage against women. Thus, inside, Sickert was a more terrible monster than the Elephant Man, because he lusted to kill. He lusted for blood of innocent victims.  He was a killing type of monster who had a love for darkness and hideous thoughts. Cornwall was able to provide motive behind the Ripper's killing. There you have it....Cornwall painstakingly took many months to research this man of misery. She read countless letters of his, becuase Jack the Ripper loved to write and pen things down and he mailed alot of letters to Scotland Yard...mostly just to taunt them. All the brightest cops just couldn't put two and two together. Unfortunately for those women who were slashed by the Ripper, they could not be put together again ever again. It's a good book but got rather longish in the end. Still - a valiant effort written by a brilliant forensic scientist, Ms Patricia Cornwall.     