 This is the story of a genious who descended into madness and then resurrected himself back to the normal working world.  It is the story of Dr. John Nash, a Princeton Math Whiz-kid, who made a huge mathematics break-through with his work in Game Theory and it's applications to sociology and economics. Actor  Russie Crowe plays Dr. Nash brilliantly --- and his wife is played by the beautiful Jennifer Connley.       The movie starts at Princeton, where Nash meets his prodigal room mate, Charles - portrayed nicely by Chris Plummer. Nash developed a strong bond with his roomie, but they were never competitve in an academic sense.  Why? Because the prodigal room mate, Charles - was only a figment of Nash's schizophrenia and never exhisted!    Nash's life unfolds during this movie, and we are vexed by his visual and auditory hallucinations ---  that are nearly perfect.  One has to look closely to see where the visual hallucinations conflict with nature.... We come to understand Nash's intense paranoia, his delusions of grandiose as well as his delusions of persecution.  He begins to act very oddly in the presence of others and a kindly but stern psychologist is summoned to commit Dr. Nash to an Insane Asylum.  They take him away, kicking and screaming.   Nash is in denial and it is his wife, Jennifer Connley plays his wife, who has to deal the truth to him in the insane asylum. Nash undergoes insulin shock therapy, which was a dark stain upon our national mental health programs back in the day.  It was a barbaric therapy, but some people did get better after undergoing it.  Nash has some improvement in his schizoprenic symptoms and is discharged home with lots of pysychotropic medications. These pills contribute to his loss of mental concentration, and his abiltiy to respond to his beautiful wife's libido. Then he stops taking the pills and trouble ensues once again. Ed Harris plays another visual/auditory hallucination and the veiwer is second-guessing him....he plays a man in black from the FBI or the CIA....Mr. Parcher.  This leads to more paranoid schizophrenic behavior and self-mutilation.  In Nash's mind, he must rationalize all of this crazy behavior...he is brilliant enough to fool himself all over again, but he doesn't fool his wife or anyone else.    The story behind Dr. John Nash's mental illness helps to explain the social stigma associated with such a mental disorder and it also helps to build tolerance towards those persons who suffer from it.  It is a brilliant film that I showed to my first semester psych students, to help them learn about this important diagnosis in  mental illness, and to help them understand how a person with schizophrenia views the world.   This film also brilliantly conveys to the world that persons with  mental illnesses have the ability to conquer them - sometimes with unconventional methods - and to achieve great goals in life.  Dr. Nash did win the Nobel Prize for Mathematics in 1994 - a huge testament that through the power of LOVE and understanding - all great things in life are achievable.  It is a wonderful film to see if you are a person who truly desires to understand modern psychology.   Schizophrenia is a common disease that we see on a daily basis these days....anybody can get it at any time, if the conditions are "right."  All it is is a simple break with reality....and the chasm is ever expanding and enveloping.     