 The simple equation having only 5 symbols is deep in meaning. It took the genious of Einstein to put the equation together way back in 1905 - - - What E found was: Energy equals mass when you accelerate mass to the speed of light squared.  That's 670,000,000 mph times itself. C stands for 'celeritis' in latin and it means, 'swiftness.' C squared is 448,900,000,000,000,000 mph! No speedometer exists on Earth that can travel that fast! WOW! Einstein knew that energy could naturally transform itself into mass under specific and unique condtions. The equation was published in 1905 and essentially remained dormant and untested until the war. Then it became a horrifying reality that Einstein himself wished he never uncovered all those years ago. Other scientists converged their great minds together in a think tank called the Manhatten Projet, and the world changed for the worse --- upon their nuclear discoveries. Did Fat Boy really need to do what he did? NEVER!  THe controversy broils to this day. It is so strange to contemplate that in the pool of the most intelligent men on Earth, not a one of them was smart enough to forsee the evil that they created. Like the saying goes, "You can lead a man to wisdom, but you can't make him think." None of them thought about what this nuclear power could do when left in terrorist grips. This book tells the story behind the famous little equation. Einstein did play a part in developing nuclear arsonel, even though he later denied he encouraged it. Please see his letter to President FDR on pages 117 - 18. The reader is left to draw thier own conclusions on that.   Regardless of the controversy, I read this book and must give it my highest recommendations to all who ever wondered what this equation means.  It's deep but not complex. It's complex but not inaccessable by average minds. What's really chilling is reading what is not said in between the lines of this book. Could we have avoided the discovery of the Atomic bomb? Imagine our world without it.....and to think, the Germans weren't all that close to uncovering the secret behind the destruction. This is a good book about E = mc 2. Read it and learn that all discoveries have a dark side.     