 What sort of man publishes his life story with himself decked-out in a space suit, sitting on a recliner, sitting in the middle of Edwards Air Force Base? I'll tell ya, a real EgoManiac who is known as Steve Mule-Lame!  His book starts off very entertainingly enough, but wait until you reach page 37... page 37...watch out for page 37 - 'cuz that's when we learn of the author's unrestrained chauvanistic thought processes. Now I know why the book was on sale for 50% off! This is the point where I considered chucking the book out the window, but I reconsidered.  The "Mule" probably has some interesting details to share with us readers, so I took a deep breath and charged on.  I'm glad I did...there were many interesting stories about the Space Shuttle and the culture of the astronaughts at JSC(Johnson Space Center) where all missions are planned and observed.  We hear more acronyms that are thankfully explained in the glossary in the back.  Lord knows those astronaughts use them explicitly out of habit: Why haven't I personally visited the KSC (Kennedy Space Center) in Florida?  That sounds like a heck of a place; how I would love to see where all the blast-offs took place!  Mule-Lame has a rich space history and he has alot in common with the Right Stuff of men that preceeded him. Let's face it - to be an astronaught in the Gemini, Mecury, Apollo, and Space Shuttle era reguired a huge and massive EGO! These men experienced hugely important technical feats, but the most important decision they ever had to make was --- who would want to marry them and have their babies? The women behind these astronaughts are the real heros in my book.  Every day was a testament to their love of their man. They let their men play in the playground of big government; they allowed them ample time to fulfill the upper point of their personal and professional triangles of acheivement. They stayed home and raised the kids and kept the all-important flames of home and love burning. What a tremendous sacrifice on the part of the wives...I applaud their hard work. NASA owes each wife a huge and unpayable debt of gratititude.  The Mule goes on in his book to explain his 3 Shuttle missions and his decision to retire.  He now describes the modern young astronaught to be politically correct and ever-mindful of the sensitivities of people who are not born white, obnoxious and male -UGH!  The Mule does apologise profusely for his repeated Neanderthal comments and one-liners, but I advise the reader to wear your cringe helmet...you're going to use it alot in this book!    The way this book is going to be recieved, I think readers will eventually find it in the dollar discount bin, (those chauvanistic comments are pretty recurrent, I'm sorry to repeat, and none of them are funny.)  But you should buy this book and read it, especially since it's going to be a cheap buy.  The deepest question the book begs is-why the heck did the Mule even fly in the Shuttle program at all, being the sexist wise-cracker that he is?  He makes all women cringe in the wake of his sexist jokes, who wants to hear that sort of joking? I think it's all explained in team psychologoy - his crew mates must have needed his nervous banter, and his never-ending one-liners, some of which are funny at the right moment in time.   The Mule complains bitterly about his boss, Mr George Abbey and his supreme authority over the rocket jocks...nobody knew how Abbey put together his Shuttle teams...it was always a mysterious process....it left them all feeing helpless and out of control.  A process best dealt with at the Outpost Tavern, which grew to be a  popular astronaugt hang-out,located down the road from the JSC.  Many problems were discussed in that decrepit old shack over iced-cold beers and wobbly bar stools. If the place is still standing, I'd like to visit someday.  Or maybe the crew selection boiled down to the wives of the astronaughts and which wife was at the brink of choking her man. Old George Abbey would consider the lot of the wives and then make his mysterious selections.  This book did teach me alot about the shuttle program and it was an honest, (maybe too honest) book about a man who lived an incredibly exciting life. If you should see it hanging off the edge of the dollarama table at your local bookstore, go ahead and get it. I think you'll enjoy certain aspects of the book.         