 Beleive it or not, I was at the panel discussion at the LA Times Festival of Books at UCLA when I heard Mary Higgins Clark speak for my first time.  She discussed her newest book, "Two Little Girls in Blue" and I was embarrasssed to admit ---  I had never read any of Ms Higgins Clark's books before! Not a one! She talked first about how to write stories and gave us some real insight to this long drawn out and solitary process. The helpful things that she told her audience, in response to questions from her girl friend Kelly Lange, were topics related to how she actually sets to work in creating her famous novels. She told us what she thought were the 3 essential ingredients to novel writing...she said that the novel should hold the audience in suspense, it should cause the reader some worry, and occasionally a dash of humour to make the reader laugh --- if you have all three the story will be good.  MHC offered to us this advice as well; keep the story grounded and it will be very effective. MHC is a kind soul, with a sweet disposition, and she was most gracious and generous with her advice to us budding writers.  She then shared with us the premise to her novel, ("Two Little Girls in Blue"), which is twin telepathy.  Science has recently conducted studies in identical and non-identical twins which validate most of her ideas in her newest book.  I also read "Entwined Lives; Twins and what they tell us about human behavior" by Dr. Nancy Segal. I enjoyed this book - but never could I have imagined such an excellent story to spring from it's pages....MHC is truly a great storyteller! I loved this novel....it kept me up LATE last evening. A great book keeps me reading up to 2400 hours - MIDNIGHT - but last night, my eyes refused to stop rolling along the pages of Higgins Clark's mighty novel. I went well beyong midnight until the novel was finished! BOY! Was it late when I turned off my lamps late last night! I could not go to sleep until I read the final page...the story is engrossing, is suspenseful, is relatively logical and truthful and let me tell ya...those pages would not be stopped last evening!  I had to know what happened....and the ending will be savored by all who are encouraged hereforth, to read this exciting novel.  I highly recommend this book to any person who enjoys a good read.....third person point of view worked very smoothly for this type of story.  I also highly recommend you see MHC and her daughter, Carol - if they happen to be on book tour in your town.  They are both a delight, they are very genuine, hard-working and disciplined women!  I hope they both keep writing novels for a long time to come!      