 Admit it, you've wondered how great artists like Vincent Van Gogh came up with all his brightly colored paintings, with brush strokes as thick as tiles.  "Cafe Terrace at Night" is one such work of superb inspiration. Or maybe you are driving in your car, feeling anxious about a confrontation at home or at work that will occur minutes ahead, and a Led Zepplin song comes on the radio - you crank it up and suddenly --- you are no longer feeling fragile -- the music of the Zep affects your brain state in a way that makes you feel a lion! Your mood has been transformed by the hard driving rock music and off you go...no longer the sheep, but the lion king! I have often contemplated what drives artists to create the beautiful works that they do.... Are there really such things as Muses that wander around the Earth, selectively choosing one person to create a great Rock Ballad while picking someone else to compose a classic painting? Do the Muses care who is the ballerina as opposed to who works in a coal mine all day long?  God must have a hand in distributing the 'gift' does He not? What drives a person to become artistic? What are the forces behind the artists of our times? This wonderful book attempts to explain where the drive to write arises, and it is within our own 3 pound brains. Dr. Alice Flaherty pinpoints the location of inspiration to be somewhere in the Limbic System -- between the hypothalmus and temporal lobes.  Somewhere that we deeply experience pleasure and displeasure. Why study creative forces? Some artists feel we should leave it alone; that looking to closely could possibly render it extinct. But the author and I have this agreement - "Creativity is too important a phenomenon that we cannot afford not to study it." The author readily discloses her mental health history, with tragedies revealed that lend her theories much credence. She has her internal scars that may initially be invisible to you and I, but after reading this brilliant book, we conclude that she still does require further intensive care and attention. No, she is not psychotic, but is in a suspended state of grieving, and this book may have helped her heal a great deal. She admits that her altered (depresssed) psychic state plunged  her  into the state of 'hypergraphia' or the need to write down thoughts in order to communicate an important idea and perhaps these ideas may change our world in positive ways. She cites many poets, behaviorists and scientists along the way, and sometimes the intellectualism gets rather deep.  It's dry in some pasages, but be patient and stick it out.  Because when the author comes up for air, and regains her stride,  we are rewarded for sticking through the reading with passages from poems that are jewels. Take Donald Justice's poem, "The Telephone Number of the Muse." It's just breathtaking.... "I call her up sometimes, long distance now. And she still knows my voice, but I can hear, Behind the music of her phonograph, The laughter of the young men with their keys. I have the number written down somewhere...." This is a captivating book - read it and discover why you read and why you  ought to read this interesting book. I think I know who the Muse is....it's metaphoric for our inner child.  The person within ourselves that longs for recognition, and an audience who showers us with appreciation. My Muse loves to play hide and seek, and wouldn't you know....it is the favorite game of all Muses?     