 Willie Nelson once said, "I've always believed that the most important people on the planet are the ones who plant the seeds and care for the soil where they grow" Willie is the founder of FARMAID, a grass-roots organization that is trying to keep family farms intact and move away from factory or industrialization of farming.  Farming is one of the hardest businesses to profit from, especially if you're out there all alone.  A family can raise acres and acres of golden wheat and then have a natural disaster like a hail-storm or severe winds come in a week before harvest and wreck the whole operation. Many families have held farms in their families for generations, only to loose them in a forclosure event due to some unfair farming laws. WIllie and friends have gone in front of the US Congress to change those laws and try to protect the small,independant guys and their farms from the bank.  WIllie Nelson grew up pickin' cotton in the back rows of his family farm in Abbott, Texas.  His backyard consisted of acre upon acre of waving fields of corn, hay and cotton fields.  It was home to furry friends such as jackrabbits, deer, cattle, horses and hogs and chickens.  Willie worked hard in those fields when he was just a squirt; he discovered first-hand the value of hard work.  He also discovered that playing guitar and singing was a heck of alot easier to do than farming! BUT farming is a cause he chose to go back to protect and preserve.......it's in his heart.  THis book goes on to explain the FARMAID concerts that have occurred over the past 20 years.  Friends of Willie's that have lent a helping hand include - John Mellencamp, Neil Young, Dave Matthews, John Fogerty and Kidd Rock along with hundreds of other artists. THere are over 300 artists that have played live at a FARMAID concert, not even accepting payment for basic things such as transportation to the venue. Emmy Lou Harris is another such artist, as is Sheryl Crow, Martina McBride, Axel Rose from Guns & Roses, Julio Iglaseis, Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Paycheck, Carole King, Los Lonely Boys and many, many others have lent their voices to the cause.  This book goes on to explain in depth what Certified Organic foods means and it discusses the history of farming in America. Understanding farm policy is an important legal overview of what has befallen the American Farmer.  Consequences of Industrial Agriculture is explained in section 4 and finally, the GOOD FOOD movement is elaborated up in the 5th section of this book.  The book contains many beautiful color images of the farms of America and also the many famous stars who come out and perform at FARMAID concerts.  It is well thought out, and very well organized.  I loved this book so much because it is changing me and how I view my food selections.  What I chose to eat and feed my family is very important to me in these days of stress and communicable diseases.  I want to ensure the best possible nutrition for myself and my family. They are the most important thing to me and their health and well-being is first-most in my mind and in my heart.  Read this book from cover to cover and you will begin to understand the message contained within. It's a message of health, hope and compassion.  I wish I could buy every family in this nation this wonderful book....it is a true FIVE STAR reading!!!!  "What you choose to eat can helpl change the world, and as the chef Alice Waters likes to point out: THIS REVOLUTION TASTES GOOD!"   Introduction paragraph, page xv FARMAID 2005     