 Yes, indeed.....after listening carefully to the "Long Road Home" I have reached the conclusion that it exceeds the content of both Chronicle versions.  I wish I could give it a 100 *** Star Review!  Excellent CD! Not to say that the CCR Chronicles were wanting for anything...They are awesome collections of all things CCR, but with the complete "Long Road Home" collection ---- it is inclusive of all things John Fogerty, including 4 bonus tracks of newly unreleased material (concert versions) well...it exceeds all.  Interesting that Fogerty has to light the tall candle of Creedence/Fogerty lore with "Born on the Bayou." ya got to love it - if you are a true blue fan, you will understand his logic.  Following the Bayou song are the top ten CCR/Fogerty hits....all sounding so refreshing in their NEW song ORDER... GOTTA LOVE THAT NEW SONG SELECTION!!!!  I love the "Almost Saturday Night" live version on this new CD. It has more spank and polish than the original, and I like it like it's a completely new song! Same goes for the incomparable "Keep on Chooglin" LOVE the intro speed guitar work - really good, very fast, but also having a melody to it, not just being fast for fast's sake.  'Rockin all over the World" live is actually much better than the original recorded version done so many moons ago, when Fogerty was toiling away with his solo efforts. His new band has enlivened the music as well as the master in ways difficult to explain, but fun to listen to and explore! Way to go, JF BAND!!!!! Wuuuuuuuuuu!!!  "Fortunate Son" is one song that I love wrapped in it's original  skins; the live version is also a goodie, but the original one has so much angst in it ---- it's hard to duplicate that type of energized anger....Fogerty is sometimes able to top himself...but it's not the rule, if you catch my drifting.  It's interesting that Fogerty included "Fortunate Son" both versions on this important CD...it works like a magic charm. What's the artist trying to say anyhow?  HA HA  Bet cha don't know...."Deja Vu" is placed at slot # 20...right in between "Green River" which sounds so awesome still and "Run Through the Jungle."  "Hot Rod Heart" comes in at numero 22 --- a nice spot for it's warm message and then comes along the "Travelin Band" and all that powerful screaming that I love.  "Proud Mary" is not the final song of the CD, and I wonder, still I wonder, how come I LOVE and ADORE and listen so attentively to this little gem even after all these years? Because it still ranks NUMBER ONE in my mind!!!! Impossible to top that song, except for "Centerfield" comes pretty dang close....("Centerfield" is number 3 in order.)  What a beautiful song "Proud Mary" is ---and it does sound FRESH and CLEAR..... LAST song, but not the least of all, is "Fortunate Son" the live version.   It's got a magazine stock full of anti-war sentiment, but remember...... John Fogerty loves our Soldiers in the war in Iraq.......He cares about them. He was once one of them - after all.  And he cares so deeply that they all come home alive and well......I hope all US Vets get the treat and the God's loving blessings to come home and take a listen to this great American songwriter and singer and guitarist, John Fogerty.  YES - indeed the journey for our hero has been a long and difficult one, but feeling the joy of being HOME.... HOME once again...has got to be the sweetest.  Get this CD if you don't already have it...it's a great collector's copy and makes a great Christmas stocking stuffer to boot!!!        