 We waited 50 long years and finally, somebody who values the TRUTH has spoken out and tells it the way it was in Roswell, New Mexico, on the night of July 4th, 1947 --- IT CAME OUT OF THE SKY!  Possibly downed by the super-high voltage lightning storms of NM, this alien mother ship crashed and changed our quality of living when humans scavenged thier technology by reverse engineering of it's technology into our modern high tech gadgets. Lieutenant colonel Philip J. Corso, (R) a distinguished member of Pres Eisenhowe'rs National Security Council and former head of the Foreign Technology Desk at the US Army's Research & Development Deptpartment, has come forward to tell the world what really happened in Roswell so many moons ago. He was a hard -working soldier, who had a high code of honor and valor.  He is a believer in the truth, and through the Freedom of INformation Act, he decided to publish his spin on the story. It is a startling story, but told in a way that smacks of the truth.  The Gov stashed the truth from an inquiring public, because they didn't want the nation to spin in fright about non-friendly aliens who had hositle intentions against us. For example, cow mutilations, human abductions with subsequent probing type experimentation, UFO Power beams that knocked out power and endangered human space flight in the 60's. All this sounds too fantastic to be true, but the author tells it like it was just another day on the job. One question he does not answer, however, is WHY DID THE ALIENS SUDDENLY GO AWAY?  Why are we dismantling our massive nuclear arsenal today if we still feel a threat from the little green people?  Actually, Col. Corso does not feel these alien beings are actual living organisms, but rather, they are a genetically altered humanoid automatron; which are the result of cloning of humans from our very own Earth! They are some freakish hybred being that is comprised of cloned human parts, and a stem cell here and tucked there. It's not really fully explained what he thinks the dead aliens are...they were a life form however, and when they crash-landed in Roswell, they 'died.'  But they had no way to eat or obtain sustenance, or eliminate bodily wastes.  The spaceship itself had no engine, no navigation system, no fuel, no control system and no propulsion that was obvious to any scientist who studied it.  It remains one of the biggest technological mysteries --- even today.  The technology of the alien spacecraft is still very advanced compared to all the inventions we gleaned from the crash vehicle.  It is housed in a secret bedroom at Norton Airforce Base in California, but you and I will never get to peek at it! So, it gathers dust. The author claims that Astronaut Neil Armstrong had reported seein an alien base on the moon during the Apollo 11 flyover and landing....of course, NASA won't admit to it because it's being treated as a matter of national security.  No wonder Armstrong has never published his book on his lunar landing....or maybe it's (secretly) written already and is waiting on a shelf at his home and upon his death, it will be released to the world - the real facts of what he witnessed on the moon. That's what military folks do...the live, they keep horrid secrets and then they see the end of their lives around the corners and they publish their life story. Nobody can persecute a dead man, after all... Other pilots and astronauts also made similar claims of seeing UFOs in their trainging or military flights, but no one responded to their claims. THe sad reality is that anyone making such outlandish claims is immediately labled a nutcase - or they are accused of having a mental breakdown.  We are we so eager to discount reality?  I think it's far more dangerous to deny what thousands of UFO witnesses have sworn testimony to.  Aliens are out there. The last portion of this book deals with two famous geniouses, THomas Edison and Nikola Tesla, who created many world shaking inventions such as electricity and televsion and radio.   Corso also reveals how he seeded modern industries with the basis of revolutionary inventions gleaned from the Roswell crash that eventually led to discoveries like integrated circuit chips fiber optics lasers super tenacity fibers  and eventually computers. One day we will have to come to terms with the absolute truth about aliens and our planet, and the planet they hail from.  It may be a time of extreme worry and fear.  But we have reached milestones with inventions and we can continue to conquer any threat that comes to our attentions.  Finally, we can join together as one world and defend our right to live free.   Thank you, Colonel Corso, for writing a risky book that some call a fraud but most dare to believe. There is no reason whatsoever for this man to embellish, there is nothing to gain by telling fairy tales. SO - based on this> > >  choose to believe.     