 Alan Shepard was the first American man in space - this occured on May 5th, 1961 with John F. Kennedy in office.  I find it amazing that it took 43 long years to finally get some semblence of the affair in writing.  Well, like the old saying goes - better late than never. Author, Neal Thompson did an excellent job of explaining the growing up years of one of the most famous aviators in the world, Alan B. Shepard.  He was courageous enough to print the truth about the man who was supremely confident in his physical as well as intellectual abilities.  But all great men have their downfalls, as is well-documented in this book. The first man in space may have only been up there for 15 minutes, but it was this brief shining moment of accurate performing that launched the legend that is Alan Shepard.  He conquered Meniere's disease by having to first conquer and overcome his (bogus) Christian Science faith - - - and - - - no surprise, he was cured under the famous healing hand of Dr. House in Los Angeles.   I was intrigued to discover he almost commanded Apollo 13, but was reassigned to the next mission instead, due to preparation contingencies.  This decision saved Shepard the near-disasterous mission that we know occured on Apollo 13 - what a close call! Shepard always did display this lucky streak that never stopped. He also might have been up on Apollo 1 - but his ear problem started around that time and he was grounded. It's as if a higher power was looking out for him and doing creative things to keep Shepard alive and well. His ride was on Apollo 14; he was the commander and he did another perfect job, what else is new?  What else did we expect from Alan Shepard? His wife, Louise stood by his side, in good times and in bad for 50 years - she had a lot of competition out there with the Rocket groupies.  Not to mention the stress of living with a high risk occupation. But he always managed to call her at 5:00pm most nights, except for those times he was staying at the Apollo Motel # 14. This book was so interesting and mesmerizing - I read it non-stop for 2 days.....all 399 pages of it. I could not put it down - I even drug it to work with me today. There are some nice photographs in there, but I would like to see about 1000 more of the life and times of Alan Shepard. Some people are born to live lives of extreme risk, challenge  and unbelievable success.....and the rest of us can only imagine what it must have felt like to be in their shoes. Shepard's life was very exciting indeed, and I wonder why on Earth did it take 43 years for this wonderful book to be published?  THe truth may be a painful and bitter thing to taste, but it's the way things panned out in real life. They had a huge ego and they stroked that ego one times too many.  Why do risk takers take so many risks?  Well, I suppose it comes with the territory of being a risk taker in the first place. TODAY ---All of our famous Apollo astronaughts are aging; many have passed on to the big rocket ship in the sky, so reading about these incredible men and the incredible lives they lived is a real treat for all persons who wonder about such immense challenges.  It is my sincere hope that all of them have books published about their biographies...they have lived and dared to fulfill outrageous dreams.  THey are what make this country great in the eyes of the universe. Before long, the Apollo moon walkers will be gone from the face of this beautiful blue Earth. We need to know them - at least by biographies - we need to hear thier stories and understand their feelings before their ultimate count-down to zero is counted. Please read this book!  It's an excellent book! It's the year 2004 and I can now say I know alot more about this man that held the facination of millions.....Alan Shepard - he was a great man who did great things, and lived life to the fullest possible.     