 Since Microsoft's ascendance to the top in the software industry, Bill Gates has always maintained that the company would never become another IBM but is Microsoft slowly trudging toward that path? David Banks tackles this question as he takes us inside Microsoft when it encountered its most significant inflection point of late - it's identity crisis in the middle of an antitrust trial.   On one end of the spectrum are the Windows hawks who steadfastly maintain that Microsoft continue to build its product initiatives around the flagship product and on the other, the Internet doves who believe a shift is required. Interestingly, if Microsoft sided with the doves there wouldn't have been an antitrust trial.  Not unlike other companies, a lot of vetting is done by Microsoft over strategic decisions. An example of which was the response to Judge Jackson's request to decouple IE from Windows. In this case, Bill, err Microsoft decided to risk contempt of court in favor of programmatical correctness.  The book ultimately begs the question, "If Microsoft were to side with the Internet doves then what would the profit-making strategy be?" Sure there is a lot of clamor to adopt open standards which will generate a lot of goodwill however, this doesn't do anything in terms of providing actual revenue. Imagine Sun charging people for using Java or the Linux community charging for Linux and you would get my point.   If an embrace of the open-source movement is done, the customers will indeed win but this would also signify a commoditization of the software industry i.e. each solution has become generic and indistinguishable from all the others. I believe this is what Gates is fighting tooth and nail to prevent. This year's release of Vista gives us a clue who continues to call the shots at Microsoft, Chief Software Architect position notwithstanding. Gates is right but only because of the dearth of other viable profit-making alternatives.   Meanwhile in a warehouse far, far away...     