 Michael Lewis' interest covering outliers (trailblazers later) brings him to the land of baseball, where the old guard is well entrenched and the barriers to entry of new philosophies high.  In the middle of it all is the Oakland A's manager Billy Beane, the strongest proponent of statistics-based evaluation of players (a.k.a "Moneyball"). Ironically, Beane's baseball career is Exhibit A of the foibles of the "if it stands like a ball player, looks like a ball player then it is a baseball player" school of baseball thought.  The central theme of this book is not at all new as Bill James published his theories of sabermetrics way back in 1977. However, this has only been recently been put to practice not only by the A's but the Dodgers (ex-GM Paul de Podesta), Blue Jays (JP Ricciardi) - Beane disciplies all.  The theory is quite interesting as it attempts not to reverse but to extend current baseball thought. ERA for instance, long held as the metric for which pitchers are judged, is not that accurate as it may be padded by inherited runs. A more apt metric is the no. of home runs, strikeouts and walks (not hits) - stats that a pitcher has direct control over. The book provides quite a convincing argument as to why the no. of hits given up by the pitcher are not influenced by factors other than, get this - LUCK!  Batters on the other hand should be judged by one stat alone - On Base Percentage (OBP). The book provides a good argument as to why steals, sacrifice bunts and flies are anathema to winning baseball.  All in all, Billy Beane's practices do end up making winning teams out of a limited budget but up to a certain extent only as former diamonds in the rough tend to command large free agent contracts thereafter and the GM has to rebuild from scratch. I'd characterize it more as the art of treading water with a limited budget as it still needs a large financial commitment from the ownership to create dynasties.   It would be interesting to see the Yankees employ Moneyball for the moneyed. Still, if all of baseball would finally get it then we're back to square one - being that money-laden teams having the advantage.     