 Too few people here (or anywhere) seem to realize the significance of this book and how terribly accurate it truly is.  All of it.  From beginning to end.  On thing that bothers me:  I keep seeing the phrase "dark humor" used to describe it but I found "Nickel and Dimed" to be brutally honest and if anything, understated.  Since it describes my existence so very truly that it's scary, I find it very hard to find the humor in this.  I repeat:  This is my life.  Even though I'm capable of making more than $7 per hour, $10 - $13 per hour isn't much better in a world where having cable and Internet and phone service is the norm (we chose internet over cable, thank you very much for asking).  The intimidation, the "don't talk to anyone", the low wages, the beating self-esteem takes on a daily basis in the name of feeding your family.  The idiocy that did actually cause someone to complain and did end up with me being fired just because I was the one polite enough (read: dumb enough) to give the complainer my name. (Thank God I actually had a second job or we'd be homeless).  There's a list of questions at the end of the book and one of them states:  Elrehreich is white and middle class.  She asserts that her experience would have been radically different had she been a person of color or a single parent.  Do you think discrimination shaped Ehrenreich's story?  In what ways?  Yes, discrimination shaped her story and I'll tell you how:  She actually got called BACK for a couple of the jobs she applied for.  And the people on the floor were willing to talk to her not treat her like a pariah.  Also, when she was addressed she didn't hear "Wassup!" instead of "Hello" or "You GO GIRL!" with sadly inflected emphasis instead of "Good job".  She experienced a bit of sexism and didn't even realize it, or maybe she did.  Did you notice that every job she took was populated by women but every last one of the supervisors were men?  White men on top of that?  Had she been a single parent, she would have taken the $10 gig without a second thought and found someone in the neighborhood to watch her kid and hope they weren't a crackhead or worse, however some of the best house cleaners and babysitters during the day are crackheads at night and it does not interfere with the quality of their work, I will give them their due.  I'm glad she wrote it but do I think it will change anything?  No.  People see what they want to see and they will never see poor people as anything but the dirt under their feet (and could you hurry and clean that please?)  By the by, she could have gotten work as a customer service rep or telemarketer, gotten paid $10- $13 per hour, would have been treated just as badly and would have gotten the same info.  You can be just as blue collar sitting behind a desk as the waitresses, janitors and floor staff at Wal-Mart.  All those customer service representatives all of you reading this just LOVE to curse out on the phone?  Well don't.  Because they're people too whether you can see them or not.  And if you read this book, well then you really have no excuse because you should know better.  I'll give her five stars for just for living it and putting it out there, which is more than I expect from most white folks to begin with.  You go girl.     