 There is a reason why this version of A CHRISTMAS CAROL is considered by almost everyone to be the definitive version. It is not because of great special effects or production values (at least, not if we are to judge by the crew member whom we glimpse briefly in the mirror in Scrooge's bedroom near the end). It is not because it is the most faithful adaptation of Dickens, nor because of any visual splendor, nor because it is the most "fun" version for a family curl up with on Christmas Eve. It is because of Alastair Sim's magnificent, endearing portrayal of Ebenezer Scrooge. Sim makes Scrooge a three-dimensional person, not a cardboard cutout. He imbues the character with depth and richness, from his bitterness towards the world to his horror upon meeting the ghosts to his giddy euphoria on Christmas day. Sim was primarily a comic actor, and it shows; he makes Scrooge hilariously funny at times (such as, ironically, during Marley's death scene). Scrooge's transformation at the end is utterly believable because Sim throughout the film lets us see glimpses of the goodness and good humor that have been buried in Scrooge's heart for so many years by bitter experience and which are just waiting to come out. That scene where Scrooge joyfully scampers about the room after awakening from his dream is absolutely cathartic in Sim's hands.  All right, maybe I have slighted the other components of the film. It presents the true, bleak Dickensian vision of Victorian London; it is as far from a "picture postcard" CHRISTMAS CAROL as you can get. It is amazingly economical, compressing the story into barely 90 minutes and presenting it in a bare, brisk, unsentimental fashion, almost like a gritty documentary. There is real horror and dread in this movie (one example: when Scrooge ascends the staircase in his house) and I can just imagine how frightening these moments must have been on the big screen. All the embellishments to the Dickens story are entirely apt. And it boasts a fine musical score by Richard Addinsell, which is now available on CD. Treat yourself this Christmas to the definitive version of A CHRISTMAS CAROL (and in the original black and white, please; this is one of those movies that color absolutely ruins).     