 I first heard DIALOGUES DES CARMELITES on a Metropolitan Opera broadcast. Having already been a Poulenc fan, I naturally fell in love with the opera's lovely musical idiom - French DOUCEUR blended with Stravinskian bite and religious or ecclesiastical elements - before I knew the characters or the details of the plot. While the opera does drag in spots, the electrifying and stoic final scene - in which the laicized nuns are led to the guillotine - more than compensates.  DIALOGUES is a refreshing opera, partly because of its story. We can see the "religious intolerance" theme play itself out countless times in plays, movies, etc. It is interesting once in a while to find a story about the opposite evil - secular intolerance towards religion. The DIALOGUES libretto, adapted from a play by French Catholic author Georges Bernanos, imbues a true historical event with contemporary resonance (think of such 20th-century atheistic regimes as Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia) in a way that reminds me of Miller's THE CRUCIBLE.  There are only two major recordings of this opera: the 1957 version with the original Paris cast, (led by Denise Duval and Regine Crespin), and the present one. I haven't heard the earlier recording, but after hearing the more recent one I would say that we will not be in need of a new version for some time. Kent Nagano makes this music sound positively luminous. Every orchestral color in Poulenc's delicate palette, every note in his harmonically rich, organ-like textures can be clearly heard. (The misty, magical orchestral interludes are truly things to savor in this performance.) Each member of the all-Francophone cast is excellent, right down to the singer portraying the jailer. As the heroine, Blanche, Catherine Dubosc  displays a consistently attractive, innocent tone, with a pallor that is appropriate for this character. Rachel Yakar as Madame Lidoine and Martine Dupuy as Mere Marie give strong, declamatory performances - though both singers' high notes sound forced or strained. Michel Senechal has a lovely, nasal tenor voice for the role of the chaplain. One complaint regarding the acoustic: occasionally, voices sound pushed behind the orchestra, rendering them hardly audible.   If you would like to experience an accessible, approachable 20th-century opera, look no further than Poulenc's DIALOGUES OF THE CARMELITES.       