 When I first started watching this documentary, I found it so obnoxious and unrelievedly dull that I was discouraged from continuing. Here were a bunch of know-it-all scholars, all of whom seemed to slant to the left and viewed Christianity as an engaging myth and Christ as a sort of socio-political hero. (Just look at the title, whereby it implies that Jesus was just a village carpenter who was deified after his death.) But as I progressed to the later parts, including the one about the composition of the Gospels, my interest was captured and I learned quite a bit. Yes, this film is strictly from a historical/anthropological perspective, and I don't think any religious viewpoints are represented. But even a believing Christian of any denomination (I happen to be a Catholic) could learn something from this video. But I stand firm on the absolute DULLNESS and monotony of the background music.  Some of the comments made on this page distress me, and I would like to react to a few of them.  To the reviewer who commented on how the gospels reveal that "loving God there is no need of a church or clergymen". I would respond to him that one can read anything into the gospel that one wants to, and one can twist it to conform to one's own pre-existing ideology. It is in age-old church tradition, and not in new-fangled re-interpretations of Christianity, that the truth is to be found.  To Ian Noble, who referred to those of us who object to certain elements of this film as "religious facatics": I would caution him against casually bandying about such a strong epithet. Those who hold to traditional beliefs regarding Jesus Christ are not "religious fanatics".   Fundamentalists and those who "take the Bible literally" are not the only ones who will object to certain elements of this film. I am a Catholic, and I disagreed with it in points. And to Riad from Sacramento: Why is it that traditional church beliefs about Jesus are "filtered interpretations" of the Bible, whereas secular interpretations are not?  Finally, I wish people would stop thinking that there is some "institutionalized Christian church". There is no such one church. There are different churches - the Catholic, the Orthodox, and the Protestant denominations.     