 1776 has generated both positive and negative criticism. Some have said that the songs are corny. I actually think that the songs are much better than they are often given credit for. They are quite marvelous little numbers, tuneful and cleverly crafted, and they deliver a lot of historical background in a diverting manner. (Okay, I think "The Egg" seriously needs a few rewrites, but apart from that the score is wonderful.) The composer incorporated some 18th-century gestures and orchestration (harpsichord, basso continuo) as well, and this adds to the period flavor. It is interesting that in this musical the songs, with one or two exceptions, do not move the plot forward but rather function as a kind of respite from the intense debate scenes. I believe the show could work well without the songs as a straight play. But the creators of this show understood that dramatic tension cannot be sustained forever. You must have a respite - some music, something lighter, some comic relief, perhaps. I consider the best songs to be the rousing introductory number "Sit down, John", "Mama, look sharp" (a very touching kind of frontier folk song), and the Tory Dickinson's brilliant satirical number "Cool, cool considerate men". I am infuriated that they deleted the latter song from the movie version of 1776. What were they thinking? This is the best thing in the show!  Anyway, now I must get down to talking about the performances, and in several cases they are not satisfactory. As John Adams, William Daniels continues the grand old Broadway tradition of male leads who are not trained singers (eg. Robert Preston, Rex Harrison, Jack Klugman) and to his credit he manages to create a sharply ethced character with his willful, strident nasal voice. Similarly, the vocal quality of the actors playing Franklin, Jefferson, and Dickinson are about what you might expect from Broadway performers who can't sing and whom nobody expects to be able to sing. But wouldn't it be nice to assemble a cast that actually had good singing voices? I saw a community theater production where the actor playing Dickinson was a trained singer and had a voice A HUNDRED times superior to the fellow on this recording. The two women, the actor playing Richard Henry Lee, and the soloist in "Momma, look sharp" are the good singers in the batch. But the other guys - why anyone would actually want to listen to these guys croak these songs out is beyond me. I'd be interested in hearing the 1997 revival recording.     