 "A Passage for Trumpet" is my favorite TWILIGHT ZONE epsiode of all. Authored by Rod Serling, it is the story of a depressed, alcoholic jazz musician who commits suicide and is given a second chance in that famed "middle ground between science and superstition". I am a huge fan of Jack Klugman, and "A Passage for Trumpet" is a prime example of this great character actor's talent. Klugman uses his expressive, "oddly intense" face and his inimitable way with language to draw us into the life of this sad, tormented character. His "But when I'm drunk..." monologue is beautifully delivered. One must also admire Klugman's excellent miming of the trumpet playing: he moves his lips and body with the swelling of the music so that one can hardly tell he is not really playing the instrument. The performances of Klugman and of John Anderson as a certain musical stranger raise this episode to the level of a masterpiece, as does its visual inventiveness: I would particularly point out the various metaphors for "passage", the mirror trick (where Joey fails to see his reflection), and the visual puns inherent in the ceiling lamps and in the name of the whiskey bottle in the bar (drinking and playing the trumpet are interchanged in this episode). Although it could be thought of as Serling's version of IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE, the episode has a mood all its own, consistently gentle and poetic.   "The Four of Us Are Dying", also written by Serling, concerns a man who can assume the face and identity of other men; his  deceptions and toying with others' emotions eventually trap him. This film noir-like episode may require a second viewing to fully absorb it (as it did for me). It is nevertheless a fine episode involving interesting themes such as the various "faces" we show to people. The percussive, angular musical score is by Jerry Goldsmith and perfectly complements the story. If there is anything that ties these two ZONES together - besides that they are both superb - then it must be the nocturnal, urban setting, the jazz musical scores, and the theme of "ghosts" returning to former haunts. This tape is a winner all around.     