 My intention is to review not the book as a whole but to focus in on chap. 2, "The New Music". Tame's analysis of 20th-century classical music is completely one-sided, with examples carefully selected to support his point of view. Here's his view briefly summed up: All 20th-century music is a heap of unholy garbage. The problem is that he focuses only on the most avant-garde and radical composers (Schoenberg, Cage etc.) Where do composers such as Bartok, Prokofiev, or Messiaen fit in his analysis? They receive no mention. For Tame, the 20th century was simply a diabolical parade starting with Debussy and ending with cacophonous rock. I agree completely with Tame that atonality and other radical developments are unhealthy and anti-musical; but there is more to 20th-century music than the ten most avant-garde composers! In a false dichotomy, he places the avant-gardists on one hand and on the other hand such unabashed traditionalists and romanticists as Rachmaninoff and Vaughan Williams, whom he absolutely adores. In short, his picture of music in the 20th century is skewed and dishonest. Yes, great music was produced by Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, and all the old masters of western music. But great music was also produced in the 20th century - music of emotional depth, intellectual acuity, and (often strange) beauty. So Tame does not care for 20th-century music. Fine; but why does he have to smear all of it with a kind of moral depravity?  Many of Tame's conclusions are wild, and some are positively bogus - none more so than those concerning one of the founders of modernism, Igor Stravinsky. For example, his assertion that Stravinsky had a lot in common with the rock-and-roll culture because of his "degenerative" lifestyle.  Can we have some evidence to back up this assertion?! Pretty soon he's ridiculously comparing poor Igor to the Rolling Stones. Again, Tame concentrates only on Stravinsky's most radical (for its time) work: THE RITE OF SPRING. Tame seems to think that this is the only thing Stravinsky wrote and focuses on it to the exclusion of all his other music - an attitude I associate with the musically unsophisticated. What about an assessment of Stravinsky's later music, which shows a strain of conservatism and a concern for the musical values which Tame upholds? There is a real difference between the Stravinsky of THE RITE OF SPRING and the Stravinsky of the SYMPHONY OF PSALMS; but in his desire to paint him as a barbarian radical, Tame neglects to give a textured picture. In addition, Tame's statement on p. 97 that Stravinsky touched virtually all of the "New Music" styles is very misleading; to my knowledge, he did not turn late in life to computer music! Stravinsky's religious faith and his general classical Christian outlook get no mention. And pardon me for mentioning it, but anyone who thinks OEDIPUS REX is mockery of opera is not playing with a full deck of cards. Can anyone take this author seriously?  I think we have serious reason to doubt the musical expertise of a writer who writes the following phrase: "[The music of THE RITE OF SPRING] reaches such a crescendo of hedonistic abandonment..." Anyone with a high school education and/or an elementary musical training knows that a crescendo is a climax, not the building to a climax. Please, savor that marvelous little sentence. It tells us a lot about the author.     