 George Weigel's THE COURAGE TO BE CATHOLIC remains just as relevant today as it was when it was first published in the midst of the clergy abuse crisis in 2002. Although the priestly crisis is the focus of the book, it touches universal themes of reform in Catholicism. All Catholics interested in a faithful and authentically Catholic reform of the Church should read Weigel, who is one of America's strongest Catholic voices. The negative reviews posted here show how shrill and inarticulate the secular enemies of the Church and their friends in the "progressive" camp of Catholics have become. We have seen Weigel given meaningless political labels like "neo-conservative" and a "papal loyalist" (in what sense is every Catholic NOT a papal loyalist?). We have read that Weigel's name should be "weasel" because he favors a theological and spiritual approach to the crisis. We have read that Pope John Paul II was a corrupt power-monger and that priests should be castrated. And perhaps most inane of all, we have read that the book is an attempt to "whitewash" the Church's responsibility in the crisis. In all of these comments we see either a misunderstanding of Catholicism, a hatred of Catholicism, or - more to the point - a failure to read Weigel's book. Weigel is adamant in condemning the failures of certain members of the Church's leadership in handling the crisis, both among the American leadership and in the Vatican. (Read his strong indictment of Cardinal Dario Castrillon Hoyos on pages 132-33.) But a serious work of scholarship inquires into the root causes of events. Weigel finds the causes in the distorted view of the priesthood that took shape among some people after Vatican II as well as in a "culture of dissent" which sought to undermine the Church's teaching authority. Wanting to appease Catholics who wanted a less "authoritarian" Church, some bishops started acting more like managers than pastors and authoritative teachers. Some here have complained that Weigel has blamed the crisis on everyone else, especially secular culture. But the fact is that the poisonous sexual and intellectual revolutions (ie. deconstructionism) of the late 1960's WERE a contributing factor in the crisis. Just as the Church sought to open a two-way dialogue with the modern world, the modern world was going off the deep end and was not interested in hearing the message of the Church. The results of all these factors were lax seminaries, bishops who failed to exercize proper "headship", and priests who hideously disfigured their iconic resemblence to Christ by committing loathsome sins against innocent children (among other sexual sins).  Weigel outlines a program of reform on all fronts, including the seminaries, the episcopate, and Vatican/American Church relations. Ultimately, the failures of the priesthood and the Church leadership in the crisis was a crisis of FIDELITY to core principles of Catholicism. Only a return to the lofty iconic conception of the priesthood and more radical fidelity from all in the Church - clergy and laity - will put the Church right again.  A note on style: Either Weigel or his editors have an annoying habit of italicizing the names of books of the Bible, which I don't think is correct. If they have not already done so, they should correct this, as well as numerous punctuation errors, for future editions.     