 What a delightful comedy! Willie Clark and Al Lewis are two elderly former vaudevillians who try to reunite for a television special. But while they were famous together in their day as the Sunshine Boys, the two men never got along - their differences having been exacerbated by Al's retiring and leaving Willie out on a limb. The resulting comic conflict and hilarious dialogue form much of the comedy. There are a few secrets to this work. Ironically, Willie's and Al's actual interaction in real life is infinitely funnier than their stale comedy act. Furthermore, the play itself is structured like a giant vaudeville routine, with sight gags, non-stop side-splitting one-liners, and a straight man (Willie's nephew Ben). Al's admission at the end that he can't distinguish them from their act is very telling! Finally, like all great comedies, SUNSHINE BOYS has a strain of seriousness, in the form of Willie's surprising and sudden illness in the middle of the play. This poignant note stays until the touching conclusion.  As Willie, Walter Matthau has the kvetchy old man routine down to a fine art. Although occasionally Matthau's body movements betray that he is not really as old as he is made up to be (he was 56 and Willie is supposed to be in his 70's), in terms of voice and characterization he is perfect. While Jack Benny and George Burns would have been the ideal coupling (as they were both former vaudeville comedians, just like Willie and Al), I find it hard to imagine Benny in this role. Matthau has a grating obnoxiousness and a maniacal rage which I could not imagine in the genteel Benny. George Burns plays the quiet, reasoned side of the team. It is difficult to imagine why Willie found this man so disagreeable all those years, and this leads to the conclusion that Willie - a paranoid, obnoxious man - is really the center of this story.  While it is similar in many respects to Neil Simon's other hit play, THE ODD COUPLE - in fact, it is almost a companion piece - THE SUNSHINE BOYS is a wonderful comedy in its own right. If you love laughter, then check out THE SUNSHINE BOYS!     