 Lene Nystrm has a certain charisma, and this CD is very "easy listen". When you mix these part`s together, you get an earfriendly mix of good dance/pop music. The reason is the rythmic beat alltrough that makes it as somekind of "quality bubblegum" popmusic. Track 1 Cartoon Heroes, say`s it all. This is very cartoonish, both vocal and musical wise. Lene has a "cartoonish" voice where here voice fits perfect in to this kind of music. Track 2 Around the world is an another exampel, with here let`s call it "squeaky" vocal brings this song forward in a quite interesting way. Rene Dif growling singin is also a funny contrast, which put`s them together as a whole. Track 3 Freaky Friday, has a fast backbeat rythm, which pushes it more or less headalong in a very fast tempo. Something different this one, with a small dash of country music bit`s and pices here and there. Track 4 We belong to the sea is a great pop song, with more depth to Lene`s and Rene`s voice. It has a melody which is very easy to fetch, and it`s nothing wrong with that. Track 5 An apple a day, it`s  a hardtop, fastback, sprint Aqua song, which goes around in a dizzy way. Track 6 Halloween. Aqua goes "horror movie" this time. A creepy opener, but then it fells flat. The rest is to thin to make it scary. There are some weird Rene Dif growls hear and there but it doesn`t help too much.  Track 7 Good guys is better and here the right "buttons" when it comes to "hit potensial are put on. There are more debt to Lene`s voice on this one. Track 8 Back from Mars, are in the Sc Fi department. To much cliches, but as Lene has sang before: Life it`s full of cliches.  Track 9 Aquarius is the ballad of the CD, and it`s ok, but nothing special. Here voice sounds clear and has some depth and flair on this one. Track 10 Cuba Libre. Aqua does "carriebean" but it ends up as  "poor whoman`s ethnic" inspired music. Track 11. Bumble Bees, it`s a very funky "brainwasher" in a more or less positive sence. Track 12 Goodbye to the circus is a good closer, with a "circus touch" musical whise. Aqua. Plain and simpel dance music, with many times an ear for the good and effective beat and melodies. Aqua is anyway something different, a little bit over average in their genre of music. 3 1/2 star, well somewhere around there.     