  Can a soundtrack be scary without watching the movie ?. Yes, it can, and this one is a good example of how it should be done. This is the late Bernard Hermann`s score to the original Cape Fear, back in the 60 ths. Elmer Bernstein has adapted, arranged, and conducted it for the 90 ths version of the movie directed by Martin Scorzese. From Track 1 Max to Track 15 The Ends, it put`s you in a disturbing mood at once and take a grip on youre soul and leave you shaken at the end. Track 1 Max, beginns with a "bang", and soon goes into  a tremblin violin score, with brassband instruments filling out. Track 2 Sam`s story has much of the same mood, but it`s a little bit more "easy listen" in a way. Track 2 Love ? Well it has nothin to do with love, and has much of the same creepy feel all trough. Tremblin violins included. Track 4 Strip search has a more open  "soundpicture" where the scary thing`s lay underneath in a way. Track 5 Rape and Hospital, has a very dark atmosphere, but sun shines trough here and there. Track 6 Frightned Sam, is in classical "psycho" mood from Bernard Hermann. Track 7 Cady meets the girls follows the atmoshere, with a fearfull upbuild all trough. Track 8 Sam Hides, tells the story of hide and seek in a clear musical way. More lighthearted where some hope shines trough. Track 9 Drive. Yees, it`s driving allright with musical scaretactiks here and there. Track 10 Teddy bear wired. Well. More soft tremblin violins, and a slower one for a change, with not to much bang, bang. Track 11 Kersek Killed has a effective double bass play which brings on some creep here and there. Track 12 Houseboat is very scary, with a build up which sounds like the instruments threatening each other in a way. Track 13 The instruments fight with each others Track 14. Destruction. The instuments try to destroy each other. Track 15 The End. Is much of the same story as the first track. It`s back at the first track moody wise. Something lurkin underneath.  This is a disturbing soundtrack, not for the easy scared people. Booooo!     