 Suzi Quatro was a great introduction to rock and roll when in my early teens in the 70 th`s here intense female light screaming vocal exploded in my ears . That`s fore sure. There`s no playlist listed here from this Import, but i have the first print from 1990, and Stumblin in is not included among these 20 greatest hits, but maybe EMI has included it in the 2005 print. But there are more enough goodie, goodies on the CD. It smashes directly into here megahit Can the Can, a masterpiece from the songwriters Chinn/Chapman. Suzi "a rock and roll" scream queen, which plays bassguitar, with a heartbeat driven rythmic punch on the bass which realy set`s the standard. Track 2 48 Crash also delivers with much of the same quality as the previous one. Suzi voice has a raw scream quality, that fits perfect to this early 70 ths hit. Track 3 Daytona Demon, has a weird breathing on the vocal in the beginning, but doesn`t holds the same standard. Too much, too messy. In other words, "not to demonic" to give me a good creepy feeling. Track 4 Devil gate drive. We are back in the simpel good rock and roll feeling. This one knows it roots, and its very well performed in every department. Track 5 Too Big, is a minor let down. It has the drive,thats for sure, but the little extra is missing. Great pianoplaying in the background, though. Track 6 The Wild One, is not wild enough, and has nothing to do with other great songs with the same title. This is an orginal Chinn/ Chapmann production. Track 7 You mamma won`t like me. Just ok this one, funky it is anyway, Sometimes good, sometimes not. Track 8 I bit off more than i could chew. It`s Suzi doin "psychidelia" rock and roll for a change. Not for everybody taste. Track 9 I may be to young is a "honky tonky " rock and roller which  swings ok. Track 10 Tear me apart, is a quality rock and roller, with good singin and a melody to follow. Track 11 Roxy Roller, has ecco, good bassdrive, but a melody which are easily forgotten. Track 12 If you can`t give me love is a Chinn/ Chapman classic which realy delivers. It has drive, guts, and glory, and has much of the soundpicture as Stumblin in with the classic Smokie sound , where Chris Norman came from who sang duet with Suzi on Stumblin In. Track 13  The Race is on is something else for a change. It begin`s as a ballad, but suddenly changes in to a weird rythmic pop song, which is far from rock and roll. Track 14 She`s in love with you, is a song which has a  refrain which goes on and on and on, and that`s it. Track 15 Mamas Boy, has much of the same problem. Track 16 I`ve never been in love is a good standard rocker with has heart and soul from the roots back from the 50 ths. Track 17 Rolling Stone, was here first singel from 1972, and has a ecco from flower power music, but sorry to say  not to good. Track 18 All shock up, is an interesting take on the Presley classic, and it swing`s very well all trough. Track 19 Keep a knockin, is a classical rock and roller, where Suzi gives us an orginal interpretation off. Track 20 Wake up a little suzi. A classic which The Everly Brothers and Ricky Nelson has done better with.  Anyway, this is glam,bam, quality rock and roll from Suzi Quatro, and a good introduction to the quality rock and roll "scream queen" from the 70 ths. If Stumblin in is included on this 2005 print, you are in for an extra gem, lucky you.     