 Chris Isaak seldom makes a cd that lacks atmosphere. This one has a whole of it, but there are some minor letdown`s to not make this an another masterpiece as his debut album.  Track 1 Please is anyway a song in the right direction. His very malesounding voice is pushed forward in the soundpicture, and the song is very atmospheric. Track 2 Flying has much of the same atmospheric temperature, with his voice "wispersinging" into your heart and soul. It goes from high notes to low notes without any problems.  Track 3 Walk slow "walkalong" in a very "cool tempo", but has to little variations to make it unforgetable. Track 4 Breaking apart has too much of everything, and it`s very repeating in it`s narrative form. Track 5 This time, is a little gem, with a very enjoyable structure, that make`s you happy. It`s easy to remember, and a song to humm  too.  Track 6 Speak of the devil, is not devilsh enough, but it has a certain atmosphere too make it a quality listen. Track 7  Like the way she moves, moves not in my direction, but it`s certainly ok, but nothin` special. Track 8 Wanderin it`s one of the weakest tracks on the CD. It never takes off, and you think that you have heard the same theme before on other tracks. Too much cliches in a way. Track 9 Don`t get so down on yourself, has a certain shimmer, but the shimmering is not too bright and light too make it a Isaak classic. Track 10 Black Flowers is a great one, and realy takes control with it`s cold and atmospheric vocal that makes you shiver between "heaven and hell" sometimes here and there. Track 11 I`m not sleepy, is a rocker which rock and roll you back and forward in a good tempo. Track 12 Lonley Nights is a another letdown. It`s too slow, and begins and ends in "neverland". Track 13 Talkin bout home, has a certain sting. The voice and the rythmic section is ok, but that`s what it`s song is all about when it comes down to the point. Track 14 Super Magic 2000, has shoots, birds singing, and a rock & roll classical 50 ths atmosphere. It`s an instrumental with quality, somewhere in David Lynch country". This Cd is anyway nearly up there, but it`s not devilsh enough for a 5 star. Anyway Chris Isaak know`s what he`s dooing. That`s fore sure.     