 The best of Mike Oldfield, is a great milestone in his career from early 70 th`s to the early 90 th`s. In other words this CD is a great introduction to his many great compositions. Track 1 Tubular Bells (opning theme) has a very hypnotic theme, horrific and makes you shiver( it was also used as the theme song in Friedkin`s horror film classic(The Exorsist). A moody and creepy melody. Track 2 Family Man is an another cup of tea, with it`s very open soundpicture, with enough space to put in different synth blop`s here and  there, to quicken it up. It has a great female vocal with guts and glory all trough. Track 3 Moonlight Shadow is the ultimate "summer hit song". It paint`s your soul with happiness, joy, and glory. Maggie Realy`s vocal with the right "dash" of "ecco sound" shines on this one. Track 4 Heavens Open, follow the poppy trends as the too tracks before this one. It`s anyway a little letdown because it stand`s still in away. The theme is to much repitition in away. Track 5 Five Miles Out, is anyway a nice gem, with one of the most "airy and open space " soundpicture i have heard. It`s a treat for your ears, and will kick your`e soul in outher space, at least for 4.14 minutes. Track 6 To France is a nice little treat, with Maggies vocal as a "drive motor" all trough the song. Track 7  Foreign affair, has much of the same quality elements included. Few distorting elements with to many instruments not fighting for theire places, to bring out the clear and solid vocal of Maggie Reiley. Track 8 In dulici jubilio is a nice sweet "shakesperean" inspired song. Easy come easy go, but a sweety in a way. Short and concise . Track 9 Shadow on the wall, is creepy and horrific with a devilish vocal. It has an atmosphere all trough that creeps slowly in too your soul, and paint your thought`s with shadows with a big S.. Track 10 Island, with Bonny Tyler on vocal bring`s more sunshine into your`e soul`. A good popsong this one. From track 11 to track 16 it`s time for the more experimental and weird ( in more or less positive way)Oldfield. Track 11 Etude: well, easy come and easy go joy. Track 12 Sentinel, is very similar to Tubular Bells, but bring`s out a certain flair when you listen to it. Track 13 Ommadawn is Oldfield in a "natures own" mood. Inspired in a way, but not to much variations. Track 14 Incantations has  a poor man`s `"carribean" touch all over. A let down in a way. Track 15 Amarok. To many drumming sound, and not much more. The vocal choir doesn`t fit at all. Track 16 Portsmouth has that "shakesperean" middelage feel over it, all trough. Except for a few letdown`s. Mike Oldfield is in the right "element "on this one.     