 Robbie Robertson with his  sometimes  harseness wispering singin is a gem to listen to it. This Cd has much of this moody magic. Track 1 The Night Parade has a certain touch of "woodoo" musical magic, that hit`s your soul like a curse, and never let it go before it`s finish. Magical. Track 2 Hold back the Dawn is more laidback in it`s structure, and Robertson voice is in a very relaxabel mood all trough.  Track 3 Go back to your woods, it`s in the funky world of music. It`s a minor let down, because the help from Bruce Hornsby shines to much inbetween. Hornsby is not at all bad, but this hybrid doesn`t feel right in Robertson`s world. Track 4 Soap Box Preacher, with Band member Garth Hudson on keyboard, brings back the magic. And it realy helps with Neil Young on the background vocals too. This one realy does it in every department. Track 5 Day of Reconing is in the U 2 land of music, with a dash of reagge rythm. Here Robertson "talk sings" and he paint`s very colorful music in your`e mind so to speak. Track 6  What about now, doesn`t sparks to much. It has an ok refrain, which is easy to remember, but that`s not enough as a whole. Track 7 Shake this town has a shaky  feel all trough. Rythmic and effective with an interesting horn section as a background carpet. Everytime Garth Hudson touches his keyboard it lifts the song above average, so also on this one. Track 8 Breakin the rules is more in the "cellar dweller" genre of music. It "stays " there in a way, and it`s to little uplifting. Track 9 Ressurrection is much better. Here Robertson sings with more passion, and yes it`s a ressurection to listen to. And a keyboard solo from Hudson is not a minus. Brings very much flair into the music. Track 10 Sign of the Rainbow, is the sympho side of Robertson. Sometimes ok. But sometimes to much of everything. This is more in gospel land. Aaron Neville background vocals helps, but this is more in his genre of singin. Anyway. This CD has a the mood to give you soulfull pleasure most of the time.     