 Peter Gabriel as a soloartist is  quality all over. This "greatest hits" collection, gives you most of the best. To kick of with Solsbury Hill (Track 1) is a wise choise. There`s an uplifting mood all trough the song. It`s simple in it`s build up, and easy to humm along to. Track 2 , I dont remember im sorry to say to "experimental" in a way. To much "blip blop" synth sound, spread all over, and has to much hit`s and misses. But hey soon we are back in business again with Sledgehammer Track 3. Gabriel voice is clear, and has a great rythm and syntheseisers to follow it. Track 4 Family Snapshot is a slow song, which doesn`t take of in the right direction. It has a form of "talking singing" which sometimes is annoying to listen to. Track 5 Mercy Street is moody and very relaxable to listen to. Track 6 Shaking the tree, with Youssou N Dour on vocal has an "african touch" over it, with  what we can call "ethnic rythm and vocal" which realy fits as an whole all trough. Track 7 Don`t give up, is anyway the best Gabriel song on this CD. To bring in Kate Bush on vocal t take`s this one "heaven above" when it come`s to uplifting musical soulfood for your mind. Mindfood in other words. Im sure this one has cured some depression`s, in a cold cold world. Track 8 San Jancinto, we are back in the departments of "weird sounds and blip blop", but it`s an ok listen. Track 9 Here come`s the flood is very moody and relaxable, and give you some "freeze" down your back. Track 10 Red Rain, has a certain quality, but it`s to much instrument`s fighting for theire place in a way. But the melody is good, and easy to remember.. Track 11 Games without frontiers, is one of the weak tracks. Easily forgotten, sorry to say. Track 12 Shock the monkey. Hey, that`s a another story. This one kicks in gear on the first note, and get`s better and better until the end.. Track 13 I have the touch, it`s to experimental for my sake. I don`t find the touch on this one. Track 14 Big Time is ok. Track 15 Zaar is a weird one. Very experimental with i think everything you can find on syntheseisers sound at the end of the eightes. It`s sound`s  sometimes like an early computer goes mad. Not my cup of tea.  Track 16 Biko, he`s back in the jungle, with good lyrics, but soundwise it does`nt stand out. Anyway most of the tracks on this one will you put you in great mood  As an introduction to Peter Gabriel for "newcomers" this one has it all.(most of the time).     