 The 3 first discs are from the Early days(Disc 1), The Ballads(Disc 2),The fast lane(Disc 3). This songs is very familiar to "hardbarked" Eagles fans or the mainstream country rock listner. Eagles is for many mainstream, but their voices,chorus, is let me tell you pure magic. So let me consentrate on Disc 4, The Millennium Concert, which earn a 5 star in it self. I have seen Eagles live in Oslo Norway in 1996, when they made the Hell Freezes Over Tour, and the Millennium Concert is not a drawback from that experience. Hotel California is the first track, and how i love Don Henley`s voice and drumming on this one. To be a live album,this is very good soundwise. Were not talkin` "Motorhead live sound"here folks. More Don Henley vocal on track 2 Victim of Love. The soundpicture is still optimal, with the audience responce mixed down, but you still got the live feeling. Track 3. Peaceful Easy Feeling, a different live version, with Glen Frey on vocal, and it sounds like the audience singing in the background. A winner. Who stills like country rock after 30 years, shouts Glen Frey. The audience response is awsome. Surprice track on track 4. Please come home from Christmas. Don Henley is back in the saddle again. A christmas song with a touch of difference. It`s end of the summer 2004, but it still gives you the christmas feeling. On Track 5 Glen Frey is singing OL`55. Great. A Tom Waits Classic,  Nuff`said. Track 6 Take it to the limit, with Glen Frey on vocal. A well known Eagles track. Track 7. Those Shoes. Im not to happy with that. Don Henley on vocal. Track 8 Funky New Year, is Funky enough, but not a favourite, but as a Millenium track it fits. Track 9 Dirty Laundry is from Don Henley solo work, the lyrics are very good, and you can learn something how the tabloid press works. Track 10 is a weird track, with Joe Walsh on vocal, Funk 49 it called. It`s so far from country rock you can get. Track 11 All she wants to do is dance, is more Henley solo stuff. Ok, but no more. The Best of my love is one of Glen Frey`s favourite stuff, and its a different version you have heard before. You`ve heard many of the songs before, but is a real treat this box.     