 Brooks & Dunn are more or less straight forward country, and most of the time it works quite well. This hit collection does not dissapoint if you look for well cooked bits of "yiaahaaaa jambalaya country music". Track 1 My Maria has the right ingredients on the "menu", well composed soundpicture that`s not overkilled, either by too much or too soon. Just earpleasin` simpel country music.Track 2 Honky tonk truth is an ok  fastback, hardtop, sprinter from the country department. Easy done`, and easily forgotten. Track 3 Your`e gonna miss me when your`e gone, is more interesting, with it`s walkalong speed. Relaxable and a cool listen this one.  with a certain early "Eagles" touch , which lift`s this one above average.Track 4 Boot scootin Boogie is boogie ok, but it doesn`t kick ass as good boogie should. Track 5 He`s got you. A stream of cliches. A boore and below average. To pompouse in a way. Track 6 Hard workin man, is an upspeeded rocker, which this time kick`s some ass and probably some dust out from your ears. Great piano plunkin` here and there too.Track 7 That Ain't No Way To Go, is down in the "country cellar" once again. Theres not to much shimmer to lift it up below average. Track 8 Rock my world (little country girl) is a weird hybrid inbetween rock/blues/and country. Sounds ok, but nothing special. Track 9 Neon moon, is more in the "slow movin department" of the country music. It`s lighthearted, but very cliche ridden alltrough. Track 10 Lost and found, is nothing very special but some guitar "riffs and raffs" here and there makes it to a good listen. Track 11 She`s not the cheatin kind. Good singing on this one, but it stamps`around with the same theme over and over again. Track 12 Brand new man is a let down, and have much of the same problems as the previous one. Track 13  That Ain't No Way To Go . Well im totally agreed. Nothing special, and no thunder at all. Track 14. We`ll burn the bridge is an ok honky tonk rocker, but nothin special to write home about, but the fiiddle solo is ok for a change. Track 15  She used to be mine  is a slow country ballad. Glimmers warm and bright most of the time. Track 16  Mama Don't Get Dressed Up For Nothing  is a messy bore, and that`s it folks. Track 17 My next broken heart is in the "bakersfield tradition" but sound`s like poor man`s "Dwight Yoakam" and that`s not a quality mark, but glimmers here and there, but that`s not enough. Track 18 Whiskey under the bridge, is more in the same tradition  but it`s more uptempo beat, which works ok all trough. Drinkin`` good song. Track 19 Little missy honky tonk closed the show, and is one of the best tracks, which has classical honky tonk ingredients, and a pumping thumping piano playin here and there which lifts it solid above average. Anyways this is simple and straight well done country music.	     