 Wicked Game is musical "soulfood". Chris Isaak has a voice that send`s ecco from Roy Orbison and other "voice giants" from the classical rock area, from that area when the music had soul and passion. Because when you dig deep enough into this material the music will fill you up and gives you energy. It hit`s the mark early with Track 1 Wicked Game, and the music drives you "crazy " in a good way. There`s a mood of desperate passion when Isaak sings. The sensual coldness in his voice is filled with desperate passion, and you can hear it and feel it very,very, strongly Track 2  You owe me some kind of Love is an good example of that. The sound mix on this CD is realy great. It`s certainly touches the right buttons when it come`s to classical "ecco" sound from the 50 ths and 60 ths. Track 3 Blue Spanish Sky, gives Isaak`s voice more passion. His voice is pushed so much forward in the  whole soundpicture, that it feel`s that he`s whispering the words in you ear, close, very very close. Track 4  Heart Shaped world i s ok, but nothing special, sorry to say. Track 5 Heart Full of Soul, is the first real "up tempo song" which is realy  very catching, with a refrain that you`certainly will remember. Track 6 Funeral in the Rain, has an atmosphere, but does`nt realy kick`s off. Track 7 Blue Hotel, is an uptempo rock and roller, that will make you soul and feet stepping around with joy. Track 8 Dancin is very rythmic in it`s atmosphere, and when the keyboards kick`s inn later in the song it lift`s it even higher. Little variation make it a little "letdown" qualitywise. Track 9 Nothing`s Changed, has a good guitar lead, which sound`s like "poormans Mark Knopler". One of the weak tracks, this one. We are soon back in the business again with the catching Track 10 Voodoo, which sould be a perfect soundtrack for a horror movie. Just listen to the spooky background vocals. Track 11. Lie to Me is ok, but you feel sometimes that you have heard it before on the CD. Track 12 Wicked Game, is the instrumental version of Track 1. Nuff said before. Anyway this is music so full of passion, that you sometimes feel that you get chocked, in a good way hopefully. Chris Isaak at his best, this one     