 This is a great intro to Supertramp hits from the 70 ths and 80 ths.  Most of the hits here were "mega hits" in Europe, and they where also well known all over the world. Track 1 School, is a very "Supertramp", with it`s wide open soundpicture with lots of air and ecco from the different instruments put in where it fits. The harmonica in the beginning, and the vocal creeps sloooowly in to the melody, and then BANG, with a scream it moves into great "sympho rock". Track 2 Goodbye Stranger is more average with it`s minor funky beat, anyway it still shines, but it`s not realy up there because it spin`s too much around in the same themetrench. Track 3 The Logical song, is more "up there", with the piano and the saxophone solo which bring`s out a harmonic gem all trough. Weird and funny vocal sometimes, but that`s ok in this kind of song. Track 4 Bloody well right, has to much instrumental preludes before the vocal come`s in, and then you begin to loose interest. Track 5 Breakfast in America is the realy great hit song, which nearly every bit`s and pices is placed where they belong, to make a great song. Greatness shines on this one. Track 6 Rudy is more in the "Elton John" school of rock, with great piano play that makes it simple and quite effective all trough. Track 7 Take the long way home, has a very clear soundpicture and where back in "classical" Supertramp form. Here and there it works, but as a whole not everything is "up there". Average. Track 8 Crime of the Century, has a simpel narrative musical line with the piano, but then it goes over in somekind of  heavy sympho rock. There are some nice bits and pices here, but as a whole is a letdown. Track 9 Dreamer, is experimental, and a weird listning experience as a whole. Some nice bit`s but to "dreamy" for my taste. Track 10 Ain`t nobody but me is in the "sympho blues/light heavy metal" department. It goes to much around and around with not to much creativity as a whole. Track 11 Hide in your shell, has a nice touch of a melody, but the theme spins out of gas before it ends. Too long, to slow build up in other words. Track 12 From now on has some flair all trough. It`s light weight but quite effective, as a slow song, but nothing very special. Track 13 Give a little bit, is a great "alcapella" song with the very effective refrain which creates as a whole a good listen experience. The saxophone play is put in the right places, an that also helps a lot. Track 14 It`s raining again, it`s nice, smooth, and a good "easy come easy go" song, but here the "easy way out" is a quality mark. Track 15 Cannonball is quite effective with a different beat as we have known Supertramp until now. More urban and fast funk in a way, and also more thight put together. Anyway. Supertramp is a creative symphonic rock band high on quality and flair. A good intro for newcomers this one on the "early" Supertramp sound.     