 The Neville Brothers seldom dissapoint. Not either on this CD. The voices of the brothers "smashes" together in perfect harmony on most of the tracks. I ask my self. Can you ask for more, when you wanna fill your`e soul with harmony and joy ? Track 1 Love spoken here with Aaron Neville on the lead vocal , set`s the standard how it shall sounds if you wanna  touch a nerve. There is a sensual softness in his voice, which creeps into you very sloooowly. This also has a touch of creative funk in the different instrumental departments which sounds good. Track 2 The Sound, has a "carriebean" feel all trough. This "ethnic" touch gives flair and colour to the soundpicture, which realy lives up to it`s title: The Sound.  Track 3 Holy Spirit is, yees, a creative "mindblower" when it comes to "halleluja" , also for the not so religous people, i will think. The playfull organ, simple and right down to the point, set`s the standard for this amusing tune. This one shines. Track 4 Soul to Soul is a moore slow song, which delivers, but has`nt got the real "heart starter" to make it great. Track 5 Whatever You Do, we are back in "funky businees" again. The theme all trough is to much repetition, so it doesn`t take off, from the more or less springiness beginning. Track 6 Saved by the graze of your love. Aaaaaah. Aaron Neville is back in the "lead vocal chair", and set`s the standard and this one gives you the right freeze down your`e backbone. Track 7  Your`e gonna make your`e momma cry, is a let down. It`s Aaron on the vocal which mark a certain standard, but does`nt kick off. Track 8 Fire on the mountain, is a moore jazzy tune. Booring in a way. It move`s slolwly. Too slowly. Track 9 Ain`t no sunshine is an standard song from the happy 70 ths, written by Bill Wither`s. Aaron's voice and a saxophone solo put`s a certain "Neville Trademark" on it which stands for quality. Track 10 Orisha Dance is an instrumental which sounds ok, an tell you a story which gives you some assosiations too "arabian nights". Track 11Sacred Ground has some spiritual touch which shines over the melody. All in all. This is a soulfull earfiller from the Neville Brothers.     