 Tina sings most of here songs as she`s twisting here soul in painfull directions, but she does it with so much passion, so much flair, that you feel shaken all over listen to it. Track 1 The Best is a good exampel of that. She screams, she nearly spits the message right trough. A good opener. Track 2 What`s love got to with it it`s my all time Turner favourite songs. It has everything, from the postmodern 80 ths disco style, with the right touches on the keyboard, and  the laidback klimpering rythmic guitar.  A more sensitive laidback  vocal from Tina Turner shows here from a softer side. This is a very upliftin song, which shines with a big S. Track 3 I can`t stand the rain, is more in "nowhere land". It has a certain sting, but it`s not a kick, soul, or heart starter. Track 4 I don`t wanna lose you.Well we are back in "hit song quality" land. The refrain is very good on this one. Track 5 Nutbush city limits is fast and furious in a positive sense. It realy swings and twist you around. Fast. very fast, and Tina voice never slips away. Track 6 Let`s stay together, is more in the middle of the road. An easy come and easy go song. Track 7 Private Dancer has the flair of the 80 th`s. Here voice sounds peculiar on this one. Not to found of this song, sorry to say. Track  8 We don`t need another hero, has much of the quality spark as Track 2. It touches on every right buttons, and has a refrain that realy hit`s a nerve when listen to it. Track 9 Better be good to me is written by Chinn/ Chapman, and you know what you get from these people. Easy come easy go pop music. Track 10 River Deep/ Mountain High, is the "wall of the sound" on this CD. This is old Tina, and is more raw and not too much polished. Not my cup of tea. Track 11 Steamy windows. Tina goes "heavy metal light". Very pulsative this one, and it kicks ass man. That`s for sure. Track 12 Typical Male, it`s quite rythmic but there you have most of the song in a nutshell. The refrain is anyway quite interesting. Track 13 It takes two, is a duet with Rod Stewart. An interesting switch for a change, but nothing special. Track 14  Addicted to Love is a Robert Palmer hit. Recorded live, but it fit`s Palmer better than Tina. It`s recorded live, but the "live sound" it`s nothing special. Track 15 Be tender with me Baby, is full of passion, but sometimes much of it can be too much, but certainly ok. Track 16 I want you near me, is the lighthearted and funny song . It`s very much summer here and ok for a hot day. Track 17 Way of the world is a forgettable song. Here and there it`s ok, but as a whole it doesn`t spark. Track 18 Love Thing. Heavy metal riffs. Ok singing. But there you have most of it. Anyway most of the time Tina Turner "turns you on" . She`s anyway a real hit machine. This collection is a good intro to here solo stuff from the 80 ths and the 90 ths. And she`s got IT.     