 Toto is a "perfect" band, in that sence that soundwise it`s overall perfection. The reason for not 5 stars, is that on some tracks the perfection is to much. You can`t eat sweet cackes every day, sometimes you have to eat some dark rye bread if you want to feel good all over. But anyway. Here we go. Track 1 Love has the power, start`s with a weird choir song, which sound`s not to good. But when the instruments and the vocal kicks in gear, it sounds great all trough, with enough space between the different instruments to make it a good listen. Track 2 Africa with it`s ethnical drum beat in the beginning, and the cool "low key" vocal  set`s the standard for this 80 ths hit song from Toto. Overcool studioperction this one.  Track 3 Hold the Line has it all, from the beginning with the hammering on the keyboard to the last drumbeat, it lift`s you up. One of the few tracks with "fuzz" on the guitar`s which makes  a glimmer touch with a small breezee of "light heavy metal" for a change. Track 4 Out of Love, sorry to say is a let down. A big one too. When this Cd came out in 1990, this track was unrelased. This ballad is a stream of cliches. Anyway with Track 5 Georgy Porgy we are back in business again with this funky song, with fresh rythmic drum beat for a change. Track 6 I`ll be over you is a nice ballad for but has much of the same problems that Track 4 has, some boring perfection elements that drag`s it down, but other wise fine. Track 6. Can you hear what i`m saying is also a previously unreleased track, but this one shine`s for a change. It` has  a certain "jazzy funk rock rythm "beat  which lift`s it up. Track 8 Rosanna is a classic. Classic Toto at his best. It`s a well composed gem, which shines on every beat. Track 9 I wont hold you back is anyway a stream of cliches, when it comes to ballad sing/song writing. It`s slow ok,but this is to much "sugar cake" to spark a shimmer. Track 10 Stop Loving You, has a great instrumental synth beginning, but then it`s suddenly change`s into an ok funky beat song, with some great instrumental elements included. Track 11 99, is an early ok funky song, which sparks here and there, but it`s easily forgotten. Track 12 Pamela is a likeable song which hold`s the standard, execpt for the overkilled synth sound from the 80 ths which pop`s up here and there. Track 13 Animal is total out of t line. This sound`s like poor man`s "disco funk". The theme goes around and around, and doesn`t kick off. But anyway. Toto shines most of the time and is a great introduction to the band for beginners. Toto is anyway studioperfection to the smallest fingertip, either you like it or not.     