  Greatness shines on this one. 26 Tracks with soulfoul blues. Quality marked, so to say. 75 minutes, with short and effective songs. Track 1 The Crawl. Crawlin` good with it`s sneakin and effective simpel down to earth song. Track 2 She`s tuff, with it`s laidback and cool rythm with harmonica and a vocal which is rough,ready, and very steady. Track 3 That`s enough of that stuff, follow in the same tradition. Rough,ready, and steady. Track 4 Full time lover has a traditonal beginning, and it`s more in the quality old sence of blues. Track 5 Sugar-coated love sound`s like it`s from the classical heydays with an very effective clappin rythm. Track 6 Sugar coated love, follows up with more airy sound picture. Ok. Track 7 Los Fabolus Thunderbirds, its over nearly before it begins. Just 1.11. and thats it. Certainly ok. Track 8 I`m a good man is once again in the classical track tradition. Great solo though. Track 9 Baby scratch my back, sound`s like a poor man`s creedence song, but the harmonica is the one effective thing in this one. Talkin singin doesn`t help either. Track 10 Walkin to my baby. This is great in the rythmic rock and roll sence with a plink and plunckin guitar to build up the sound picture. Track 11  You aint nothin but fine. Its very fast and over in 1.48.minutes. A cute shorty. Track 12 Marked Deck. Sreamable vocal. Sounds fine, but some cliches here and there. Track 13 Learn to treat me right, are in the classical sence of quality. Track 14 I belive im in love. There ya goo. Classical Fab song, with harmonica and effective jerry lee piano in the background. Track 15 How do you spell love. A good vocal, with very rythmic and effective backbeat.. Track 16 Mathilda. Well right there in the traditional style of soul and blues. Track 17 One`s to many, it`s the weak and boring one. Track 18 Dirty work, follows in the same footsteps, sorry to say. Track 19 Tip on in, its ok, with an effective backbeat, and a good a simple vocal  Track 20 Cherry pink and appel blossomwhite is an effective instrumental harmonica played blues song. Track 21 . Cant tear it up enuff is my all time favourite Fab blues song. Every thing is right on this one. It sparks, it kicks, and make`s a hell of a listening experience with all its power. Powerfull and magical. Track 22 Give me all your lovin is fast and effective. A good treat more in the rock & roll classical corner. Track 23 The Monkey. The weird screamin jay hawkins inspired track with monkey sounds in between. Realy special and somethin else. Track 24 My Babe. Woaa. This one blows you over. Fast hardtop backbeat sprint  song this one. Track 25 Diddy Wah Diddy. Cool enough.  Track Roll, roll, roll. A new sprinter to end the CD. 75 minutes. Yeah man. This one is more than tough enough.     