 The only reason I'm knocking off a star of this otherwise excellent DVD is for the quick-cut MTV-Style camera editing. Oh how I hate that!! (However, it's not as bad as it is on Iron Maiden's "Rock in Rio")      The performance on Rush in Rio is outstanding (as usual). I've seen them in concert since the Presto tour. And twice on the T4E tour and twice on this tour(the last time a mere 3 weeks before this concert was filmed). Unlike most aging rockers, Rush seem to get better and better with age.(And after a 5-year hiatus to boot!)Geddy's live singing improves all the time, and Neil puts on an awe-inspiring display of limb-indepenence few could match. And Alex....is nuts! Alex has always stuck out the least,but Rush would not sound like Rush without his inimitable team-player guitar style (I wonder if his microphone was even on...all the backing vocals sound like Geddy!)       Unlike some people,I have no problem with the sound. Sure it's not perfect,sure Geddy's vocals are sometimes a little low in the mix, but this was a LIVE recording!(Recorded with a primitive recording truck).And considering the hectic events of the day,they performed remarkably.In fact, I commend them for not doing any stuio-fixes (none that are obvious anyway).Variations in the sound mix as the show progressed? Every Rush show I've been to. A few people have complained about the audience being too loud in the mix. .Hmmmm...an audience singing so loudly they drown out the band...where have I heard that before? Oh yeah, at every Rush show I've been to!(And on "Closer to the Heart" from "Exit...Stage Left") I think it was mixed that way on purpose.I'm quite okay okay with that, because if you have a surround sound system, it sounds like actualy being there (but w/out the need for earplugs!)Like otheres have said, if you want studio perfect sound,listen to the studio albums.If you want an excellent representation of Rush's show on the VT tour,get this DVD!! Like David Bell of Skovol Unit said, "Be glad Rush FINALLY put a concert on DVD!"     