 I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm knocking one off for 2 reasons. 1)The track listing on the package doesn't match program content. All the songs ARE there, but 5 of them are in the "Underground Concert" in the special features section,so soon the track numbers on your player don't match up with the package. You can go to thesong select" in the main menu if you want to find a particular song, which makes up for it a little bit. (Queensryche's "Live Evolution had this same syncronicity problem). The other reason I knocked off a star is because of sound quality. Through surround sound, it's almost like being there! And the vocals are concentrated to the center speaker, which makes them more decipherable than normal. Dave's diction seems to be less articualte on older material.(But to be fair,I think it wold be quite a task to try and play these songs on guitar and sing them at the same time). My number 2 reason for knocking off a start was the sound quality of the 2.0 stereo option. Here's what I originally said"The music sounds good with this option..plenty crankin'! But the vocals are barely audilbe.Again to be fair, I only listened to the stero option through my system with the surround turned off..but most stereo tracks on DVD's sound better than this." Turns out I had my system set to stereo while the DVD was running the 5.1 track. Once I set everything correctly (D'oh!!) the 2.0 sounded just fine. (I still prefer the 5.1 though!)But I'm still keeping off a star for the package error and MTV style quick-cut editing. Everyone in a while,they focus on one member long enough for you to see what they're doing,but it's rare.   I wish they would have included subtitles a la Quensryche's Operation:Livecrime..but again, that's just a nitpick. Dave's vocal performance is up and down. Some songs he sings surprisingly well, and others...well...could be better.But at this poit I simply cannot imagine another voice for Megadeth!It simply wouldn't sound right! So,yes,this ROCKS. Especially if you were lucky enough to catch them on TWNAH tour! And it was cool that they included a couple of songs from their debut. I thought they did Holy wars much better when I saw them in concert..but it probably just seemed that way because I was there!     