 I didn't know anything about Misia until I came across a music file for a song called 'Everything'. Although the original version was made by Misia, the version I came across was sung by Erykah Badu. After hearing it, I frantically searched high and low to find out where that piece of music came from, because I had never heard it before. No one had a clue where it came from or what it was until, i stumbled upon some information about an album that was released in Japan, with a collection of covers sung by American artists. Hence, I found this album.  Now, I never heard of Misia before nor had I ever heard any of her music. Considering she sang in Japanese, I wasn't exactly privy to what she was singing about in her songs after reviewing some of her albums. But I can tell that she has a genuine love for her music and the songs she sang.  As far as the album is concerned, I could only rate it without the advantage of being familiar with most of Misia's original music. But I will say that some of the music on here is quite impressive. Badu's rendition of 'Everything' is not quite identical to its original but, a VERY nice alternative to it.  The track 'Escape' has a refreshing throwback sound to late 80's/early 90's R&B music. It is a great track filled with energy and a robust summertime feeling. I've knocked this song in the whip a few times already at many stop lights.  Then there is the track 'Wrapping Me In Your Love' by Erykah Badu's siser Coco, or otherwise known on the album as Hanaj. Her singing is expectedly similar to her older sisters yet, maintains some identity with the song and the melody of the track itself. This is a nice song to kick back to.  Other tracks that stand out nicely on this album is 'Sweetness' by David King, 'Don't Forget The Days' by KC and JoJo, and the Reprise of Everything with Erykah Badu and Common, who is added on the track for some of his lyrical prowness.  The album does have it's fair share of problems. First and foremost.....the price. $40 dollars is ALOT of money to be spending on a 10 track album. I don't care if God himself was singing on it, there is no reason for a CD with a limited number of songs to be that expensive. Import or domestic. Plus, half of these covers just aren't that good. Songs like 'Hill of Falling Stars' and 'Don't Stop The Music' just weren't done with the intention of being better than average. Plus, the track, 'The Glory Days' is just a big wad of corniness. I found myself more than occasionally going in and out with this album rather than sitting through it cover to cover without skipping past two or three tracks. And Common's lyrics are suprisingly so bad, that it was laughable and outright ridiculous.  Yet, what it all balls down to is whether if this album is worth spending $40 bucks on. Personally, I would only spend more than $20 bucks on an album IF I enjoyed at least half of the songs on the album.  On this album, I throughly enjoyed 5 out of 10 songs. So it pretty much cuts right down the middle for me. But to spend $40 bucks for only ten songs is a completely different issue.  For nostolgic reasons, I say that the price is worth it considering that these are songs (and an album) that will probably never see the light of day statewide....essentially making it a 'rare' album to own. Plus, these are songs performed by well-known and talented american soul singers. But, there is always the advantage of knowning a friend of a friend who already has the album and therefore, you can get a copy without breaking your pockets for an overpriced 10 track CD.   In the end, it all depends on your passion and appreciation for this kind of music, and how far you are willing to go with your hard-earned money.      