 This is one of the most disappointing albums i've heard in a while. After the hype and expectations that followed upon the release, Jill has fallen short of her cleaver style of song and poetry, and churned out a lukewarm product.  First the good points: Jill expresses her love for her husband with honesty and explicit imagination. It's refreshing to hear a woman of my culture tell other women that it's okay to let thier man be the kind of the castle. Let a man be a man, and love him for who he is. And never say that you don't need a man in your life because it's not true. Everyone needs someone to love. ...with those words of wisdom, I sincerely do hope many women will take heed to it and make it a little easier for us men to love and share love with them.  The Bad Points: ...the album still falls short of what it could have been. Jill weighs far too much empahsis on her relationship with her husband to the point where i almost threw up on myself. Yeah, sure...it's all nice and dandy to hear such joy and happiness in her songs. But I spent $11.99 to nod my head, and to simply be entertained. Not to hear Jill talk about how she liked getting laid in different positions by her man and memories of sleeping with her ex's for an hour. That is what her girlfriends and a therapist is for.  Honestly, I expected something better than her masterpiece, Words and Sounds Vol.1. Instead....i was let down.  The music is also questionably scaled down from Vol.1. There is not an ounce of genuine emotion in any of the music. Much of it sounds watered down and in some instances, filler. Although she did say that during her recording of Beautifully Human, more than 40 tracks were completed, too bad she didn't pick a better batch to release.  Overall, it's a decent album....but occasionally boring as hell.  People will say that Jill shouldn't be criticized for putting out an album that SHE wanted to make.  I say... just because she made the album HER way, doesn't necessarily make it a good one.     