  If it wasn't for Amel singing on this album, i would have rated this album with 1 star.  Why?  Well, I have been an avid fan, supporter and daydreamer of Amel Larrieux since day one of her Groove Theory days. Since then, there hasn't been one songstress who can meet nor compare with the standards and multiple dimensions Amel carries her voice into.  I have purchased all of her solo albums.  - Infinate Possibilties - Bravebird  ..and now Morning.  However, there has been one persistant problem that i've had with her albums, and that's been her music. Laru Larrieux isn't the best arranger of melodies but he does have a mood that remains consistant with the songs Amel sings. Although the mood has been appropriated nicely with some of songs that Amel has sung on, my problem with this mood is that there has also been an unappropriation of the music he has orchestrated for her. Meaning, it has in most cases been the same and has barely changed for the better.  However, Morning is a tad bit of a refresher for me considering her past material. Infinite Possibilities was a fantastic album, but musically too linear. Bravebird was very good album, but musically too sleepy. Morning has elements of both prior albums yet this time around, Laru seems to go a bit out on a limb and nicely adds an upright bass on "Gilles and Tales" and arranges a fun and quirky nursery rhyme chorus for Amel on "Trouble". But as for the rest of the album, it falls between just being okay to downright... ZZZZZzzzzzzz. It is within that dullness that painfully drags the airy atmosphere of amel's voice into the duldrum's of laru's repatition of beats and the faint disctinction of a needle skipping annoyingly and endlessly on a record. The track "Magic" is a prime example of this.  Yet, despite laru's frequent and simplicit beats, Amel does shine bright like a morning star (no pun) on this album. She never fails to serve a helpful dose of her emotions and spirit within the context and beauty of her songs.  However she still needs a jolt of inspiration in order to keep folks like myself interested in buying anymore of her albums. Some may say that since Amel is an independant artist, producers cost money, and maybe she uses Laru in order to circumvent expenses. Who knows. But the way the industry works, sometimes, artists have to spend money on producers who will extract and showcase the kind of quality product that justifiably compliments an artists talent and beauty within that talent.   With that said, I think another producer or two who can and will do that for Amel should be considered for future albums. The monotony needs to be broken soon otherwsie, Amel will fall victim to the same dullness that her husband's music is slowly digging a deep hole for.      