 One of the key elements that makes an artist an artist is their ability to expand beyond the limitations placed on them by the industry and ironically....their fans. Many people who claim to be purists talk about supporting artists that don't receive the mainstream attention they deserve but, once that said artist reaches beyond that of what could certify them as 'mainstream', all of a sudden, a backlash is unleashed upon them from the same people who adulated and supported them since the beginning. Mos has created and achieved a project that effectively exposes talents that exceed that of lyrical prowess and genius. After reading the liners, I found out that Mos is a musician. A musician that plays the piano, the drums and strums a guitar. The idea of a musician that can also be considered one of the greatest lyricist in our time....is necessary and extremely rare in the Hip Hop industry today. And that's without adding on the label of emmy nominee for best supporting actor.  The album opens up with a wonderfully haunting piece of music produced by Rafael Saddiq called, 'The Boogie Man Song'. This song instantly sets the mood of the album from the jump and stays the course for the reminder of the 18 tracked out album. Some of his best music on this album includes the tracks 'Ghetto Rock', 'Zimzallabim', 'Sex Love and Money', 'Close Edge', 'The Panties', 'Grown Man Business', 'Modern Marvel', 'The Beggar' and 'Champion Requiem'. Now i'm not excluding the other songs because they are 'bad' or aren't any good. I just felt the impact of the aforementioned songs in their music more so than in those that were excluded. The reminder of the album contains messages that were intended to be just that, without the necessity to have music to nod your head to or dance to, but instead...make you do what is practically extinct in hip hop today ....think.   'The Rape Over' is a blunt and straight in your face truth about what mainstream artists are afraid to be honest about.  Overall, this album is a very decent effort.     