 For 8 long years I impatiently waited for the tremdous trio of Sweetback to return with some more of what they blessed the world with, back in thier 1996 sleeper debut. Knowing how distinctive, ecletic and brilliant thier music has been throughout the years from Sade to Maxwell to thier self titled project, I was expecting some of the same and a little more than the wonderful gem they released 8 years ago. However, to my dismay, this new album 'Stage 2' falls way short of my expectations as well as it's musicians reputation with creating unique and soulful music.   Much of the music on this album sounds flat, contrived and simply boring. The music on Stage 2 sounds more like filler than original music. Unlike it's predessor, Stage 2 doesn't carry talented heavyweight singers and rappers such as Amel Larrieux, Bahamadia, Leroy Osborne and Maxwell and instead, settles for less with bargin priced artists.   Although some of the tracks such as 'Jesus Girl' and 'Mountain' offer some glimmer of interest, the problem with the album isn't so much the music as it is with it's singers. Although Mark Anthony Thompson has a distinct voice and carries the music on this album well, Aya is the dominant voice behind this project. Although I like Aya to a degree, I felt it was a huge mistake by having her sing on just about every song on the album. Her singing is flat and clearly meant for more mainstream pop music within the likes of a 'Michelle Branch'.   Personally I feel that her singing doesn't go well with the unique and worldly sounds of Sweetback. It's like mixing oil and water. Plus, her singing tends becomes painfully monotonous after her third song, in effect...dragging some of the music down. And to make matters worse, Aya has Ivana Santilli singing alongside of her. Not to say Ivana isn't a good singer. But she certainly would have been the better choice over Aya if it came down to having one female singer on the album. Simply put, the problem I have overall with the album is that this is NOT a Sweetback album but in fact, an 'Introduction To Aya' album. And as far as im concerned, Aya holds back Sweetback's artistry and uniqueness on this album, within the fickle world of 21st century popular music. And when you try to compare this album with Sweetback's first album, you will clearly notice what I'm talking about. Sorry guys, you dropped the ball on this one.       